


Polatechno Co.,Ltd.

























About Us


About Us
 Our proprietary technology supports technological forefronts of our times.

Corporate Profile
Network & Access
President's Message
Board of Directors & Organization
History & Sales Growth
Welcome to Joetsu




Our Products


Our Products
 Here we introduce our products that control light over a wide range, from 
X-ray and ultraviolet light through visible light and infrared light.

Polarizing Films
Polarizing Film Product Search
Elliptical Polarizing Film
LCD Projector Components
Inorganic Polarizers
X-Ray Analyzer Components
Applied Products
Polarizing Films in Our Daily Lives




Business Activities


Business Activities
 We are always hard at work in pursuit of innovation in order to meet 
market needs promptly and precisely.

Research & Development
Quality
Manufacturing




Corporate Social Responsibilities


Corporate Social Responsibilities
 Steadily promoting what we should do as a responsible enterprise . . . 
At Polatechno, a number of future-looking initiatives are well underway. 

Environmental Policies
Environmental Initiatives











Structure of Polarizing Film
Polarizing Film Product Search
Inorganic Polarizers
LCD Projector Components
Applied Products
X-Ray Analyzer Components






2017.05.08  Newly developed blue light high transmission polarizer for Organic EL display［202KB］
2017.02.23  Exhibit at 27th FINETECH JAPAN
2016.11.07  New Development of High Contrast Achromatic Polarizer［178KB］
2016.09.21  Exhibit at electronica 2016.
2016.06.24  Changed Directors and Organization.
2016.05.09  Newly Development of High Contrast High Durability Dye-type Polarizer［197KB］
2016.03.08  Exhibit at 26th FINETECH JAPAN.
2015.10.07  Exhibit at IR Fair 2015.
2015.06.24  Changed Directors and Organization.
2015.02.18  Exhibit at 25th FINETECH JAPAN.

go to News & Topics






    Behind the highly reliable performance capabilities and quality are our superior technologies. 
        For Details

    Introduction to polarizing films used in daily life.
    For Details





We would like you to know 
ourcity Joetsu!






    Nippon Kayaku Co., Ltd.

    Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.


    DEJIMA OPTICAL FILMS B.V.
 
    MOXTEK,Inc.






    MicroChem Corp.





About Us｜Our Products｜Business Activities｜Corporate Social Responsibilities




Site MapAbout This Website (Rules of using this site)For Inquiries Privacy Policy


192-6, Aza Shimogawara, Inamasu, Itakura-ku, Joetsu City, Niigata Prefecture 944-0101, Japan 
Copyrightc2010 Polatechno Co.,Ltd. All rights reserved.








	Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd. - 財經百科 - 財經知識庫 - MoneyDJ理財網









































































首頁◆新聞◆Focus◆台股◆美股◆新VIP◆選股◆基金◆ETF◆iQuote◆討論區◆權證◆知識庫◆港股◆書城◆櫃檯◆XQ◆  更多  金融 理財 多空 人民幣   未上市 報稅             






                                2017/8/3
                            

加入會員|
                                +粉絲團|
                                 













設為首頁|手機版








首頁

新聞

研究報告

討論區

部落格

財經百科

書籤

好文分享





全部
研究報告
新聞
部落格
財經百科
書籤
好文分享







































MoneyDJ理財網財經知識庫財經百科首頁熱門詞條百科內文




收藏 | 
    

主題 | 
    



編輯














Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.



回應(0)
人氣(11120) 
收藏(0)





doremi123

管理者
    





訊息





名片











Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.(有澤製作所，5208.JP)前身Nihon Braid Co. Ltd.創業於1909年，總部設在新宿，是日本最大軟性銅箔基板(FCCL)製造商，生產2L與3L軟板基板，應用於資訊及通訊產品。
2009年10月7日公司宣布取得軟性銅箔基板(FCCL)廠新揚科技51.0%股權，新揚科成為公司旗下子公司之一。







































分類主題：
        軟板基板‧Arisawa Mfg.




相關百科





















































搜 尋


條目：


    編者：






























 



















MoneyDJ理財網財經知識庫基金頻道iQuoteETF頻道美股頻道報稅頻道資訊新聞台股美股港股基金興櫃報稅金融專題報導　個人理財ETF書城部落格iQuote熱門產業討論區　　多空訊號　學習技術學院經濟學院選股學院會員中心加入會員查詢密碼個人存摺購物理財商品手機版+粉絲團分類研究報告新聞|討論區部落格財經百科書籤好文分享講堂股票市場市場動態個股情報產業分析國家動態熱門產業總體經濟財經基金新聞　研究報告國際金融　交叉匯率　投資聚光燈　資訊國內基金　海外基金　搜尋 國內|海外進階搜尋區域搜尋商品搜尋　排名 公會排名週轉率排名FundDJ排名基金評等基金龍虎榜　四四三三趨勢軌跡工具 投資建議投資藏寶圖基金速配景氣循環圖計算器　走勢分析多空瞭望銀行匯率市場動態基金總覽基金新聞市場觀點討論區ETF介紹ETF發行公司ETF基本資料ETF資金流向ETF投資策略ETF相關分析ETF搜尋區域|類型進階|指數ETF排名漲幅|跌幅規模|成交量點閱人氣排行ETF工具ETF大車拼ETF成本評比ETF主題投資個股資料基本資料行情報價基本分析排行漲幅排行跌幅排行超買排行超賣排行成交量排行點擊排行查詢次數排行工具ADR套利選股工具行事曆各類股績效表現新手上路報稅新訊報稅流程　報稅方式DIY報稅　繳稅、報稅聰明節稅投資報稅基金|不動產外匯|黃金　證所稅海外所得　分離課稅　投資型保單報稅論壇
關於MoneyDJ | 網站地圖 | 刊登廣告 | 新手上路 | 常見問題 | 會員中心 | 聯絡我們 | 徵才 | Back To Top版權所有嘉實資訊股份有限公司，未經合法授權請勿翻載。與本網站有關一切糾紛與法律問題，均依中華民國相關法令解釋及適用之。嘉實資訊客服電話：0800-006-098。 嘉實資訊客服信箱：econsult@moneydj.com 。 最佳瀏覽模式：解析度1024*768以上；瀏覽器建議使用 IE9.0以上。本站內容僅供參考，本公司不負任何法律責任，投資人若依此以為買賣依據，須自負盈虧之責。













ARISAWA Mfg.Co.,Ltd






































HOME
COMPANY
TECHNOLOGIES & PRODUCTS
IR/FINANCIAL
ANALYSIS SERVICE
CSR
RECRUIT
CONTACTS












ã€€ 













July 12, 2017
Securities Report for the 69th Term (from April 1, 2016 to March 31, 2017)







June 13, 2017
Notice of the 69th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders







May 25, 2017
Annual Report







May 24 , 2017
Notice of Adjustment of the Forecast of Year-End Dividend 







May 24, 2017
Notice of Difference between the Forecast of Business Results for the Full Year and the Actual Results  







May 24, 2017
Consolidated Financial Results for the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017 [Japanese GAAP]







February 14, 2017
Quarterly Report (The Third Quarter of the 69th Term) From October 1, 2016 to December 31, 2016







February 9, 2017
Consolidated Financial Results for the Nine Months Ended December 31, 2016 [Japanese GAAP]

















PAGE TOP







Company Profile for Arisawa Mfg Co Ltd



























































X



Edition:

India


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Arisawa Mfg Co Ltd (5208.T)





Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyElectronic Equipments & Parts












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    










				5208.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				943JPY
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥-14


					            (-1.46%)
					        






Prev Close

¥957


Open

¥956




Day's High

¥962


Day's Low

¥931




Volume

289,300


Avg. Vol

178,644




52-wk High

¥962


52-wk Low

¥489












					Full Description



		Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd. is a Japan-based manufacturing company. The Electronic Materials segment manufactures and sells electronic materials, including flexible and rigid printed wiring board (PWB) materials and glass cloths for PWBs. The Display Materials segment provides display materials, such as antireflection films, three-dimensional (3D) display filters, optical films, 3D contents and hardware, among others. The Electrical Insulating Materials segment provides electrical insulating materials. The Industrial Construction Materials segment provides industrial construction materials, such as filament winding (FW) moldings, honeycomb panels and prepregs for aircrafts, pultrusion products and fiber reinforced plastic (FRP) ski sheet. The Related Products Sale segment sells products of Electrical Insulating Materials segment and Industrial Construction Materials segment. The Others segment provides logistics services and others.
» Full Overview of 5208.T







					Company Address



Arisawa Mfg Co Ltd
1-5-5, Minamihon-choJOETSU-SHI   NGT   943-8610
P: +8125.5245121F: +8125.5241117







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Sanji Arisawa

--




							 Yuta Arisawa

--




							 Yoshihiko Toda

--




							 Osamu Nakajima

--




							 Hidetaka Nonami

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Arisawa Mfg Co Ltd News




» More 5208.T  News
















Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyElectronic Equipments & Parts
























Arisawa Mfg. Co. Ltd. - 81-(0)25-524-5121 (+81-81-(0)25-524-5121) - Japan - ftaarea.com





















Add Company





Japan
Arisawa Mfg. Co. Ltd.

Home > Japan > Arisawa Mfg. Co. Ltd.


Contact
Description




Arisawa Mfg. Co. Ltd.
  + 847

Address:
Joetsu-shi Niigata-ken
Phone:
81-(0)25-524-5121 (+81-81-(0)25-524-5121)

Telephone:81-(0)25-524-5121 (+81-81-(0)25-524-5121) Fax:81-(0)25-524-1117 (+81-81-(0)25-524-1117) City/Area:Niigata Country:Japan Webiste:www.arisawa.co.jp
[Request Update] [Request Remove]








Share this Company













DescriptionContact




Address: Joetsu-shi Niigata-ken City/Area: Niigata Country: Japan Product list: Electrical Insulating, Electronics-related, Opto Electronics, 3d Products Category: Electrical Insulating, Electronics-related, Opto Electronics, 3d Products Type: Manufacturers Profile: Arisawa Manufacturing Ltd.'s History Dates Back 1909 When It First Began To Manufacture Batten Lace Embroidery. An Opportunity Arose For Arisawa To Apply Its Expertise In Lace Making To Glass Fibers. This Was The Beginning Of A New Phase For Arisawa. Since Then, Arisawa Has Continued To Successfully Create And Integrate New Materials With Unique Characteristics Into Its Technology Portfolio. The Company Has Established Highly Efficient Production Lines Based On The Integration Of Its "weaving, Coating, And Molding" Technologies.   Arisawa's Strengths Have Enabled It To Meet The Ever More Diverse And Sophisticated Needs Of Its Customers. Among The Many Arisawa Products Are: Electronic Materials Used In Personal Computers And Cellular Phones; And Optoelectronic Materials Such As Fresnel Lenses For Projection Tv; Electrical Insulating Materials; And Structural Materials Arisawa Products Play Significant Roles In The Development Of Many Industries. Arisawa Is Fully Committed To Creating The "future" By Continuing To Develop New And Innovative Materials.









Previous:Nihon Rufuto Co. Ltd.
Next:Nagano Prefecture Tourism Information











KFILTER
KFILTER is ISO9001 and CE mark register filter manufacturing Company in Qatar, India and China a broad range of Air, Hydraulic and Water filtration &amp; separation cartridge elements for a wide variety of industries incJapan Luggage Express Ltd.
Japan Luggage Express is an international freight forwarder specialized in shipping of personal effects and household goods from Japan to worldside destinations by sea and air.  We offer the servcies of pickup from anywhBatfa Japan Inc.
Founded in 1950, Batfa Japan Inc. is leading exporter of Brand new Japanese cars. The company also export used Japanese vehicles, cars, trucks, and Buses. All second hand cars are certified and approved by Japan Inspecti 



Tenichido
Tenichido is a company at Japan,Fax is 025 259 3136 (+81-025 259 3136),Address is Niigata-shiKumari Trading Co. Ltd.
Kumari Trading Co. Ltd. is a company at Japan,Fax is 025-2553482 (+81-025-2553482),Address is NiigataTokai Tekkosho Co. Ltd.
Tokai Tekkosho Co. Ltd. is a company at Japan,Fax is 0258-375-5103 (+81-0258-375-5103),Address is Tochio-shi NiigataUnion Air Service
Union Air Service is a company at Japan,Fax is 0258-36-1202 (+81-0258-36-1202),Address is Nagaokakyo NiigataJapan Worldwide K.k.
Japan Worldwide K.k. is a company at Japan,Fax is 025-784-3107 (+81-025-784-3107),Address is Minamiuonuma-gun NiigataKyoritsu Kanko Co. Ltd.
Kyoritsu Kanko Co. Ltd. is a company at Japan,Fax is 025-752-0280 (+81-025-752-0280),Address is Tookamachi-shi Niigata 





China
Hong Kong
Thailand
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Bahrain
Yemen
Bhutan
United Arab Emirates
Singapore
Taiwan
Iran
Azerbaijan
Armenia
Afghanistan
Malaysia
Dubai - U.A.E
Saudi Arabia
Brunei
Bangladesh
Macau
Maldives
Palestine
India
South Korea
Philippines
Lebanon
Myanmar
Cambodia
Uzbekistan
Indonesia










Vietnam
Syria
Kuwait
Qatar
Kyrgyzstan
Iraq
Japan
Pakistan
Oman
Sri Lanka
Laos
Tajikistan
United States
Bahamas
Jamaica
Canada
Dominican Republic
Haiti
Mexico
Barbados
Virgin Islands US
Panama
Bermuda
Grenada
Guatemala
Cayman Islands
Cuba
Trinidad and Tobago
Aruba
United Kingdom
France
Finland
Greece
Estonia
All















ARISAWA MFG CO LTD (5208:Tokyo Stock Exchange): Stock Quote & Company Profile - Bloomberg








































  





















































































 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SECTOR » ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT, INSTRUMENTS & COMPONENTS INDUSTRY » 5208  


arisawa mfg co ltd (5208:Tokyo Stock Exchange)


5208 On Other Exchanges
SymbolExchange 5208 is not on other exchanges.






Snapshot NewsChartsFinancialsEarningsPeopleTransactions



arisawa mfg co ltd (5208) Snapshot



Open
--



Previous Close
--




Day High
--



Day Low
--




52 Week High
-- - --



52 Week Low
-- - --




Market Cap
--



Average Volume 10 Days
--




EPS TTM
--



Shares Outstanding
--




EX-Date
--



P/E TM
--




Dividend
--



Dividend Yield
--















 Advanced Stock Chart



Request Profile Update

		\
	



Related NewsNo related news articles were found.arisawa mfg co ltd (5208) Related Businessweek NewsNo Related Businessweek News Found


arisawa mfg co ltd (5208) Details


			Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells electronic, industrial application structural, electrical insulating, and display materials in Japan. It provides materials and glass cloth products for flexible and rigid printed circuit boards, etc.; and flexible printed circuit board materials, including cover lay products, copper-clad laminates, interlayer adhesive sheets, PI composite films, and protection films, as well as FCCLs for sensor applications. The company also offers display materials comprising anti-reflection films, 3D display filters, special optical films, 3D display equipment, polarizing plates, hard-coating films, antiscattering films, index matching films, projection screens, UV nanoimprinting parts, optical retardation elements, and film and glass lamination products, as well as 3D imaging software. In addition, it provides electrical insulating and industrial structural materials, such as glass tapes, glass cloths, carbon cloths, and other fabric products; epoxy resin prepregs, glass cloth silicon rubber tapes, semi-conductive tapes, adhesive tapes, composite adhesive tapes, and resin impregnated glass-cloth tapes; filament winding molding products, pultrusion products, and compression molding products; honeycomb panels, etc. for aircraft; and pultrusion molded products and FRP ski sheets, etc. Further, the company is involved in the logistics business, as well as in the operation of a driving range. It serves consumer electronic appliance manufacturers, electronic component manufacturers, industrial electronic appliance manufacturers, etc. The company was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Joetsu, Japan.
  			

Detailed  Company Description...


www.arisawa.co.jp
1,305 Employees Last Reported Date: 06/29/17
Founded in 1909








arisawa mfg co ltd (5208) Top Compensated Officers



No compensation data is available at this time for the top officers at this company.

Executives,
	    Board Directors









	arisawa mfg co ltd
	
Arisawa Manufacturing Co., Ltd. Reports Consolidated and Non-Consolidated Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended March 31, 2017; Provides Earnings Guidance for the Six Months Ending September 30, 2017 and Full Year Ending March 31, 2018; Announces Dividend for the Year Ended March 31, 2017
May 9 17
Arisawa Manufacturing Co., Ltd. reported consolidated and non-consolidated earnings results for the full year ended March 31, 2017. For the year, on consolidated basis, the company reported net sales of JPY 34,451 million compared to JPY 37,228 million for the same period a year ago. Operating income was JPY 1,790 million compared to JPY 2,957 million a year ago. Ordinary income was JPY 2,690 million compared to JPY 3,510 million a year ago. Profit attributable to owners of the parent was JPY 2,072 million compared to JPY 2,716 million a year ago. Fully diluted net income per share was JPY 58.06 compared to JPY 75.95 a year ago. Return on equity attributable to owners of the parent was 4.5% compared to 5.9% a year ago. Income before taxes was JPY 2,806.975 million compared to JPY 3,927.357 million a year ago. Cash flow from operating activities was JPY 3,419 million compared to JPY 4,548 million a year ago. Purchase of property, plant and equipment was JPY 1,291.804 million compared to JPY 1,542.408 million a year ago. Purchase of intangible assets was JPY 21.501 million compared to JPY 17.309 million a year ago. Ratio of ordinary income to total assets was JPY 4.3% against 5.5% a year ago.

For the year, on non-consolidated basis, the company reported net sales of JPY 23,410 million compared to JPY 25,793 million for the same period a year ago. Operating income was JPY 584 million compared to JPY 1,400 million a year ago. Ordinary income was JPY 1,898 million compared to JPY 2,542 million a year ago. Net income was JPY 1,516 million compared to JPY 2,219 million a year ago. Fully diluted net income per share was JPY 42.48 compared to JPY 62.06 a year ago.

The company announced dividend for the year ended March 31, 2017. For the year, the company announced dividend of JPY 20.00 per share compared to JPY 23.00 per share for the same period a year ago. 

The company provided consolidated earnings guidance for the six months ending September 30, 2017 and full year ending March 31, 2018. For the six months, the company expects net sales of JPY 18,300 million, operating income of JPY 1,000 million, ordinary income of JPY 1,400 million and profit attributable to owners of the parent of JPY 950 million or JPY 26.63 per share.

For the full year ending March 31, 2018, the consolidated company expects net sales of JPY 37,600 million, operating income of JPY 2,300 million, ordinary income of JPY 3,150 million and profit attributable to owners of the parent of JPY 2,300 million or JPY 64.47 per share.


Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd. Reports Consolidated Earnings Results for the Nine Months Ended Dec. 31, 2016; Provides Consolidated Earnings Guidance for the Year Ending March 31, 2017
Feb 2 17
Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd. reported consolidated earnings results for the nine months ended Dec. 31, 2016. For the period, the company reported net sales of JPY 25,754 million compared to JPY 28,659 million a year ago. Operating income was JPY 1,151 million compared to JPY 2,343 million a year ago. Ordinary income was JPY 2,013 million compared to JPY 3,145 million a year ago. Profit attributable to owners of the parent was JPY 1,493 million or JPY 41.86 per diluted share compared to JPY 2,272 million or JPY 63.50 per diluted share a year ago. Income before income taxes was JPY 2,132.094 million compared to JPY 3,576.421 million a year ago.

For the year ending March 31, 2017, the company expects consolidated net sales of JPY 34,300 million, operating income of JPY 1,550 million, ordinary income of JPY 2,000 million and profit attributable to owners of the parent of JPY 1,500 million or JPY 42.11 per share.


Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd. to Report Fiscal Year 2017 Results on May 09, 2017
Jan 10 17
Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd. announced that they will report fiscal year 2017 results on May 09, 2017








 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.















Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup





5208 Competitors
Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.





Company
Last
Change



No competitor information is available for 5208.
View Industry Companies














 


Industry Analysis




5208




Industry Average








Valuation
5208
Industry Range




Price/Earnings
16.3x





Price/Sales
1.0x





Price/Book
0.7x





Price/Cash Flow
16.4x





TEV/Sales
0.5x







View Detailed 5208 Financials
 | 
View Sector Analysis



Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ARISAWA MFG CO LTD, please visit www.arisawa.co.jp.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd. - Relationship Science
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Owners & Shareholders Recent Transactions Clients Financials Investments



Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1909




Headquarters


1-5-5 Minamihon-cho, Joetsu, Niigata 943-8610




Type of Company



                                                                    Public
                                                            




Employees (Worldwide)


1,305




Industries


Electrical Products

Wholesale: Industrial Products & Manufacturing




Company Description


Arisawa Manufacturing LTD.'s history dates back 1909 when it first began to manufacture batten lace embroidery. An opportunity arose for Arisawa to apply its expertise in lace making to glass fibers. This was the beginning of a new phase for Arisawa. Since then, Arisawa has continued to successfully create and integrate new materials with unique characteristics into its technology portfolio. The company has established highly efficient production lines based on the integration of its "Weaving, Coating, and Molding" technologies. Arisawa's strengths have enabled it to meet the ever more diverse and sophisticated needs of its customers. Among the many Arisawa products are: Electronic materials used in personal computers and cellular phones; and Optoelectronic materials such as Fresnel lenses for projection TV; Electrical Insulating materials; and Structural materials Arisawa products play significant roles in the development of many industries. Arisawa is fully committed to creating the "Future" by continuing to develop new and innovative materials.




Website


http://www.arisawa.co.jp






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
July 4, 2017





                        Yuta Arisawa is now serving in a new position at Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.                    





Marketline Newswire
September 15, 2016





                        Arisawa reports lower profit for Q1, provides annual outlook                    





Marketline Newswire
August 29, 2016





                        Arisawa Q1 profit decreases                    





PR Newswire
September 18, 2015





                        Flexible Copper Clad Laminate and Copper Clad Laminate Industry 2020 Forecasts Reports Available at WiseGuyReports.comWiseGuyReports.com announces "Global Copper Clad Laminate (CCL) Industry 2015 Market Research Report" and "Global Flexible Copper Clad Laminate (FCCL) Industry 2015 Market Research Report" with tables and figures to its research store.                    






 Executives & Employees



Yuta Arisawa

Representative Director & Chief Executive Officer




Sanji Arisawa

Chairman





Yasunori Kihara

Deputy Executive General Manager, Administration Division




Makoto Tai

Deputy Executive General Manager, Electronic Materials Business Division





Osamu Nakajima

Executive General Manager, Electronic Materials Business Division




Takeshi Aizawa

Deputy Executive General Manager, Manufacturing Division





Mitsuru Ogino

Deputy Executive General Manager, Electronic Materials Business Division




Hidetaka Nonami

Executive General Manager, Administration Division & Supervising Manufacturing Engineering Department





Eiichi Matsuya

Operating Officer & Deputy Executive General Manager-Administration Division & Supervising General Affairs Department, Human Capital Department & Quality Assurance Department




Takeshi Masuda

Deputy Executive General Manager, Administration Division







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Yuta Arisawa

Representative Director & Chief Executive Officer at Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.




Etsujiro Koge

Former Director & Managing Executive Officer at Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation





Yoshihiko Toda

Executive General Manager, Electrical Insulating & Composite Materials Business Division at Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.




Katsuchika Goto

Former Managing Director & General Manager at Smith Barney, Inc.





Osamu Nakajima

Executive General Manager, Electronic Materials Business Division at Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.



                        Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Owners & Shareholders



 Details Hidden


SBI Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                                    SBI-AM is an active growth-oriented investment manager. The firm invests in Japanese listed and unlisted equity and debt as well as in private equity, and follows a combination of top-down and bottom-up investment approaches. They specialize in identifying promising unlisted companies including startups, as well as companies undergoing revitalization through restructuration. They also target newly listed companies with innovative business models, and have special expertise in small- to mid-cap companies. One of their central investment themes is 'New Japan'.The firm manages alternative single-manager and multi-manager strategies, comparing performances to the HFRX Global index.Investment decisions are based on monthly investment committee meetings chaired by the firm's CIO.                                




 Details Hidden


SBI Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                                    SBI-AM is an active growth-oriented investment manager. The firm invests in Japanese listed and unlisted equity and debt as well as in private equity, and follows a combination of top-down and bottom-up investment approaches. They specialize in identifying promising unlisted companies including startups, as well as companies undergoing revitalization through restructuration. They also target newly listed companies with innovative business models, and have special expertise in small- to mid-cap companies. One of their central investment themes is 'New Japan'.The firm manages alternative single-manager and multi-manager strategies, comparing performances to the HFRX Global index.Investment decisions are based on monthly investment committee meetings chaired by the firm's CIO.                                





 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd. purchases Bekaert SA /Treated Water Pressurized Container Business                                                                       





 Clients



Companies ▾




Sumitomo Corp.


                                                                                     •  Tokyo, TY                                                                            

                                        Sumitomo Corp. engages in the provision of trade services. It operates through the following segments: Metal Products; Transportation and Construction Systems; Environment and Infrastructure; Media, Network, and Lifestyle Related Goods and Services; and Mineral Resources, Energy, Chemical, and Electronics. The Metal Products segment involves trade of metal products, including steel sheets, tubular products, and other products, as well as non-ferrous metals such as aluminum and titanium. The Transportation and Construction Systems segment deals with the automobile, ship, aircraft, rail, other transportation equipment, and construction equipment businesses. The Environment and Infrastructure segment works on infrastructure businesses in a variety of fields, including electric power (including renewable power generation), water, power plant, plant machinery and facilities, batteries, logistics, and insurance. The Media, Network, and Lifestyle Related Goods and Services segment engages in the business areas of media, network, lifestyle and retail, food, materials and supplies, construction, and real estate. The Mineral Resources, Energy, Chemical, and Electronics segment develops businesses in the fields of mineral resources, energy, basic chemicals, electronics, and life sciences. The company was founded on December 24, 1919 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
                                    





 Key Stats and Financials as of 3/31/2017



Market Capitalization


$33.6B




Total Enterprise Value


$27.1B




Earnings Per Share


$58.2




Revenue


$34.5B




EBITDAMargin


10.07%




Enterprise Value Sales


0.79x




Enterprise Value EBITDAOperating


7.8x




TEVNet Income


13.06x




Debt TEV


0.19x




Net Profit


$2.07B




EBITDA


$3.47B




Total Debt


$5.26B




Total Equity


$49.3B




Three Year Compounded Annual Growth Rate Of Revenue


4.45%




Five Year Compounded Annual Growth Rate Of Revenue


4.36%






See financial details and more using RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Investments




 Details Hidden



ColorLink, Inc.

                                    ColorLink, Inc. analyzes, designs and delivers polarization products. The firm’s products include products include retardation plates, spectral filters, polarizers, optical shutters, custom optical assemblies, 3D products, including optical components, eyewear and 3D monitors. The company was founded by Gary D. Sharp in 1995 and is headquartered in Boulder, CO.                                






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤



















Arisawa Mfg Co Ltd Niigata Branch in Everett, WA
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Arisawa Mfg Co  Ltd Niigata Branch, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Arisawa Mfg Co  Ltd Niigata Branch

Arisawa Mfg.co.,ltd.niigata Branch exports to Jamco America Inc through the port of Tacoma, Washington        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Arisawa Mfg Co  Ltd Niigata Branch and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 TOSHIBA ELECTROMEX.S.A. DE C.V.    
 DELL PRODUCTS
 FAMILY DOLLAR STORES,INC.
 GENERAL MOTORS CANADA LIMITED
 STARBUCKS COFFEE SEATTLE
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Arisawa Mfg Co  Ltd Niigata Branch
Arisawa Mfg.co.,ltd.niigata Branch exports to Jamco America Inc through the port of Tacoma, Washington


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



ARISAWA MFG.CO.,LTD.NIIGATA BRANCH
4-2-28,HONCHO,JOETSU-CITY, NIIGATA PREF. 943-0832 JP


JAMCO AMERICA INC
1018 80TH STREET S.W. EVERETT WA 98203 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



-NOT AVAILABLE
-NOT AVAILABLE



JAMCO AMERICA INC. MADE IN JAPAN C N.1-4
JAMCO AMERICA INC. MADE IN JAPAN C N.1-4





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



MOLU12020524239


DRYU4271488
DRYU4271488


Product Description




PANEL FOR AIRCRAFT . .
PANEL FOR AIRCRAFT . .









Bill of LadingHZOMJP1038310Arrival Date2016-10-23Weight (LB)4,147Weight (KG)1,885UnitsXQuantity4 CASContainer Count1Voyage No.002EPort of LoadingTOKYOPort of DischargeTACOMA, WASHINGTONVessel NameIKARIACarrier CodeHZOMCountry Of OriginJapanPlace Of ReceiptTOKYO 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Arisawa Mfg Co  Ltd Niigata Branch. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Arisawa Mfg Co  Ltd Niigata Branch has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Arisawa Mfg Co  Ltd Niigata Branch







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Arisawa Mfg Co  Ltd Niigata Branch
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Gm Tonawada                                



                                    Parks New Zealand Co. Ltd.                                



                                    Slp Print Ltd                                



                                    Dupps Do Brasil Ind E Com Ltda.                                



                                    Lux Los Angeles Llc                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3376
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X
















Arisawa Mfg Co Ltd (5208.T)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Arisawa Mfg Co Ltd (5208.T)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyElectronic Equipments & Parts












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				5208.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				943JPY
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥-14


					            (-1.46%)
					        






Prev Close

¥957


Open

¥956




Day's High

¥962


Day's Low

¥931




Volume

289,300


Avg. Vol

178,644




52-wk High

¥962


52-wk Low

¥489












					Full Description



		Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd. is a Japan-based manufacturing company. The Electronic Materials segment manufactures and sells electronic materials, including flexible and rigid printed wiring board (PWB) materials and glass cloths for PWBs. The Display Materials segment provides display materials, such as antireflection films, three-dimensional (3D) display filters, optical films, 3D contents and hardware, among others. The Electrical Insulating Materials segment provides electrical insulating materials. The Industrial Construction Materials segment provides industrial construction materials, such as filament winding (FW) moldings, honeycomb panels and prepregs for aircrafts, pultrusion products and fiber reinforced plastic (FRP) ski sheet. The Related Products Sale segment sells products of Electrical Insulating Materials segment and Industrial Construction Materials segment. The Others segment provides logistics services and others.
» Full Overview of 5208.T







					Company Address



Arisawa Mfg Co Ltd
1-5-5, Minamihon-choJOETSU-SHI   NGT   943-8610
P: +8125.5245121F: +8125.5241117







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Sanji Arisawa

--




							 Yuta Arisawa

--




							 Yoshihiko Toda

--




							 Osamu Nakajima

--




							 Hidetaka Nonami

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Arisawa Mfg Co Ltd News




» More 5208.T  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyElectronic Equipments & Parts




















