



Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von Annual Report. Brought to you by Global Reports - PDF





























 Log in
Registration







Search for

















Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von Annual Report. Brought to you by Global Reports



































                                                        SHARE 




                                                        HTML 




                                                        DOWNLOAD 




































                                                            Size: px
                                                        

                                                            Start display at page:
                                                        










Download "Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von Annual Report. Brought to you by Global Reports"




                                                                Error: 




 Download Document









  Megan Snow
 5 months ago                                                                                            
 Views:  











Transcription





     1 Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 Annual Report 20002 Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 BLG communications Bremen Annual Report 20003 Table of Contents Organization 4 Board of Management 4 Board of Directors 5 Advisory Board 7 Report of the Board of Management 9 Report of the Board of Directors 13 Group Management Report 15 Reporting according to segments 21 Logistics Automobile 22 Automotive Logistics, Consumer Goods, Business Electronics 26 Forestry Products 30 Project Business 32 Container EUROGATE 36 Services Information Technology 40 Consulting 43 Investments and financing 44 Statement of cash flows 44 Asset and capital structure 45 Personnel development 46 BLG LOGISTICS GROUP Consolidated Financial Statement Consolidated balance sheet 50 Consolidated profit and loss account 52 Notes to the consolidated financial statement 54 Audit opinion 64 Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 Annual Financial Statement Management report 68 Balance sheet 71 Profit and loss account 72 Notes to the annual financial statement 74 Audit opinion 79 Participations 804 Organization As the general partner, Bremer Lagerhaus- Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 manages the business of the management holding company, BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG. This is the successor to BLG Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft AG & Co. The official renaming was carried out because of the internationalization of the performance profile so as to ensure a better understanding of the name in all parts of the world. The holding company is the owner of independent subsidiaries and additionally has various operative and strategic shareholdings as do the subsidiaries themselves. The BLG LOGISTICS GROUP management holding company is responsible for performing central functions for the corporate group. The key functions are: strategic corporate development financial and investment activities strategic and corporate controlling shareholding management Group-related communication Group-related personnel and social matters Board of Management Detthold Aden Bremen Chairman Manfred Kuhr Beverstedt Deputy Chairman Emanuel Schiffer Bremerhaven Holger Wohlleben Brake Hillert Onnen Langen-Imsum Fully authorized representative 4 Organization5 Chairman, until December 31, 2000 Board of Directors Axel Weber Bremen Deputy Chairman of the Board of Management of Bremer Landesbank Kreditanstalt Oldenburg Girozentrale Organization Chairman, as of January 1, 2001 Deputy Chairman as of July 1, 2001 until June 30, 2001 until March 31, 2000 Josef Hattig Bremen Senator for Economics and Ports of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen Rainer Müller Bremen Secretary of the trade union ver.di Uwe Beckmeyer Bremerhaven Senator (retired) Holger Borchardt Langen Deputy Chairman of the works council of EUROGATE Container Terminal Bremerhaven GmbH Thomas Christian Buchbinder Bremen Deputy Chairman of the Board of Management of Bremer Landesbank Kreditanstalt Oldenburg Girozentrale Hans Driemel Langen Chairman of the Group works council of BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG Torsten Gerdes Bremen Member of the works council of BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG Ernst-Otto Krüger Bremerhaven Secretary of the trade union ver.di Dr. Arno Lehman Bremen Fully authorized representative (retired) of Bremer Landesbank Kreditanstalt Oldenburg Girozentrale Hartmut Mekelburg Bremen Chairman of the central works council of BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG Burghard Niederquell Bremerhaven Mayor and City Treasurer of the city of Bremerhaven Organization 56 Jürgen Oltmann Bremen Chairman of the Board of Management of Sparkasse in Bremen Jürgen Ortmann Bremerhaven Chairman of the works council in Bremerhaven of BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG Hartmut Perschau Bremen Mayor, Senator for Finances of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen Prof. Dr.-Ing. Thomas Rogge Bremerhaven Chief Executive Officer of Gustav W. Rogge GmbH & Co. Jürgen Roggemann Bremen Managing Partner of Erno Roggemann GmbH & Co. KG as of April 1, 2000 Jörg Schulz Bremen Lord Mayor of the city of Bremerhaven Hans-Joachim Weil Worpswede Executive with full power of representation for BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG For memberships in other bodies in accordance with Section 125 (1) sentence 3 AktG (Stock Corporation Law) see page Organization7 Advisory Board The internationally oriented strategy of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP is supported by cooperative enterprises, joint ventures and alliances. The Advisory Board, a body comprising renowned external experts, performs an advisory function in this context. Organization Members of the Advisory Board Chairman until December 31, 2000 Chairman as of January 1, 2001 Axel Weber Deputy Chairman of the Board of Management of Bremer Landesbank Kreditanstalt Oldenburg Girozentrale Josef Hattig Senator for Economics and Ports of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen Dr. Ottmar Gast Deputy Chairman of the Board of Management of Hamburg-Südamerikanische Dampfschifffahrts-Gesellschaft Eggert & Amsinck, Hamburg Prof. Dr. Bernd Gottschalk President of the Association of the Automobile Industry (VDA), Frankfurt am Main Egon H. Harms Managing Partner of E. H. Harms GmbH & Co., Stuhr-Seckenhausen Dr. Erich Hautz Head of the Central Office for Purchasing and Logistics at Siemens AG, Munich as of July 1, 2000 Dr. Bern Malmström Member of the Board of Management for freight traffic at Deutsche Bahn AG, Berlin Chairman of the Board of Management of DB CARGO, Berlin Dr. Henning Scherf Mayor and President of the Senate of the Free Hanseatic City of Bremen Organization 78 until June 30, 2000 Dr. Eberhard Sinnecker Member of the Board of Management of Deutsche Bahn AG, Berlin Dr. Frank Straube Chairman of the Board of Management of Zentrum Logistik und Unternehmensplanung GmbH, Berlin as of February 1, 2001 Prof. Dr. Günter Tumm Authorized group representative of Deutsche Post AG, Bonn Prof. Dr. Joachim Zentes University of Saarland, Institute for Trade and International Marketing, Saarbrücken 8 Organization9 Report of the Board of Management For the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP business year 2000 was absolutely a record year. We achieved volume and sales growth in all sectors and thus continued our positive development of the past years. Group sales rose by 16 percent to DM million. The consolidated financial statement shows a profit after taxes of DM 29.7 million. The key basis for the positive development in recent years is the restructuring that was completed in 1997 and implemented in a strategically effective manner beginning in The departure from a location-centered port concept and concentration on logistics perspectives in networks have generated positive impacts for all subsidiaries and shareholdings of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP. Our core competence, logistics, is given the greatest emphasis in BLG INTERNATIONAL LOGISTICS. Through specialization in Automotive Logistics, Consumer Goods and Business Electronics we serve growing sectors that basically favor our further development. Significant growth was attained in all sectors. The focus of the services (75 percent of the volume) was on Automotive Logistics, which we also support worldwide and in Europe through our shareholding DIALOG. Our main customers are DaimlerChrysler, VW and AUDI. We act as the system provider for the production of these manufacturers in several projects. In the meantime we have become an integral element and production partner for industry. Our large industrial facility in the Bremen Logistics Center, in which we harden and clean bonded body parts, as well as our preservation facilities are currently unique for a logistics provider worldwide. In the market segment of extremely advanced Automotive Logistics we have very few genuinely competent competitors, though they give rise to fierce competition in the acquisition of new orders. To round off international logistics and complete the chain of services, we established a freight forwarding joint venture, BLG LESCHACO Logistics GmbH (BLL). BLL launched operative business at the beginning of this year and has already processed a number of specific orders. These business activities are supplemented by the recent establishment of BLG LESCHACO Logistics of South Africa Pty. Ltd. with headquarters in Johannesburg and branches in Port Elizabeth and East London. One of the focal points of the services provided by our Automotive Logistics is in South Africa. Foundation initiative As the Board of Management of Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft, we have decided that the company shall take part in the foundation initiative of the German industry entitled "Remembrance, Responsibility and the Future". Organization Organization 910 With over million finished vehicles BLG AUTOMOBILE LOGISTICS again surpassed the record level of the previous year slightly and maintained its position as the market leader among European automobile ports. The weak domestic demand, which led to declining imports, contrasted with a strong rise in exports. The result in volume was additionally supported by substantially increasing business with used cars as well as in the "high & heavy segment. We responded to the changes in the automobile markets by establishing BLG AUTOMOBILE LOGISTICS Italia S.r.l. Operation of the new Auto Terminal in Gioia Tauro commenced in September last year. The objective is to set up a transshipment hub there for the entire Mediterranean region. The central location in this region offers the ideal basis for this in terms of transport geography. As a transshipment center, Gioia Tauro is a strategic investment in the future that will unfold its effect in the medium term. The target handling volume is 500,000 vehicles a year. The predominantly conventionally operating companies, BLG FOREST LOGISTICS and in particular BLG PROJECT LOGISTICS, benefited from the upswing in their respective markets last year. The cargo handling volumes rose considerably and both companies achieved positive results. However, good returns on capital cannot be attained at present because of the market conditions and the resulting fierce competition. Our base in Russia, in the form of BLG EAST EUROPEAN LOGISTICS, represents a strategic move. However, the market holds considerable risks and development cannot yet be assessed reliably. BLG DATA SERVICES develops a new focal point of services in the modern e-business sector. Internet applications play a major role here. This development is strengthened through shareholdings in two other companies. Changing the name of Port and Transport Consulting Bremen GmbH (PTC) to BLG CONSULT GmbH is linked to extension of our performance profile to include Logistics and Business Development. This broadens the business base of the company and will foster further development. 10 Organization11 BLG COLDSTORE LOGISTICS GmbH has been a new member of the group of 100% subsidiaries since the end of It was created out of Bremerhavener Kühlhäuser Frigoscandia GmbH, in which we held 40 percent of the shares. The contracts with partner Frigoscandia elapsed at the end of 2000 and were not extended by mutual agreement. BLG COLDSTORE LOGISTICS runs the cold store at the Bremerhaven Container Terminal. In spring 2000 an annex was officially opened. To strengthen our international presence, we renamed the holding company BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG. We have been operating externally with this name for around two years. The renaming of the company made improvement of the linguistic understanding in the international market official on the basis of commercial law. In business year 2000 development of the volume handled by the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP was also supported very strongly by container business on the basis of the high degree of containerization in maritime traffic. In Bremerhaven the cargo handled by the end of the year totaled nearly 2.71 million standard containers (TEU). This corresponded to a growth rate of 25.8 percent over Currently Bremerhaven has the strongest growth among container ports in northern Europe. The joint venture EUROGATE performs a key function in the development of container transport under the roof of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP. Departure from the traditional, exclusively location-based orientation clearly manifests itself in the successful development of this enterprise. The cargo handling volume of the terminal network with its focal points in northern Europe and in the Mediterranean rose by 20.5 percent to around 7.66 million TEU last year. All locations recorded overproportional growth. As far as the question of the location of a German deepwater port is concerned, we welcome the location decision in favor of the JadeWeserPort made at the end of March this year. Wilhelmhaven s advantages are obvious. We clearly preferred this location because of the existing nautical qualities with a water depth of meters and future development options with respect to the available areas. Furthermore, we require additional terminal capacity by 2010 at the latest due to strong growth at the container terminals in Bremerhaven and Hamburg. Including project stages CT IIIa and CT IV, Bremerhaven will then be at full capacity utilization despite all the optimization measures. Wilhelmshaven is an ideal complement to our terminals in Bremerhaven and Hamburg. In addition, however, further adaptation of the navigation channels in the Outer Weser and in the Elbe is urgently necessary. Bremerhaven and Hamburg have to be able to serve the large standard vessels operating in container transport independent of the tide. For this reason we need a water depth of over 15 meters under chart datum. Organization Organization 11 12 The success of the strategic development of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP is very substantially based on our capability of forming alliances and acquiring shareholdings. We will continue to pursue this course in a vigorous manner. The fact that we are able to show impressive results for business year 2000 is also due to the constructive cooperation with our works councils and in particular to the quality and commitment of our employees. Overall, the year 2000 was an extremely gratifying and successful business year for the corporate group. This cannot be explained alone by the good conditional framework in the world economy and the resulting generally positive market development. The BLG LOGISTICS GROUP and thus the Ports of Bremen and Bremerhaven as well have grown to a significantly overproportional extent and achieved clear market share gains. Since the annual financial statement of Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 is decisive for the appropriation of net income, we propose to the shareholders meeting, in agreement with the Board of Directors, that a dividend of eight percent be distributed. Furthermore, it possible to make a special distribution to an amount of DM 5.07 per share for business year It results from the corporate tax credit of the company, which is paid out on the basis of the conditions that have changed through the tax reform in order to secure the assets for the company and its shareholders. We thank our shareholders for the trust they place in the company. We are convinced that we will be able to justify this trust in full through continued successful development in the future as well. 12 Organization13 Report of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors has followed and supported the development of BLG Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877, the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG and its shareholdings at five meetings in business year 2000 and performed the tasks for which it is responsible according to law and the by-laws in full. The body placed emphasis on the strategic orientation, which is primarily expressed in new shareholdings and changes in the shareholding relationships. Key factors included the establishment of BLG AUTOMOBILE LOGISTICS Italia and the building of the new Auto Terminal in Gioia Tauro, the establishment of the joint venture BLL (BLG LESCHACO Logistics) to expand the profile of logistics services of BLG INTERNATIONAL LOGISTICS and the formation of BLG COLDSTORE LOGISTICS as a hundred percent subsidiary of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP. The Board of Directors additionally dealt intensively with development in the individual divisions, with medium-term corporate planning as well as with risk-conscious corporate control. The Board of Management informed the body regularly and comprehensively, both in writing and orally, of the development of the earnings and financial situation as well as all major business transactions. The following committees exist in the Board of Directors: personnel committee, balance sheet committee and mediation committee in accordance with Section 27 (3) of the Codetermination Law (Mitbestimmungsgesetz). The annual financial statement, the management report, the consolidated financial statement and the group management report as well as the proposal of the Board of Management for the appropriation of the balance sheet net income for 2000, including the special distribution, were examined by the Board of Directors. FIDES Treuhandgesellschaft Reifenrath & Co. Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft Steuerberatungsgesellschaft, Bremen, the auditing firm selected by the shareholders meeting for the annual audit, took part in the balance sheet meeting of the Board of Directors and in the preparatory meeting of the balance sheet committee of the Board of Directors through its legal representatives and reported on the main results of the annual audit. The Board of Directors took note of and endorsed the annual financial statement. The auditor of the financial statements had certified his report on his audit of the annual financial statements with an audit opinion without any qualification. On the basis of flawless audits and results, the Board of Directors approved the annual financial statement drawn up by the Board of Management. The Board of Directors also examined the report on the relations to affiliated companies prepared by the Board of Management in accordance with Section 312 AktG and took note of and endorsed the audit report prepared by the auditor of the financial statements in this context. The audit report contains the following auditor opinion: "According to our proper audit and assessment, we confirm that 1. the actual contents of the report are correct: 2. the performance of the company in the legal transactions indicated in the report was not inappropriately high or disadvantages were compensated for. Organization In the final audit by the Board of Directors no objections to the declaration of the Board of Management on the relations to affiliated companies resulted at the end of its report. Organization 13 14 Mr. Axel Weber resigned from his office as chairman of the Board of Directors, effective as of December 31, 2000, on the basis of his retirement from the body. The Board of Directors designated Senator Josef Hattig, Bremen, as its chairman for the remaining term in office. The body acknowledges that the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP showed considerable and successful commitment in pursuing its strategic goals, which is demonstrated clearly in all key company figures. This also includes the securing of existing and creation of new jobs. The Board of Directors would like to thank the Board of Management and the works council for the successful work they performed in business year 2000 and explicitly extends its recognition of the efforts made by the employees of the BLG Group. Bremen, June 2001 The Board of Directors Josef Hattig, Chairman Global view 14 Organization 15 Group Management Report Economic background The BLG LOGISTICS GROUP with its core competencies is involved in the international market as an efficient provider of logistics services. The worldwide procurement, production and sales strategies of large companies that are required due to globalization depend on logistically reliable operational processes (supply chains). The BLG Group, with its service focal points, has successfully established itself in this new and growing worldwide market. This is reflected in the significant growth of the company. The official renaming of the management holding company BLG Bremer Lagerhaus- Gesellschaft AG & Co. to BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG (BLG LOGISTICS GROUP), initiated in 2000, gives consideration to the expansive international commitment of the BLG Group. Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877, which is quoted on the stock exchange, operates unchanged as general partner and manager of the management holding company BLG LOGISTICS GROUP (KG limited partnership). The city of Bremen also remains sole limited partner of the holding company. The leading economic institutes have adjusted their forecasts for the current year downwards with respect to growth of the world economy and economic development in Germany and Europe. The declining trends in the USA and Japan are explicitly mentioned as the reason for this international development. The EU Commission therefore forecasts weak growth of 3.3 percent for the world economy and 2.8 percent for the European Union this year in its assessment of April Growth of 2.2 percent is predicted for the German economy. The effects of the forecast development were not observed in the business activities of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP in the 1st quarter of All business fields remained on a solid growth course. Since we develop our business activities in the international market, however, impairments for the further course of the year cannot be ruled out due to the general economic development. Group Management Report Group Management Report 1516 Business development Group sales increased by 16 percent to DM million in business year With a total volume of goods of 31.2 million tons of general cargo 25.4 percent growth was achieved at the logistics centers and terminals of the BLG Group. The dynamic and expansive development of the Group is based on the restructuring that was completed in It provides the corporate basis according to commercial law for consistent implementation of the new corporate strategy, which is expressed particularly in logistic alliances, joint ventures and cooperation. An excellent example of how the company has pursued its strategic course is the Bremen- Hamburg joint venture, EUROGATE, which was established with headquarters in Bremen in 1999 on the basis of the container activities of BLG, Bremen, and those of EUROKAI, Hamburg. As a result, the traditional location concept was transformed into a modern and market-oriented network strategy with a European dimension. The significantly overproportional growth at all locations is evidence of the effectiveness of the network strategy, also in container business. Another example is the establishment of an automobile terminal in Gioia Tauro in southern Italy in business year The two partners, BLG AUTOMOBILE LOGISTICS (51%) and CONTSHIP Italia (49%), jointly established for this purpose BLG AUTOMOBILE LOGISTICS Italia S.r.l. Modelled after Bremerhaven as a hub for international trade with finished vehicles in northern Europe, Gioia Tauro will perform a comparable function for the entire Mediterranean region in the medium term. The terminal in Gioia Tauro launched operations in September Group Management Report17 The extension of the performance profile is supplemented by the recent takeover of a technical center for technical services on vehicles in Bremerhaven. As a consequence, we have gained a major additional competence in the automobile sector that we can also make use of at the new terminal in Gioia Tauro. Through this takeover the workforce of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP has increased by around 150 employees. Also of great importance for the development of the vertical range of logistics service is the establishment of the freight forwarding company BLG LESCHACO Logistics GmbH (BLL), Bremen. The company started up operative business at the beginning of BLL is a joint venture of BLG INTERNATIONAL LOGISTICS and the renowned Bremerhaven freight forwarding group, Lexzau, Scharbau GmbH & Co. The objective of this newly established enterprise is to round off BLG s chain of logistics services. In the meantime BLL has its own branch office in South Africa, i.e. BLG LESCHACO Logistics of South Africa Pty. Ltd., with headquarters in Johannesburg and branches in East London and Port Elizabeth. Furthermore, there were other shareholdings, takeovers and changes in the shareholding relationships in business year 2000 as well as in the course of this year. This will be examined in more detail in the segment reporting of this business report. The positive development of results in the BLG Group was continued in business year 2000 with a substantial rise in the surplus in the Group s profit and loss account over the previous year. The result also benefited from the unique opportunity of realizing a corporate tax credit to the amount of around DM 4 million, which we would like to pass on to our shareholders in the form of a special distribution. Overall, the year 2000 was an extraordinarily successful business year. The BLG LOGISTICS GROUP and thus the Ports of Bremen and Bremerhaven as well have undergone overproportionate growth and attained significant gains in market shares. This is also clearly reflected in the financial result of our corporate group. Group Management Report Group Management Report 1718 Risks of future development For the BLG Group responsible handling of possible risks from operative activities on the part of our subsidiaries is an integral part of corporate action and an essential basis for all strategic decisions. To achieve our goals, the broad spectrum of our logistics service processes requires early identification of potential threats. This is done within the framework of continuous risk controlling as well as risk management and reporting that are appropriate to the corporate structure. In the framework of the established control and monitoring systems, operational risks are identified and assessed systematically according to the requirements of Kon TraG (Law on Control and Transparency within Businesses) at all levels of performance and responsibility. Special focus here is placed on maintaining functional IT systems and their continuous further development. The use of reliable software as well as the selection and training of qualified personnel are major elements of our risk management system. At the same time the organizational structure of our Group guarantees a flexible response to changes in conditions in the world economy and sector-specific developments at all times. The formulation of risk policy principles and result-oriented control of the total risk are the responsibility of the Board of Management of BLG AG. The Board of Management regularly informs the Board of Directors on risk-relevant decisions with respect to proper compliance with its corporate responsibility. Our Internal Auditing Department is integrated into risk communication within the BLG Group as a monitoring body independent of processes. Thanks to intensive preparation and successful adjustment of our administrative and operative systems, the move into the new millennium was completed successfully in all divisions. 18 Group Management Report19 The Euro will be introduced in the BLG GROUP as the Group currency on January 1, The necessary system adjustments are currently being intensively prepared by a project group assigned Group-wide. According to an overall analysis, no risks are seen for the current situation or the future development of our company at present. Rather, the solid financial endowment and our established position in the worldwide logistics market offer good prospects of successful continuation of our initiated growth strategy. However, we are indirectly exposed to the respective risk environment of the BLG companies through our subsidiaries. On the basis of the corporate structure, therefore, burdens may result due to legal or contractual liability relationships. At the beginning of the new business year the Bremen port authority transformed the dock charges previously charged under public law into private charges and transferred the related charges due to repair and maintenance as well as dock use to the individual port companies involved. This change in law as well as the intensifying competition between the port locations in northern Europe may, indeed, have an influence on the profit situation in our core activities, i.e. cargo handling and storage. Competition with competing ports has substantially increased for automobile transshipment in Bremerhaven in business year We respond to this development with market-oriented and comprehensive logistics services that ensure strong customer loyalty. In the Automotive Logistics segment the automobile manufacturers, whose numbers are declining worldwide, tend to be subjected to economic fluctuations and possibly shorter product life cycles with growing cost pressure at the same time. The persistent process of concentration in the automobile industry with its impacts on competition and the price structure for comprehensive logistics services will continue to represent a major challenge for this division in future. Group Management Report Group Management Report 1920 The future development of our joint venture EUROGATE is affected by an increase in consortium agreements between shipping companies with relatively short terms of contract for container handling. The creation and utilization of additional cargo handling capacity in Hamburg will lead to increased competitive pressure on the German container terminals in the medium term. Due to the natural growth in volume resulting from the increase in international flows of goods and far-reaching enhancement of efficiency in vessel clearance, however, another improvement in results is forecast for business year 2001 by the Management. Our globally oriented growth strategy involves targeted investments in selected markets and technologies as well as in permanent expansion of the performance profiles of our subsidiaries and provision of the necessary resources. As in all forward-looking commitments, imponderables in the achievement of medium-term goals cannot be completely ruled out. Outlook Since the transport and logistics needs increase more rapidly than production against the background of the continuing process of globalization, considerably higher growth rates may continue to be realized in the sector than in the world economy as a whole. This also applies in particular to the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP, which demonstrates through its overproportional growth that with its successful strategy and performance profile it belongs to the top group in the sector. However, euphoric expectations cannot be justified. Leaps in growth and top results as in business year 2000 with a growth of over 25 percent in the volume of goods and a doubling of the Group profit cannot be repeated this year despite all efforts. The quantitative development will also show its effects in the financial result. Based on the volume of goods, the expectation of achieving a two-digit growth rate is certainly realistic, however. 20 Group Management Report21 Reporting according to segments In accordance with Section 297 (1) sentence 2 of the German Commercial Code (HGB), the following information is provided regarding the segments: Logistics Container Services/ Group Consolidation TDM* TDM TDM TDM Sales proceeds 270, ,247 2, ,608 EBITDA 29,317 42, ,448 in % of sales 10.8% 13.0% no data 12.0% Group Management Report Depreciation -19,568-22,100-4,182-45,850 (excluding financial assets) EBIT 9,749 20,031-4,182 25,598 Financial result -5,164-7,374 1,742-10,796 Result from associated companies 124 4, ,459 Result from other shareholdings ,047 7,545 EBT 5,036 16,881 4,889 26,806 Corporation income tax ,850 2,275 Net income for the year 5,036 16,306 7,739 29,081 Shares of third parties Group result 5,554 16,306 7,819 29,679 Return on sales 2.1% 5.0% no data 5.0% Share of Group result 18.7% 54.9% 26.3% 100.0% Other items without effect on payments -2,374 3,776 1,257 2,659 Assets (incl. shareholdings) 326, , , ,895 Investments in long-term assets 35,666 33,579 9,476 78,721 Liabilities 75, ,004-32, ,856 * in thousand DM The explanations on the segments and segment data are provided on page 63. Group Management Report 21 22 Explanation In the reporting on the segments the business activities of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP are allocated to the three service fields Logistics, Container and Services according to the corporate structure. In the Logistics sector the development of the operative companies is described to the extent they are pure subsidiaries of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP. The container business of the Group is represented by the joint venture EUROGATE (50%). In the reporting on segments the term Services not only stands for the service companies of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP, but also for Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 and the management holding company as well as their other shareholdings. Logistics Logistics services are performed by the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP with the following companies: BLG AUTOMOBILE LOGISTICS, BLG INTERNATIONAL LOGISTICS, BLG PROJECT LOGISTICS, BLG FOREST LOGISTICS as well as their holding companies and BLG COLDSTORE LOGISTICS. The latter was created out of the shareholding in Bremerhavener Kühlhäuser Frigoscandia GmbH at the end of 2000 and is therefore not treated in detail yet. Automobile The positive development in the international vehicle trade also continued in business year Due to the continuing demand for German motor vehicles, exports rose by 9.7 percent. Imports, by contrast, declined by 7.9 percent. A total of 1,072,924 vehicles (+0.6%) were handled at the Bremerhaven Auto Terminal. Special impulses came from European traffic. This confirmed the position of the market leader. 22 Group Management Report     23 Group Management Report 2324 One of the focal points was the development of additional value added activities in supplementing core business. The freight forwarding services especially and also technical work on the vehicles within the framework of care programs and individual extras for imported vehicles have undergone a substantially positive development. A focus of investment in the year 2000 was the further development of the IT systems. The changeover of the IT systems to Web capability was launched with an eye to future demands within the framework of e-commerce and e-business. The workforce was increased by 28 to 454 employees in the year under report due to the good employment situation. Of the total staff, 54 were employed in the commercial departments and 400 had blue-collar positions. In addition, around 200 employees of the labor force pool GHB (port operation association for all ports in the federal state of Bremen) were assigned on a daily average according to need. The teamwork introduced in the previous year was supported by extensive training programs within the framework of the certified quality (DIN ISO 9001). Continuation of employment at the high level of the previous year is expected for the business year. Furthermore, sales and marketing activities within the framework of the hub port strategy have led to the acquisition of new business with DaimlerChrysler, the VW Group and the Wallenius Wilhelmsen shipping company. 24 Group Management Report 25 Positioning as a service provider with control of complex processes has met with great acceptance on the market and is being intensively further developed. Projects with DaimlerChrysler and the importer of Mitsubishi vehicles are aimed at the performance of additional logistics services. Expansion of the vertical range of services with entry into vehicle technology is also pursued according to this logistics strategy. Through the takeover of a technical center in Bremerhaven a new area of competence was integrated into the performance profile that can be implemented excellently at the new Auto Terminal in Gioia Tauro. The new company, BLG AutoTec GmbH & Co. KG, is a subsidiary of BLG AUTOMOBILE LOGISTICS. Through the development of IT systems with Web capability Bremerhaven s position as market leader is further strengthened. Pieces 1,200,000 1,000,000 Group Management Report The startup of operation of the terminal run by BLG AUTOMOBILE LOGISTICS Italia in Gioia Tauro represents a significant milestone within the framework of the hub port strategy for Europe. Commencement of a scheduled feeder service in cooperation with the E. H. Harms Group for the eastern Mediterranean provides the prerequisites for development of attractive logistics concepts for the Mediterranean region. Increasing acceptance on the part of the established shipping companies has led to on-schedule development of the new terminal. 800, , , , Group Management Report 25 26 Automotive Logistics, Consumer Goods, Business Electronics The expansive corporate strategy of BLG INTERNATIONAL LOGISTICS was successfully continued in business year 2000 with significant sales growth. The business volume for logistics services was able to be increased for nonfood articles through quantitative growth resulting from positive development of the domestic market and for Business Electronics through newly acquired business. In Automotive Logistics the positive business trend was supported by the rising markets in South Africa and South America as well as by the high demand for the new C class model from DaimlerChrysler. After the change in model of the Mercedes C class consolidation logistics for worldwide parts supply started up on schedule. In the further course of the year the vertical range of services developed to such an overproportionate extent that the planned sales volume was surpassed. In autumn consolidation and parts supply were taken over as a further service segment for production in Brazil. Through the launch of parts logistics for the new C class production-related functions were integrated into the service process by applying new, technologically more sophisticated preservation techniques for unfinished components, thus extending the vertical range of services. In addition, a technical facility for hardening bonded unfinished components was incorporated for worldwide supply of DaimlerChrysler assembly plants so the vertical range of services was expanded towards the production sector. 26 Group Management Report     27 Group Management Report 2728 To supplement in-house business activities, BLG LESCHACO Logistics GmbH (BLL), Bremen, was established as a joint venture together with Lexzau, Scharbau GmbH & Co., Bremen, in November The object of this move is to provide freight forwarding in the business sectors Automotive Logistics, Consumer Goods and Business Electronics in addition to logistics in these sectors outside Europe as well. The number of employed staff members increased in the year under report by 81 to 462 employees on the basis of the good employment situation. Of these, 85 had white-collar and 377 blue-collar positions. Furthermore, around 270 employees of the GHB were assigned on a daily average according to need. 32 employees were taking part in vocational training. Investments were not only made in enhancement of efficiency and quality, but above all in the expansion of logistics service capacity. The investments primarily consisted of extensions at the Logistics Center Bremen in the form of a new building with an area of 30,000 square meters, including an office building. 28 Group Management Report29 The worldwide growth in the Automotive Logistics market is strengthened by the decentralization of production locations of the automobile industry. For BLG INTERNATIONAL LOGISTICS as a renowned provider of holistic, highly intelligent logistics system chains with a pronounced vertical range of services and extensive provision of resources there are very good prospects of expanding existing business and acquiring new business. Thus, the objective is to continue the expansive course and strengthen the international presence. A holding company was established in East London in spring 2001 as the basis for entry into the growing logistics market for supplying plants with automotive products in South Africa. Further target markets include in particular South America, Asia and North America. Group Management Report Group Management Report 2930 Forestry products In business year 2000 the leading competitive position at the Bremen location was maintained. Compared to 1999, there was an upward trend that was reflected in the tonnage, sales and year-end result. The volume in the plywood sector increased considerably, which can be essentially attributed to the link to the Brazilian market which was already initiated in the previous year. The handling of sawn timber also recovered well with a substantial increase in revenues. The previous year s level was improved in the paper and pulp sector as well. Major new business was acquired through the export of used paper to Turkey. BLG FOREST LOGISTICS is a shareholder (50%) of Hansa Marine Logistics GmbH, Bremen. The company performs agency functions and expands the spectrum of services. Furthermore, there is a 50-percent shareholding in ELS European Logistic Services GmbH, Bremen, which runs a forestry product terminal in the Bremen Industriehafen. The joint venture BLG East European Logistics (EEL) in Bremen and Moscow as well as a branch in Novgorod are managed together with BLG PROJECT LOGISTICS. The company is involved in preparation, development and implementation of logistics concepts for goods of all kinds. Since October 2000 EEL has been in the process of acquiring new business and building up further business connections. In general, the commitment in the CIS is a strategic move into a market that currently cannot be assessed reliably. The number of employees in the year under report was 85 persons. Of those, 18 worked in white-collar and 67 in blue-collar positions. In addition, there were 10 GHB employees on a daily average. The high training level of the workforce ensures a high standard of quality of the services. The South East Asia route will be expanded in the coming year. 30 Group Management Report     31 Group Management Report 31 32 Project business Supported by the dollar and oil price development, the year 2000 was characterized by a significant upward trend in the pipes and steel sector. Plant construction, by contrast, underwent rather restrained development. In this case financing difficulties on the part of importers are the reason for longer and longer lead times or even freezing of planned projects. The overall cargo volume in the conventional sector still hardly suffices to ensure good capacity utilization at the BLG PROJECT LOGISTICS terminals. Fierce competition continues to prevail in the conventional market, affected by substantial price pressure on the part of shipping companies and competitive ports. 32 Group Management Report     33 Konzernlagebericht Group Management Report 3334 The joint venture BLG East European Logistics (EEL) in Bremen and Moscow as well as a branch in Novgorod are managed together with BLG PROJECT LOGISTICS. The company is involved in preparation, development and implementation of logistics concepts for goods of all kinds. Since October 2000 EEL has been in the process of acquiring new business and building up further business connections. In general, the commitment in the CIS is a strategic move into a market that currently cannot be assessed reliably. The company employed 120 persons in the year under report. Of those, 22 worked in white-collar and 98 in blue-collar positions. In addition, 15 GHB employees were assigned on a daily average. Continuing training courses ensure a high standard of quality of the company services. 34 Group Management Report35 The performance profile of BLG PROJECT LOGISTICS will be expanded through additional shareholdings in order to strengthen its market position. The prospects for the current year indicate a relatively stable course of economic activity at the previous year s level. There are still positive trends in the steel and pipes sector, particularly in the case of oil price stability at a high level. In general, business development indicates a result at least at the previous year s level. Group Management Report Group Management Report 35 36 Container The container business of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP is handled completely by the joint venture EUROGATE. The EUROGATE Group was established on September 1, 1999, retroactively effective as of the beginning of the year. In this process the container activities of BLG were combined with those of the Hamburg EUROKAI Group as well as their domestic and foreign shareholdings, forming EUROGATE GmbH & Co. KgaA, KG with headquarters in Bremen, in which the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP holds a 50-percent share. The object of establishing this new company is to build up a Europe-wide terminal network for international container transport. Through EUROGATE a complex performance profile covering market needs was created that no other competitor can offer in this special transport sector. On the basis of this "Unique Selling Position", there are very good development prospects that the new company has consistently built up now in the second business year. The total container handling volume in the network was 7.66 million TEU, 20.5 percent above the 1999 level. The network encompasses container terminals in Bremerhaven, Hamburg, Gioia Tauro, La Spezia and Lisbon. With all its terminals EUROGATE is the market leader in Europe. Furthermore, the company is involved in the Sepetiba container terminal (Brazil). The performance profile of the Group goes far beyond the operation of container terminals and includes intermodal networking via rail, road and sea as well as contract logistics and freight forwarding activities in container business, container depots, repair and packing enterprises. In addition, highly qualified technical services are offered for in-house and affiliated companies of the Group as well as for external customers. 36 Group Management Report     37 Group Management Report 37 38 TEU 3,000,000 2,500,000 2,000,000 1,500,000 1,000,000 The commitment with North Sea Terminal Bremerhaven GmbH & Co. (NTB), which is run as a joint venture by EUROGATE and Maersk Deutschland GmbH, is part of the EUROGATE Group. The alliance already existed with the former BLG Container GmbH & Co. and was integrated into the new corporate group through the establishment of EUROGATE. NTB operates Container Terminal III in Bremerhaven independently. Through the NTB joint venture the largest container shipping company in the world has made a long-term commitment to Bremerhaven and gives the location strong positive impulses. The strong growth in Bremerhaven urgently necessitates expansion of cargo handling capacity with the two planned project stages CT IIIa and CT IV by the year 2005 in order not to jeopardize further development at this location. The two measures would increase the number berths by 4 to a total of 14 for large container vessels. However, this capacity expansion will be fully utilized by the end of this decade at the latest. This applies with average growth rates between seven and eight percent, which are forecast for long-term world container traffic. Higher growth rates, as currently, would lead to an even earlier exhaustion of terminal capacity. The situation in Hamburg is similar. There, too, the expansion potential of the EUROGATE terminal is limited and will also be exhausted towards the end of this decade, particularly in view of current growth. This applies to both locations even with consistent implementation of all conceivable optimization measures and productivity improvements. The ideal complement to Bremerhaven and Hamburg in the long run is the construction of the JadeWeserPort which has now been decided on, i.e. the new German deepwater container terminal in Wilhelmshaven. Agreement on this was reached by the mayors of Bremen and Hamburg together with the Minister President of Lower Saxony at the end of March this year. 500, Group Management Report39 Bremen and Hamburg link their decision in favor of construction of the JadeWeserPort to the demand that the container terminals at both locations be further expanded and the navigation channels in the Elbe and Outer Weser be deepened again by 1.50 meters to over 15 meters below chart datum and this must be done prior to completion of the JadeWeserPort. This is important for maintaining competitiveness because vessels with a cargo capacity of up to 8,000 TEU are already standard size in container traffic. The ships have to be able to call at the large container gateways in Bremerhaven and Hamburg at any time, independent of the tide. The EUROGATE Group has a total of 3,896 employees, of whom 2,378 are employed in Bremen, Bremerhaven and Hamburg. In addition, there are 350 GHB employees on a daily average. The business risks facing EUROGATE are very closely connected to the question of whether the foreseeable capacity bottlenecks can be countered in time through rapid expansion of the terminals and adjustment of the navigation channels. Another factor is the competitive behavior of the European port operators, who compete very strongly via the price and thus initiate corresponding impacts not only on their own business results. However, this risk is not very great in view of the complex performance profile of EUROGATE and the related high degree of competitiveness. The further development of the EUROGATE Group, of course, primarily depends on the demand in the international container shipping sector. Two-digit growth rates cannot be repeated at will in this market. Overall, however, EUROGATE s market position absolutely justifies optimistic forecasts. Therefore, medium-term planning not only assumes a substantial growth in volume, but also a positive development of results. Group Management Report Group Management Report 3940 Services The Services segment encompasses the service companies that do not conduct operative business themselves. This also includes the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP, BLG CONSULT and BLG DATA SERVICES as well as further shareholdings of the holding company. Since these shareholdings do not have a significant influence on the business result of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP, separate reporting is not carried out. Information technology BLG DATA SERVICES provides services in the information technology and telecommunications sector. The company is an IT provider for all enterprises in the BLG Group as well as for external clients. In the sophisticated IT sector the latest developments must be mastered and integrated into the information and communication systems, taking into account economic aspects. The range of services encompasses: IT consulting, development of logistic IT systems, Internet/Intranet services and standard information and communication systems. In addition, these systems are operated on different platforms. Supplementary services include user support and training. 40 Group Management Report     41 Group Management Report 4142 Business year 2000 began with a smooth transition into the new millennium with all IT components. In the area of further development and operation of logistics information systems various modules for the Internet platform were developed so as to further optimize the market position of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP as a competent provider of logistics services. Furthermore, Internet and Intranet services, such as "e-shop" and "Blackboard", were developed. Another focal point was the integration of mobile terminals into the Internet services. In the administrative field work was carried out on the introduction of new SAP R/3 modules and existing modules were further developed. Investments were predominantly made in hardware infrastructure and the BLG network. Special focus is placed on consistently extending and implementing the e-business strategy of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP. For this purpose the logistics IT systems are further developed for the Internet platform. The Internet/Intranet services and the technological, mobile components are expanded further. The shareholdings in Loon Logistics Offer and order.net GmbH & Co. KG and Stedinger Logistics Services GmbH promote the e-business strategy. The development and introduction of additional SAP R/3 modules are another focal point. In the current business year the currency changeover to the Euro is another project. The external orientation to an increase in external sales is being pursued vigorously. Major sales potential is seen in the field of e-business and the Internet. The company had 42 employees in the year under report. The training measures for the staff in particular the Internet, programming languages, standard software, network and Unix server technology examine the latest developments in IT technology and strengthen the performance profile in this field. 42 Group Management Report 43 Consulting BLG CONSULT provides consulting services to companies in the transportation industry, particularly port management in Germany and abroad, as well as authorities, port administration offices and other institutions involved in technical and/or commercial and organizational planning and development of cargo handling and transport systems and logistics. Furthermore, the company supports its customers in the implementation of such projects. Group Management Report Renaming the former Port and Transport Consulting Bremen GmbH (PTC) to BLG CONSULTING GmbH took place in April This was connected with an extension of the performance profile to include the fields of Logistics and Business Development. Group Management Report 4344 Investments and Financing As consistent implementation of our corporate strategy, which is geared to growth in all viable fields of business, the BLG Group invested a total of DM 78.7 million (previous year: DM 90.2 million) in business year Of the additions to fixed assets in the year under report, DM 68.9 million were allotted to tangible assets and further DM 7.3 million essentially to continuous further development of the IT and control systems. Special focus here was placed on procurement of state-ofthe-art container handling facilities as well as expansion of outdoor and indoor space capacity in order to enhance the competitiveness of our range of logistics services. Statement of cash flows TDM TDM Net income for the year before profit withdrawals of the shareholders 29,081 14,242 Depreciation on fixed assets 46,853 41,084 Change in accruals 7,082-1,008 Other expenses and income without effect on payments (balance) -1, Income from sales of fixed assets -2,426-4,047 Change in inventories, trade receivables and other assets -14,939 24,710 Decrease in trade payables and other liabilities -20,165-14,877 Cash flow from current business activity 43,488 60,495 Payments received from sales of tangible assets, intangible assets and financial assets 25,172 13,638 Payments made for repair costs Payments made for investments -78,721-90,237 Funds received for investment 5,789 0 Cash flow from investment activity -48,123-76,890 Payments made for dividends and withdrawals -7,132-8,457 Payments made/received due to financial assets in the framework of short-term financial planning -40,000 26,141 Payments received from financial loans 57,500 2,892 Payments received from loans from affiliated enterprises 34,000 0 Payments made for repayment of financial loans -26,469 0 Cash flow from financing activity 17,899 20,576 Changes in financial resource fund with effect on payments 13,264 4,181 Financial resource fund at beginning of business year 5,780 1,599 Financial resource fund at end of business year 19,044 5,780 Make-up of the financial resource fund Liquid funds 21,992 11,797 Short-term liabilities to banks -2,948-6,017 19,044 5, Group Management Report45 Asset and Capital Structure Asset and capital structure Assets million DM million DM Fixed assets Inventories 6 8 Accounts receivable Liquid funds Group Management Report Balance sheet total Equity and liabilities Equity Accruals Financial liabilities Other liabilities Balance sheet total The advances in sales development and increase in earning power achieved through our growth strategy are reflected in the annual balance sheet of the BLG Group for business year The consolidated balance sheet also contains the fifty-percent share of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP in the EUROGATE Group. The balance sheet growth in the year under report was over seven percent. The share of the balance sheet total accounted for by fixed assets declined in comparison to the previous year to 76 percent and is sufficiently covered by equity and long-term borrowed funds. The equity ratio, including reported special items, rose to 47 percent because of the good Group result. Our asset and capital structure offers a good perspective for continuation of our acquisition and expansion efforts in the growing worldwide logistics market. Group Management Report 4546 Personnel Development More so than companies in many other sectors, a service enterprise depends on the quality of its staff. Therefore, committed productivity- and quality-oriented work in partially autonomous teams is a key prerequisite for the competitiveness of all companies in the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP. This is consistently promoted through the personnel policy. In the year 2000 training was continued unchanged. In December a total of 79 trainees and persons doing retraining were employed in eight different occupations. New trainees are to be hired in 2001 as IT specialists for system administration as well as for application development. In addition to a wide variety of individual training and further education programs for employees at all levels and in all companies, a total of 25 internal courses took place in 2000, 8 of them concerning managerial topics for executives and 17 for the training of IT user programs. The employees of the GHB labor force pool are fully integrated into the organization of the productive work teams. On average, 500 GHB employees were assigned daily in all BLG companies. They supplemented the number of in-house employees according to need. Including GHB staff assigned to EUROGATE, there are a total of around 700 GHB employees working in the BLG Group. To enhance the satisfaction of the employees, the Social Future Concept was implemented. Now over half of the workforce of the entire BLG Group is integrated in this concept for the improvement of the pension scheme, which includes an old age provisions plan and a bonus plan. Furthermore, a junior manager program was redesigned in 2000 in which a total of twelve young employees from various fields are prepared for executive responsibilities through project work and specific training courses. The Assessment Center is increasingly used as an instrument for filling vacant internal and external positions in order to achieve higher standards of quality in staffing. 46 Group Management Report47 Company BLG HOLDING BLG AUTOMOBILE LOGISTICS BLG INTERNATIONAL LOGISTICS BLG FOREST LOGISTICS BLG PROJECT LOGISTICS BLG COLDSTORE LOGISTICS 24 BLG DATA SERVICES BLG CONSULT 7 7 Miscellaneous Trainees Group Management Report Total 1,438 1,395 EUROGATE (Bremen/Bremerhaven/Hamburg) 2,378 2,210 Group Management Report 4748 BLG LOGISTICS GROUP Consolidated Financial Statement Consolidated Financial Statement 2000 49 Consolidated Financial Statement 2000 Consolidated Financial Statement50 Consolidated Balance Sheet, December 31, 2000 Assets Notes TDM* TDM A. Start-up and business expansion expenses B. Fixed assets I. Intangible assets 1. Concessions, industrial and similar rights and assets 2. Goodwill 3. Payments on account 6 5, ,013 4, ,426 5,554 II. Tangible assets 1. Land rights and buildings on third party land 2. Cargo handling equipment 3. Technical equipment and machines 4. Other equipment, factory and office equipment 5. Payments on account and assets under construction III. Financial assets 1. Shares in affiliated enterprises 2. Participations in associated enterprises 3. Loans to associated enterprises 4. Other participations 5. Loans to enterprises in which participations are held 6. Long-term investments C. Current assets I. Inventories 1. Raw materials and supplies 2. Work in progress 3. Finished goods and merchandise 4. Payments on account II. Receivables and other assets 1. Trade receivables 2. Receivables from affiliated companies 3. Receivables from enterprises in which participations are held 4. Other assets III. Cash-in-hand, bank balances D. Prepaid expenses * TDM = in thousand DM ,597 34, ,459 17,423 16, , ,980 1,600 1,747 46,880 1,225 81, ,501 4, ,238 82, ,434 52, ,273 21, ,503 1, , ,446 38,191 90,165 13,430 52, , ,833 9, ,166 1,227 97, ,939 4,586 2, ,525 74, ,697 26, ,581 11, , , Consolidated Financial Statement 200051 Equity and liabilities A. Equity I. Capital of BLG Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 included 1. Subscribed capital 2. Revenue reserves a) Legal reserves b) Other revenue reserves 3. Consolidated balance sheet profit II. Shares of other shareholders 1. Capital of BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG a) Limited partner s capital b) Capital reserves c) Revenue reserves d) Special loss accounts of companies included e) Balance sheet loss of consolidated limited liability companies (GmbH) Notes TDM* 19,200 1, ,005 42, , ,088 33,431-4,642-1, , TDM 19,200 1,449 1,573 1,536 23, , ,978 17,026-5, ,111 Consolidated Financial Statement Other third parties 1, , ,877 B. Special items with an equity portion 14 4,638 4,919 C. Special items for financial allocations 15 7,610 2,128 D. Accruals 1. Tax accruals 2. Accruals for pensions and similar obligations 3. Other accruals 16 1,728 10,076 62,531 74,335 2,012 6,359 58,882 67,253 E. Liabilities 1. Liabilities to banks 2. Trade payables 3. Payments received on account of orders 4. Payable to affiliated enterprises 5. Payable to enterprises in which participations are held 6. Other liabilities F. Deferred income ,146 29, ,500 12,923 31, ,024 2, , ,184 27,791 1, ,893 33, ,042 1, ,064 *TDM = in thousand DM Consolidated Financial Statement52 Consolidated Profit and Loss Account DM 29,679, Consolidated Financial Statement 200053 Notes TDM* TDM 1. Sales , , Own work capitalized Increase or decrease in finished goods inventories and work in process -2,009 2, Other operating income 20 39,760 32, Cost of materials a) Cost of raw materials, consumables and supplies -35,765-35,356 b) Cost of external personnel -40,102-33,338 c) Cost of other purchased services -68,228-77, Personnel expenses 21 a) Wages and salaries -246, ,538 b) Social security and other pension costs -48,484-41, Depreciation on intangible fixed assets and tangible assets -45,850-41, Other operating expenses ,649-90, Income from participations in associated enterprises 4,459 4, Income from other participations 23 8,548 8, Income from long-term loans 3,007 3, Other interest and similar income 1,141 1, Amortization of financial assets -1, Interest and similar expenses -14,944-12, Results from ordinary activities 30,749 19,121 Consolidated Financial Statement Taxes on income 2,275-1, Other taxes -3,943-3, Net income for the year 29,081 14, Shares of other shareholders Consolidated result 29,679 14,241 Transition to consolidated result of Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von Accumulated losses brought forward from Group adjustments having an effect on the results Share of profit allotted to limited partner of the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG a) Amounts added to the revenue reserves -10,825-4,637 b) Remaining net income for the year -12,108-7, Withdrawal from capital reserves 11 13, Withdrawal from other revenue reserves 12 1, Amounts added to other revenue reserves Consolidated balance sheet profit 21,005 1,536 *TDM = in thousand DM Consolidated Financial Statement54 Notes to consolidated financial statement 1 Entities to be consolidated In addition to Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 and BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG, the companies described in the separate listing of the investment holdings are included or not included in the consolidated financial statement. The information on the respective annual result and equity as of December 31, 2000 are omitted in this listing in accordance with Section 313 (3) of the German Commercial Code. The change in the entities to be consolidated in business year 2000 is not significant so the previous year s figures were not conformed. The companies not included in the consolidated financial statement are of minor importance for showing a true and fair view of the net worth, financial position and results of the Group as a whole that reflects the actual conditions and circumstances. 2 Consolidation policies The consolidated financial statement of December 31, 2000 was drawn up according to the provisions of Sections 290 ff. of the German Commercial Code. The capital consolidation was carried out for the full consolidation according to the book value method by setting off the purchase costs against the underlying equity of the subsidiaries in accordance with Section 301 (1) no. 1 of the German Commercial Code. The time of the acquisition of the shares or the time of first inclusion in the consolidated financial statement was chosen as the date for the first consolidation in accordance with Section 301 (2) of the German Commercial Code. In one case there was a credit difference of DM 110,000 which was set off against the capital reserves. The capital consolidation was carried out for the pro rata consolidation according to the book value method by setting off the purchase costs against the underlying equity of the joint venture enterprises in accordance with Section 310 of the German Commercial Code. The time of first inclusion in the consolidated financial statement was chosen as the date for the first consolidation. The carrying value of participations in associated enterprises that are included in the consolidated financial statement and treatment of the difference conformed with Sections 311 and 312 of the German Commercial Code according to the equity method. The time of first inclusion was chosen as the date for the first consolidation. The shares were valued with their adjusted book value in accordance with Section 312 (1) no. 1 of the German Commercial Code. In the consolidation of liabilities the receivables and liabilities of the enterprises included were set off against each other. The internal relationships between the consolidated enterprises are fully eliminated while those of joint venture enterprises are eliminated on a pro rata basis. Intercompany profits from trade payables and receivables were of minor importance. Accounting options (Section 300 (2) of the German Commercial Code) and valuation options (Section 308 (1) of the German Commercial Code) were not re-exercised in the consolidated financial statement. 54 Consolidated Financial Statement 200055 Those assets and liabilities of the consolidated enterprises within the framework of full consolidation which were included in the consolidated financial statement in accordance with Section 300 (2) of the German Commercial Code have been disclosed in a uniform manner according to the valuation methods applicable for the annual financial statement of the parent enterprise. The consolidated financial statement of EUROGATE GmbH & Co. KgaA, Bremen, which was included within the framework of pro rata consolidation, has been included in the consolidated financial statement of Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 according to the accounting and valuation methods that are uniformly applicable at EUROGATE as the parent enterprise. These methods do not differ from those of Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von The accounting and valuation methods for 3 Translation of foreign currency Foreign currency amounts are translated at daily exchange rates at the time of the business transaction. If a lower exchange rate exists for receivables and a higher exchange rate for liabilities on the balance sheet date, revaluation is carried out at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. The use of exchange hedging measures was not necessary 4 Accounting and valuation methods The annual and consolidated financial statements have been drawn up according to the accounting and valuation principles that apply to large companies in accordance with commercial law as well as to the supplementary provisions of the Stock Corporation Law. The financial statements of the subsidiaries that already existed in the previous year as well as the financial statement of the parent enterprise were prepared in the same way as in the previous year according to the following uniform principles. The profit and loss accounts were prepared according to the total cost method. associated enterprises have not been conformed to the uniform accounting and valuation methods of the BLG Group. The translation of balance sheets prepared on the basis of other currencies into Euro was carried out using official exchange rates. In the individual financial statements of the EUROGATE enterprises foreign currency receivables were valued at the mean exchange rate of the business transaction or at the lower mean exchange on the balance sheet date. Foreign currency liabilities were translated using the mean exchange rate of the business transaction or the higher mean exchange rate on the balance sheet date. The financial statements of the BLG enterprises are included in the consolidated financial statement on a uniform Group basis according to the accounting and valuation methods explained below. because of the minor importance of the foreign transaction. The annual financial statements of the foreign affiliated companies are translated at the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Translation differences are offset against the consolidated revenue reserves without any effect on results. To present the net worth, financial position and results of the annual financial statements and of the consolidated financial statement in a clear and complete manner, additional items were inserted in contrast to the classification requirements of Sections 266 (2) and 275 (2) of the German Commercial Code. The intangible assets and the tangible assets are valued as purchase costs minus systematic linear depreciation in accordance with the useful life in the course of customary company operations. Low value items in accordance with Section 6 (2) of the Income Tax Act (EstG) are depreciated in full in the year of the addition. Consolidated Financial Statement 2000 Consolidated Financial Statement56 The participations disclosed under financial assets are reported with the purchase costs or the contribution values. Permanent impairments in value are taken into account through depreciation at the lower applicable market value. The loans are disclosed at the nominal values. Valuation of the inventories is carried out according to the principle of lowest value in accordance with the provisions of Section 253 of the German Commercial Code at purchase costs or according to the lower applicable market values on the balance sheet date. Receivables and other assets are reported in the balance sheet at the nominal value. Default risks as well as general credit risks are taken into account through formation of individual and lump-sum allowances. All perceptible risks and uncertain liabilities are contained in the other accruals. The liabilities are entered on the liabilities side with their repayment amounts. Explanations regarding the balance sheet 5 Start-up and business expansion expenses Expenses reported on the assets side for commencement of business operation of a subsidiary as well as of a company included on a pro rate basis via the EUROGATE Group are disclosed in this item. The expenses apply to the setting up of the organization, marketing and sales as well as additional preparatory expenses. 6 Fixed assets The classification of the asset items and their development in the period under report is shown in an analysis of fixed assets on pages 58 and Participations in associated enterprises Valuation was carried out in accordance with Section 312 (1) no. 1 (4) of the German Commercial Code with the adjusted book value. The first consolidation resulted in a difference on the assets side that can be attributed to hidden reserves in an associated company. The amount as of December 31, 2000 was DM 0.5 million. 8 Receivables and other assets The receivables from affiliated enterprises and companies with which participations are held result from trade transactions and from current offsets. Of the other assets, DM 18,842,000 (previous year: DM 7,105,000) have a remaining term of more than a year. 9 Prepaid expenses The prepaid expenses contain a debt discount of DM 478, Consolidated Financial Statement 200057 Equity Capital of Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von Subscribed capital The subscribed capital is divided into 3,840,000 shares without a nominal value. The shares are in the name of the company and the approval of the company is required for their transfer. 11 Capital reserves TDM Transfer to capital reserves 13,939 Withdrawal from capital reserves -13, Transfer to the capital reserves results from the obligation of a portion of the shareholders to make payments into the equity of the company. These amounts were initially transferred into capital reserves in accordance with Sections 272 (2) no. 4, 266 (3) A II of the German Commercial Code. On December 31, 2000 these capital contributions were withdrawn from capital reserves for appropriation of net income. The obligations to make payments are disclosed in the "Other assets". Consolidated Financial Statement Revenue reserves An amount of DM 307,000 was transferred to the legal reserves from the net income for the year 2000 in accordance with Section 150 (2) AktG. DM 1,241,000 were withdrawn from other revenue reserves for appropriation of net income. 13 Minority interests The capital allotted to the limited partner of BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG is disclosed. The limited partnership capital and the capital reserves were provided through contributions in kind. The revenue reserves result from the retained profits and the annual net result for Furthermore, the shares of other shareholders are disclosed in the subsidiaries included through full consolidation. 14 Special items with an equity portion The special item with an equity portion was taken from the individual financial statement to the amount resulting from the pro rata consolidation of the EUROGATE Group. It was set up with gains from sales of land and buildings in accordance with Section 6b of the Income Tax Act and transferred to two gantry cranes. Release takes place according to the useful life. A pro rata amount of DM 281,000 (previous year: DM 281,000 ) is contained under "Other operating income" for the year Consolidated Financial Statement58 Development of the fixed assets Purchase cost Change Additions Transfers, Retirements in entities including to be consolidation consolidated entries TDM* TDM TDM TDM TDM TDM A. Start-up and business expansion expenses B. Fixed assets I. Intangible assets 1. Concessions, industrial and 1. similar rights and assets 2. Goodwill 3. Payments on account II. Tangible assets 1. Land rights and buildings on third party land 2. Cargo handling equipment 3. Technical equipment and machines 4. Other equipment, factory and office equipment 5. Payments on account and assets under construction III. Financial assets 1. Shares in affiliated enterprises 2. Participations in associated enterprises 3. Loans to associated enterprises 4. Other participations 5. Loans to enterprises in which participations are held 6. Long-term investments , , , , , , , , ,805 17, , ,096 25, ,809 83, , , ,962 1,110 14,904 21, ,900 31, ,073 2,886 3,187 39,809 52, ,406-51, , ,370 2,637 68, , , , , ,980 9, ,944 1, , ,793 57, ,365 47,880 1, ,228 97, , ,547 82, ,260 2,670 78, , ,686 *TDM = in thousand DM 58 Consolidated Financial Statement 200059 Depreciation Book values Change Additions Transfers, Retirements in entities including to be consolidation consolidated entries TDM TDM TDM TDM TDM TDM , , , , , , TDM TDM ,674 4, ,426 7,013 5,554 Consolidated Financial Statement , , ,212 45, , , , ,446 34,940 38,191 15, , , ,459 90,165 17, , ,468 22,386 17,423 13, , , , ,251 16,837 52, , , ,980 27, ,600 9,544 1, , , , , , , , ,185 46,880 57,166 1,225 1,227 81,232 97, , ,939 Consolidated Financial Statement60 15 Special items for financial allocations The special item for financial allocations was taken from the individual financial statement with the amount resulting from the pro rata consolidation of the EUROGATE Group. It was granted by the Eisenbahn Bundesamt (federal railway supervisory authority) for the West Railway Station at the EUROGATE Container Terminal in Hamburg. The special item is released accordingly over the useful life of the supported assets. For the year 2000 DM 308,000 (previous year: DM 0) are contained on a pro rata basis under the "Other operating income". 16 Accruals The other accruals are primarily accounted for by liabilities from the personnel department as well as by third-party services not yet billed. 17 Liabilities The remaining terms of the liabilities are presented in the following summary (previous year s figures in parentheses): Total of that, with a remaining term of amount up to more than one and more than one year up to five years five years TDM TDM TDM TDM Liabilities to banks 217,146 45, ,882 23,427 (229,184) (95,034) (73,701) (60,449) Trade payables 29,570 29, (27,790) (27,442) (58) (291) Payments received on account of orders (1,061) (1,061) (0) (0) Payable to affiliated enterprises 34,500 34, (500) (500) (0) (0) Payable to enterprises in which participations are held 12,923 12, (30,893) (30,893) (0) (0) Other liabilities 31,342 20,666 10,671 6 (33,928) (30,376) (3,153) (399) 326, , ,836 23,646 (323,356) (185,306) (76,912) (61,139) Of the other liabilities, DM 5,085,000 (previous year: DM 457,000) relate to liabilities from taxes and DM 5,834,000 (previous year: DM 6,293,000) to liabilities within the framework of social security. For the liabilities to banks buildings and operating equipment have been pledged and movable and immovable items of the fixed assets assigned by way of security. Furthermore, the right to enter into the land leases concluded in connection with the EUROGATE Container Terminal in Hamburg and the rights still to be agreed on regarding the already concluded or yet to be concluded subtenancy agreements serve as security. 60 Consolidated Financial Statement 200061 18 Contingent liabilities and other financial liabilities The BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG makes financial contributions to BLG Unterstützungskasse GmbH in Bremen. These are indirect pension burdens so disclosure of the pension liability in the balance sheet is optional with respect to Art. 28 (1) sentence 2 of the EGHGB (Introductory Law of the Commercial Code), an option that was exercised on the balance sheet date. The amount of the financial contributions is based on the port pay scale. The amount not accrued on the balance sheet date is DM 52.3 million according to a mathematical insurance expertise. Annual payments of DM 3.4 million are expected for the period from 2001 to The following financial liabilities exist: TDM Rental and leasing liabilities 710,254 - of that, due in ,810 - of that, due after ,860 Order liabilities 18,935 Deferred tax payments Payment liabilities to enterprises in which participations are held 6,624 Consolidated Financial Statement 2000 Liabilities from rental and heritable building right contracts with a basic term of up to 30 years are contained in the rental and leasing liabilities. Notes to the profit and loss account 19 Sales The sales, which were nearly exclusively earned domestically, are broken down as follows: TDM Cargo handling income 355,502 Container packing 7,163 Freight forwarding services 58,076 Rental/warehouse income 48,082 Technical services and consulting 38,772 Order picking 37,163 Miscellaneous 51, , Other operating income The other operating income contains insurance compensation and other reimbursements of DM 5,038,000 (previous year: DM 5,066,000), rental income of DM 4,128,000 (previous year: DM 4,593,000), income from sales of fixed assets of DM 2,715,000 (previous year: DM 4,047,000), income from reduction or dissolution of accruals of DM 3,233,000 (previous year: DM 2,238,000) and income from contractual penalties of DM 1,945,000 (previous year: DM 0). Consolidated Financial Statement62 21 Personnel expenses The expenses for social security and other costs contain DM 4,863,000 (previous year: DM 3,753,000) for old age pensions. 22 Other operating expenses This items includes interest on heritable building rights and rents of DM 48,392,000 (previous year: DM 47,723,000), IT costs of DM 3,185,000 (previous year: DM 5,795,000), sales and marketing costs of DM 5,778,000 (previous year: DM 7,811,000), insurance expenses of DM 6,406,000 (previous year: DM 6,048,000) as well as other expenses of DM 50,403,000 (previous year: DM 16,695,000). 23 Income from other participations The income from other participations contains DM 7,171,000, income from the EUROGATE Group that was not consolidated through consolidation. Of that, DM 7,000,000 are allotted to the pro rata preliminary profit which is due to BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG, Bremen, at EUROGATE GmbH & Co. KgaA, KG, Bremen, and by which the participation income of the shareholder exceeds the pro rata result of the EUROGATE Group, as it was included in the consolidated financial statement. The remaining amount is allotted to companies not included in the consolidated financial statement. Other disclosures 24 Employees The average number of employees in the Group excluding members of the Board of Management and Managing Directors was 1,744 blue-collar workers and 758 white-collar workers. In addition, 71 trainees were employed. On a pro rata basis, 1,175 employees are allocated to enterprises included through pro rata consolidation. 25 Supervisory Board, Board of Management and Advisory Board The make-up of the Supervisory Board of Directors, the Board of Management and the Advisory Board can be found on page 4 ff. Total remuneration of DM 192,000 was granted to the Board of Directors. The remuneration of the Board of Management amounted to DM 2,790, Participations according to Section 20 AktG The City of Bremen holds a majority holding of Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von Segment reporting 2000 Reporting according to segments for the year 2000 is provided on page Consolidated Financial Statement 200063 28 Notes on the segments In the segment reporting the business activities of the BLG Group are allocated to the Logistics and Container Divisions according to the Group structure. Entire enterprises are allocated to the divisions here. Segmenting follows internal control and reporting. All operative enterprises that offer cargo handling, warehousing, distribution and processing services were combined in the Logistics Division. The major companies are BLG AUTOMOBILE LOGISTICS GmbH & Co. and BLG INTERNATIONAL LOGISTICS GmbH & Co. The disclosures for joint venture enterprise EUROGATE GmbH & Co. KgaA, KG, which is included in the consolidated financial statement on a pro rata consolidation basis, are reported with the values from its consolidated financial statement in the Container Division. Since Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 and the BLG LOGISTICS GROUP AG & Co. KG as the holding company of the BLG Group do not carry out any business activities themselves, they were shown with additional business units of generally minor importance that were not allocated to the individual divisions and together with the consolidation of relations between the segments as a separate report unit "Services/Consolidation. Certain costs of the holding company were allocated to the two other segments appropriately. 29 Notes on the segment data As a matter of principle, the sales between the segments are earned at terms customary in the market on the basis of business conducted with external third parties. The depreciation is based on the segment fixed assets. There are no segment assets that are not necessary for company operation. The segment liabilities encompass the short-term liabilities necessary for financing and accruals excluding interest-bearing loans. The investments are additions of tangible assets as well as intangible assets. The interest-bearing assets and funds, like the interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing liabilities, are employed to achieve the financial results and to finance the business activities and investments. Consolidated Financial Statement 2000 The assets and liability items can all be allocated to Germany, with one minor exception. The exception involves an item allocated to Italy. 30 Statement of cash flows The statement of cash flows is provided on page 44. Bremen, May 10, 2001 BREMER LAGERHAUS-GESELLSCHAFT Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 Aden Kuhr Schiffer Wohlleben Consolidated Financial Statement64 Audit opinion "We have audited the consolidated financial statement and the group management report prepared by Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 for the business year from January 1 to December 31, Preparation of the consolidated financial statement and group management group according to the provisions of German commercial law is the responsibility of the legal representatives of the company. Our responsibility is to submit an assessment of the consolidated financial statement and the group management report on the basis of the audit conducted by us. We conducted our audit of the consolidated financial statement in accordance with Section 317 of the German Commercial Code in compliance with the generally accepted German accounting principles as specified by the Institute of Auditors (IDW). According to these principles, the audit shall be planned and conducted such that inaccuracies and violations that have a significant impact on the presentation of a true and fair view of the net worth, financial position and results, based on the consolidated financial statement in compliance with generally accepted accounting principles and on the group management report, are detected with adequate reliability. The knowledge regarding the business activities and the economic and legal environment of the company as well as the expectations of possible errors are taken into account in the specification of the auditing procedures. Within the framework of the audit the effectiveness of the accounting-related internal control system as well as verification of the disclosures in the consolidated financial statement and the group management report are assessed predominantly on the basis of sample audits. The audit comprises an evaluation of the annual financial statements of the enterprises included in the consolidated financial statement, of the definition of the entities to be consolidated, of the accounting and consolidation principles applied and of the key assessments of the legal representatives as well as an assessment of the general presentation of the consolidated financial statement and the group management report. We are of the opinion that our audit constitutes an adequately reliable basis for our assessment. Our audit did not result in any objections. It is our conviction that the consolidated financial statement presents a true and fair view of the net worth, financial position and results of the Group in compliance with generally accepted accounting principles. The group management report generally provides an accurate picture of the situation of the Group and accurately describes the risks of future development." Bremen, May 10, 2001 FIDES Treuhandgesellschaft Reifenrath & Co. Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft Steuerberatungsgesellschaft Bitter Auditor Dr. Gottwald Auditor 64 Consolidated Financial Statement 200065 Consolidated Financial Statement 66 Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 Annual Financial Statement BLG AG Annual Financial Statement 67 BLG AG Annual Financial Statement BLG AG Annual Financial Statement 67  View more














Similar documents





BREMER LAGERHAUS-GESELLSCHAFT Aktiengesellschaft von Interim Report



        BREMER LAGERHAUS-GESELLSCHAFT Aktiengesellschaft von 1877 Interim Report January to March 2014 Table of contents 03 BLG share 05 Management Report for the Interim Financial Statments 05 Basic features    

        More information 




composé communication Bremen Annual Report 1999 Brought to you by Global Reports



        composé communication Bremen Annual Report 1999 Contents Organization 4 Board of Management 4 Supervisory Board 5 Advisory Board 7 Report of the Board of Management 8 Report of the Supervisory Board 10    

        More information 




TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS PROFITABLE GROWTH COURSE INTERNATIONALIZATION FURTHER EXTENDED US MARKET IN FOCUS



        QUARTERLY STATEMENT AS OF MARCH 31, 2015 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS Patrik Heider, Spokesman of the Executive Board and CFOO The Nemetschek Group has made a dynamic start in the 2015 financial year and continues    

        More information 




OGISTICS GROUP G L BL 2013 1877 AGERHAUS-GESELLSCHAFT



        Performance Port Annual Report 2013 Brief profile BLG LOGISTICS performs seaport-oriented logistics services through its international network. The experience gained in the course of a 137-year corporate    

        More information 




HAMBURGER HAFEN UND LOGISTIK AG ANALYSTS CONFERENCE



        HAMBURGER HAFEN UND LOGISTIK AG ANALYSTS CONFERENCE 31 MARCH 2008 Hamburger Hafen und Logistik AG DISCLAIMER The facts and information contained herein are as up to date as is reasonably possible and are    

        More information 




HALF YEAR REPORT AS OF JUNE 30



        2 0 1 4 HALF YEAR REPORT AS OF JUNE 30 T O O U R S H A R E H O L D E R S Dear shareholders, ladies and gentlemen, The Nemetschek Group continued its successful development in the second quarter of 2014    

        More information 




HAMBURGER HAFEN UND LOGISTIK AG



        HAMBURGER HAFEN UND LOGISTIK AG ANALYST CONFERENCE ON 2013 FINANCIAL YEAR RESULTS Hamburg, 27 March 2014 Hamburger Hafen und Logistik AG Agenda Chairman of the Executive Board Annual Financial Statements    

        More information 




OPPORTUNITY-FOCUSED. Annual Report 2009



        OPPORTUNITY-FOCUSED Annual Report 2009 OPPORTUNITY-FOCUSED The BLG LOGISTICS GROUP along with its subsidiaries and shareholdings is a logistics provider with an international commitment. No other logistics    

        More information 




2015 Quarterly Report II



        2015 Quarterly Report II 2 Key data Eckert & Ziegler 01 06/2015 01 06/2014 Change Sales million 69.0 61.9 + 11 % Return on revenue before tax % 16 % 9 % + 87 % EBITDA million 15.6 9.7 + 61 % EBIT million    

        More information 




News service. DB Schenker: A reliable partner of the automotive industry



        DB Schenker: A reliable partner of the automotive industry From component supply to pre-assembly in the plants, shipment of finished vehicles and spare parts distribution: DB s automotive specialists work    

        More information 




April 28, 2015 HONDA MOTOR CO., LTD. REPORTS CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE FISCAL FOURTH QUARTER AND THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2015



        April 28, 2015 HONDA MOTOR CO., LTD. REPORTS CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE FISCAL FOURTH QUARTER AND THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2015 Tokyo, April 28, 2015--- Honda Motor Co., Ltd. today announced    

        More information 




CONFERENCE CALL PRELIMINARY FIGURES FISCAL YEAR 2013



        WELCOME DÜRR AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT CONFERENCE CALL PRELIMINARY FIGURES FISCAL YEAR 2013 Ralf W. Dieter, CEO Ralph Heuwing, CFO Bietigheim-Bissingen, February 25, 2014 www.durr.com DISCLAIMER This presentation    

        More information 




International location strategies of the European commercial vehicle manufacturers Lecture by



        International location strategies of the European commercial vehicle manufacturers Lecture by Håkan Samuelsson Chairman of the Executive Board, MAN AG Location strategies are greatly impacted by expected    

        More information 




Makita Corporation. Consolidated Financial Results for the nine months ended December 31, 2007 (U.S. GAAP Financial Information)



        Makita Corporation Consolidated Financial Results for the nine months ended (U.S. GAAP Financial Information) (English translation of "ZAIMU/GYOSEKI NO GAIKYO" originally issued in Japanese language) CONSOLIDATED    

        More information 




CONFERENCE CALL RESULTS JANUARY MARCH 2015



        WELCOME DÜRR AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT CONFERENCE CALL RESULTS JANUARY MARCH 2015 Ralf W. Dieter, CEO Ralph Heuwing, CFO Hanover, May 12, 2015 www.durr.com DISCLAIMER This presentation has been prepared independently    

        More information 




TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS DYNAMIC FIRST HALF YEAR



        HALF YEAR REPORT AS OF JUNE 30, 2015 TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS Patrik Heider, Spokesman of the Executive Board and CFOO The Nemetschek Group maintained its dynamic development from the first quarter of 2015    

        More information 




The Sumitomo Warehouse Co., Ltd.



        Consolidated Financial Results for the Year Ended March 31, 2014[ Japan GAAP ] May 13, 2014 The Sumitomo Warehouse Co., Ltd. Securities code: 9303 Stock exchange listings: URL: Representative: Inquiries:    

        More information 




Real Estate Clients. For more information on HSH Nordbank Hypo s business, please refer to pages 58 and 59.



        31 Real Estate Clients HSH Nordbank is one of the most sought-after providers of finance on the German real estate market. Backed by our extensive specialist skills in financial services for all aspects    

        More information 




DB2020 guiding us toward the future Annual Results Press Conference 2014. Deutsche Bahn AG DB Mobility Logistics AG Frankfurt, March 27, 2014



        DB2020 guiding us toward the future Annual Results Press Conference 2014 Deutsche Bahn AG DB Mobility Logistics AG Frankfurt, March 27, 2014 2013 Financial Year At a glance Weak development in 2013 2013    

        More information 




Franke Group 2006: a further marked upturn in sales and earnings at Franke



        MEDIA RELEASE Franke Group 2006: a further marked upturn in sales and earnings at Franke Aarburg, Switzerland, 15 May 2007 The Franke Group increased its net sales by +24.6% to CHF 2,440.1 million in 2006.    

        More information 




JENOPTIK AG Conference Call Results of fiscal year 2015 and outlook



        JENOPTIK AG Conference Call Results of fiscal year 215 and outlook March 22, 216 Dr. Michael Mertin, CEO Hans-Dieter Schumacher, CFO Copyright Jenoptik, All rights reserved. Ergebnisse des Geschäftsjahrs    

        More information 




HORNBACH Holding AG & Co. KGaA Group Q3/9M 2016/2017



        HORNBACH Holding AG & Co. KGaA Group Q3/9M 2016/2017 Quarterly Statement as of November 30, 2016 2 HORNBACH HOLDING AG & CO. KGaA GROUP QUARTERLY STATEMENT: 3 RD QUARTER OF 2016/2017 HORNBACH HOLDING AG    

        More information 




Continued stable trend in earnings attractive dividend



        NA Group Information on the results of the fiscal year 2001/02 (October 2001 to September 2002) Continued stable trend in earnings attractive dividend Hamburg, 16 December 2002 On 30 September 2002 Norddeutsche    

        More information 




HORNBACH Baumarkt AG Group Q3/9M 2016/2017



        HORNBACH Baumarkt AG Group Q3/9M 2016/2017 Quarterly Statement as of November 30, 2016 2 HORNBACH BAUMARKT AG GROUP QUARTERLY STATEMENT: 3 RD QUARTER OF 2016/2017 HORNBACH BAUMARKT AG GROUP Statement on    

        More information 




Interim consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2007



        1 Interim consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2007 January 1 through September 30, 2007 MeVis Medical Solutions AG laying the foundation for further dynamic growth: Sales plus other operating    

        More information 




Deutsche Post DHL Group meets 2015 earnings forecast with record operating performance in the fourth quarter



        Deutsche Post DHL Group meets 2015 earnings forecast with record operating performance in the fourth quarter Operating profit of EUR 2.41 billion in full-year 2015 EUR 957 million EBIT in fourth quarter    

        More information 




CENIT AG Systemhaus. Industriestraße 52-54 D-70565 Stuttgart Tel: + 49 711 7825-30 Fax: + 49 711 7825-4000 Internet: http://www.cenit.



        9 Months Report 2007 CENIT AG Systemhaus Industriestraße 52-54 D-70565 Stuttgart Tel: + 49 711 7825-30 Fax: + 49 711 7825-4000 Internet: http://www.cenit.de Investor Relations: ISIN:DE0005407100 Fabian    

        More information 




Financial Results for the Nine-Month Period Ended March 31, 2013



        Financial Results for the Nine-Month Period Ended March 31, 2013 May 14, 2013 Company name: ZERO CO., LTD. Code No: 9028 Tokyo Stock Exchange (Second Section) (URL http://www.zero-group.co.jp/) Representative:    

        More information 




nine months statement



        nine months statement 22 Brüder Mannesmann Aktiengesellschaft Remscheid Brüder Mannesmann AG is a trading group with two orientations the worldwide trading in tools and the trading in pipe fittings for    

        More information 




QUARTERLY REPORT For the six months ended September 30, 2012 010_0774017502412.indd 2 2012/12/21 11:54:11



        QUARTERLY REPORT For the six months ended September 30, 2012 QUALITATIVE INFORMATION (1) Qualitative Information Relating to Consolidated Quarterly Operating Results During the first half of the fiscal    

        More information 




9-MONTHS REPORT. Stable development of business in Q3 Lila Logistik confirms full-year forecast



        /08 9-MONTHS REPORT Stable development of business in Q3 Lila Logistik confirms full-year forecast Key figures for the first three quarters of 2008 in accordance with IFRS 01.01. 01.01. Change in Change    

        More information 




CONFERENCE CALL PRELIMINARY FIGURES FISCAL YEAR 2014



        WELCOME DÜRR AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT CONFERENCE CALL PRELIMINARY FIGURES FISCAL YEAR 2014 Ralf W. Dieter, CEO Ralph Heuwing, CFO Bietigheim-Bissingen, March 9, 2015 www.durr.com DISCLAIMER This presentation    

        More information 




Consolidated Earnings Report for the Second Quarter of Fiscal 2011 [Japanese GAAP]



        Consolidated Earnings Report for the Second Quarter of Fiscal 2011 [Japanese GAAP] October 27, 2010 Company Name: KOITO MANUFACTURING CO., LTD. Stock Listing: First Section, Tokyo Stock Exchange Code Number:    

        More information 




2014/2015 The IndusTrIal Group



        Q2 2014/2015 Half-Year Interim Report 2014/2015 1 April to 30 September 2014 The Industrial Group The first six months of financial year 2014/2015 at a glance Incoming orders increased in the first half    

        More information 




Management Report Corporate Profile Annual Report 2014 Continental AG 42



        Management Report Corporate Profile Annual Report 2014 Continental AG 42 Corporate Strategy A balanced product portfolio, technological and market leadership in the market segments relevant to us, as well    

        More information 




Zumtobel Group back on course for substantial growth



        Dornbirn, Austria, July 5, 2006 01 Zumtobel Group back on course for substantial growth Lighting group posts adjusted growth of 6% Net profit again moves ahead strongly, up 49.7% European market and Asia    

        More information 




Consolidated Financial Results for the First Two Quarters of the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2016 (Japan GAAP)



        Consolidated Financial Results for the First Two Quarters of the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2016 (Japan GAAP) Name of Listed Company: Yokogawa Electric Corporation (the Company herein) Stock Exchanges    

        More information 




Consolidated Financial and Performance Review for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year Ending March 2007 July 28, 2006



        Consolidated Financial and Performance Review for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year Ending March 2007 July 28, 2006 Company Name: URL: Representative: Inquiries: Kenwood Corporation (Code No. 6765, Stock    

        More information 




CONFERENCE CALL RESULTS JANUARY JUNE 2015



        WELCOME DÜRR AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT CONFERENCE CALL RESULTS JANUARY JUNE 2015 Ralf W. Dieter, CEO Ralph Heuwing, CFO Bietigheim-Bissingen, August 6, 2015 www.durr.com DISCLAIMER This presentation has been    

        More information 




Financial Year 2013/14



        Financial Year Investor Relations June 2014 voestalpineag AG www.voestalpine.com Overview From a steel producer to a technology and industrial goods corporation High-tech steel is the base of voestalpine,    

        More information 




INTERIM REPORT ON FIRST QUARTER OF 2015 201fehlungBild austauschen) Q1



        Interim Report Q1 2015 INTERIM REPORT ON FIRST QUARTER OF 2015 201fehlungBild austauschen) Q1 1 Interim Report Q1 2015 2 Letter from the Management Board Dear Shareholders, Ladies and Gentlemen, These    

        More information 




Travel24.com AG. Quarterly Report Q1 2015



        Travel24.com AG Quarterly Report Q1 2015 2 Selected Key Group Data January 1 - March 31 Change In thousands of euro 2015 2014 % Revenue 4,494 7,810-42 % EBIT 806 1,231-35 % Net profit 66 518-87 % Earnings    

        More information 




Overview of the key figures for the first half of the year



        Half-Year Report 2015 Q2 Revenues increase in the first half of the year by 23% EBIT increased by 1.5 million euros compared to the previous year Order book is growing Overall annual forecast remains unchanged    

        More information 




HAMBURGER HAFEN UND LOGISTIK AG



        HAMBURGER HAFEN UND LOGISTIK AG ANALYST CONFERENCE ON 2014 FINANCIAL YEAR RESULTS Hamburg, 30 March 2015 Hamburger Hafen und Logistik AG Agenda Business Development 2014 and Business Forecast 2015 Klaus-Dieter    

        More information 




Interim Report HORNBACH HOLDING AG GROUP. 1st QUARTER 2004/2005 (March 1 to May 31, 2004)



        Interim Report HORNBACH HOLDING AG GROUP 1st QUARTER 2004/2005 (March 1 to May 31, 2004) page 2 HORNBACH HOLDING AG Group Interim Report (IFRS) for the First Quarter of 2004/2005 (March 1 to May 31, 2004)    

        More information 




BRAND AWARENESS. Annual Report 2010



        BRAND AWARENESS Annual Report 2010 OUR LOCATIONS Alhandra Anchieta Atlanta Beijing Belem Berlin Böblingen Bremen Bremerhaven Cagliari Cape Town Chennai Curitiba Fortaleza Frankfurt Fuzhou Gdansk Gioia    

        More information 




Gigaset AG Financial Results Press Conference. April 4, 2011



        Gigaset AG Financial Results Press Conference April 4, 2011 Highlights 2010 Discontinuation of the old business model and renaming to Gigaset AG Investment portfolio cleanup Almost complete reduction in    

        More information 




Report on 3rd Quarter 1999



        Report on 3rd Quarter 1999 With an increase of sales of 44 % for same period over the previous year, PSI has grown faster than the market in both segments for the first nine months of this year, and therefore    

        More information 




FINANCIAL REPORT H1 2014



        FINANCIAL REPORT H1 2014 HIGH SPEED BY PASSION 02_Key Figures 03_Group Status Report 05_Consolidated Financial Statements 10_Notes 11_Declaration of the Legal Representatives 02 PANKL KEY FIGURES EARNING    

        More information 




Dear shareholders, TAKKT highlights during the first six months of 2001. The TAKKT group. Half-year report 2001



        Half-year report 2001 Stuttgart, July 2001 Dear shareholders, TAKKT AG continued its dynamic development during the first six months of 2001. Compared to the same period last year, the group increased    

        More information 




Check against delivery. Hans Dieter Pötsch Speech at the Annual Media Conference and Investor Conference on March 13, 2014.



        Check against delivery Hans Dieter Pötsch Speech at the Annual Media Conference and Investor Conference on March 13, 2014 Part II Good morning, Ladies and Gentlemen, I, too, would like to wish you a very    

        More information 




Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended June 30, 2014



        July 28, 2014 Company name : Nissan Motor Co., Ltd.  Code no : 7201 (URL http://www.nissan-global.com/en/ir/) Representative : Carlos Ghosn, President Contact person : Joji    

        More information 




GrandVision reports Revenue growth of 13.8% and EPS growth of 31.7%



        GrandVision reports Revenue of 13.8% and EPS of 31.7% Schiphol, the Netherlands 16 March 2015. GrandVision NV (EURONEXT: GVNV) publishes Full Year and Fourth Quarter 2015 results. 2015 Highlights Revenue    

        More information 




Declaration of Corporate Governance pursuant to 289 a HGB for the 2014 Financial Year



        Declaration of Corporate Governance pursuant to 289 a HGB for the 2014 Financial Year Good corporate governance is reflected in responsible corporate management. The Board of Management and the Supervisory    

        More information 




Closing Announcement of First Quarter of the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2009



        Member of Financial Accounting Standards Foundation Closing Announcement of First Quarter of the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2009 Name of Listed Company: Arisawa Mfg. Co., Ltd. Listed on the 1st Section    

        More information 




Overview of Account Settlement for Fiscal Year ended March 2012 (Based on the Japanese Accounting Standard) (Consolidated)



        (Based on the Japanese Accounting Standard) (Consolidated) Listed company name: TOSHIBA TEC CORPORATION Company code: 6588 URL http://www.toshibatec.co.jp/ Representative: (Title) President and CEO (Name)    

        More information 




Ahlers AG, Herford. ISIN DE0005009708 and DE0005009732 INTERIM REPORT



        Ahlers AG, Herford ISIN DE0005009708 and DE0005009732 on the first nine months of fiscal 2005/06 (December 1, 2005, to August 31, 2006) BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT IN THE FIRST NINE MONTHS OF FISCAL 2005/06 According    

        More information 




MEDIA RELEASE SIKA WITH STRONG GROWTH IN EMERGING MARKETS



        DATUM 1 / 6 Zugerstrasse 50 6341 Baar, Switzerland www.sika.com CONTACT TELEPHONE E MAIL Dominik Slappnig Corporate Communications & Investor Relations +41 58 436 68 21 slappnig.dominik@ch.sika.com SIKA    

        More information 




FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE



        FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE O-I REPORTS FULL YEAR AND FOURTH QUARTER 2014 RESULTS O-I generates second highest free cash flow in the Company s history PERRYSBURG, Ohio (February 2, 2015) Owens-Illinois, Inc.    

        More information 




Joint Stock Company Valmieras stikla šķiedra Reg. No. 40003031676 Cempu Street 13, Valmiera, LV-4201



        Cempu Street 13, Valmiera, LV-4201 JOINT STOCK COMPANY VALMIERAS STIKLA ŠĶIEDRA Registration Number 40003031676 ended March 31 st 2016 UNAUDITED Made in accordance with the International Financial Reporting    

        More information 




EUROGATE: The Leading Container Terminal Logistics Network in Europe. 100 % Screening Is security affordable?



        EUROGATE: The Leading Container Terminal Logistics Network in Europe 100 % Screening Is security affordable? Content 2 1. EUROGATE 2. Impact on Terminal Operator 3. 100 % Screening 1. EUROGATE 3 EUROGATE    

        More information 




ATOSS Software AG Excellence in Workforce Management Presentation January 30, 2015. 1 Christof Leiber, Member of the Board, ATOSS Software AG



        ATOSS Software AG Excellence in Workforce Management Presentation January 30, 2015 1 Christof Leiber, Member of the Board, ATOSS Software AG 01 Business model and developments 2006 2014 02 ATOSS growth    

        More information 




SCHMALZ+SCHÖN Eastcargo GmbH. General Company Presentation



        SCHMALZ+SCHÖN Eastcargo GmbH General Company Presentation SCHMALZ+SCHÖN Seite Stand: 01.03.2010 1 East European Cargoes SERVICES PORTFOLIO Regular groupage transport services Part and complete loads Cargoes    

        More information 




Statement by Kasper Rorsted Chairman of the Management Board Conference-Call November 11, 2015, 10.30 a.m.



        Statement by Kasper Rorsted Chairman of the Management Board Conference-Call November 11, 2015, 10.30 a.m. Welcome to our conference call today. As you will have seen, this morning we sent out our news    

        More information 




ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION. Miba Aktiengesellschaft. I. General provisions. Section 1 Name and seat of the company



        ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION of Miba Aktiengesellschaft I. General provisions Section 1 Name and seat of the company (1) The name of the company is Miba Aktiengesellschaft (2) The company is based in Laakirchen,    

        More information 




Financial Summary for First 2 Quarters of Fiscal 2017 [Japanese GAAP] [Consolidated]



        Financial Summary for First 2 Quarters of Fiscal 2017 [Japanese GAAP] [Consolidated] October 28, 2016 Name of listed company ZENRIN CO.,LTD. Stock exchange listings: Tokyo and Fukuoka Securities code 9474    

        More information 




Quarterly Financial Report



        3/2012 Quarterly Financial Report Sales up by over 27 % to more than 35 million EBIT improved by 20 % to 3.4 million Quarterly Financial Report 3/2012 Dear shareholders, employees, partners and friends    

        More information 




HAMBURGER HAFEN UND LOGISTIK AG. RESULTS JANUARY SEPTEMBER 2013 Analyst Conference Call, 13 November 2013



        HAMBURGER HAFEN UND LOGISTIK AG RESULTS JANUARY SEPTEMBER 2013 Analyst Conference Call, 13 November 2013 1 Disclaimer The facts and information contained herein are as up to date as is reasonably possible    

        More information 




2014 Quarterly Report II



        2014 Quarterly Report II 2 Key data Eckert & Ziegler 01 06/2014 01 06/2013 Change Sales million 61.9 55.3 12% Return on revenue before tax % 9 % 12 % 26 % EBITDA million 9.7 10.2 5 % EBIT million 6.2 6.9    

        More information 




Unaudited Financial Report



        RECRUITING SERVICES Amadeus FiRe AG Unaudited Financial Report Quarter I - 2015 Temporary Staffing. Permanent Placement Interim Management. Training www.amadeus-fire.de Unaudited Amadeus FiRe Group Financial    

        More information 




Report of the Supervisory Board



        16 (in accordance with section 171(2) of the AktG) Ladies and Gentlemen, In fiscal year 2010, the Supervisory Board addressed the position and development of the Volkswagen Group regularly and in detail.    

        More information 




Consolidated Financial Results for the First Three Quarters of the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2016 (Japan GAAP)



        Consolidated Financial Results for the First Three Quarters of the Fiscal Year Ending March 31, 2016 (Japan GAAP) Name of Listed Company: Yokogawa Electric Corporation (the Company herein) Stock Exchanges    

        More information 




ATOSS Software AG Excellence in Workforce Management. 1 Christof Leiber, Member of the Board, ATOSS Software AG



        ATOSS Software AG Excellence in Workforce Management 1 Christof Leiber, Member of the Board, ATOSS Software AG 01 Business model and developments 2006 2014 and first half of 2015 02 ATOSS growth strategy    

        More information 




Oldenburgische Landesbank Group Interim Management Report as of March 31, 2010



        Oldenburgische Landesbank Group Interim Management Report as of March 31, 2010 03 / 2010 002 The OLB Group at a Glance as of March 31, 2010 The OLB Group at a Glance as of March 31, 2010 EUR m 3 / 31 /    

        More information 




FRANKLIN ELECTRIC REPORTS RECORD SECOND QUARTER 2013 SALES AND EARNINGS



        For Immediate Release For Further Information Refer to: John J. Haines 260-824-2900 FRANKLIN ELECTRIC REPORTS RECORD SECOND QUARTER 2013 SALES AND EARNINGS Bluffton, Indiana July 30, 2013 - Franklin Electric    

        More information 




Zero Emission Fuel Cell and Electrolyzer Solutions. Managed Power Services. Fuel-Free Hybrid Power Solution. German engineering



        Quarterly ent Statement Q1/2016 Heliocentris Energy Solutions AG State-of-the-art power solutions Managed Power Services Fuel-Free Hybrid Power Solution Interconnected Energy Management Zero Emission Fuel    

        More information 




HAMBURGER HAFEN UND LOGISTIK AG COMPANY PRESENTATION



        HAMBURGER HAFEN UND LOGISTIK AG COMPANY PRESENTATION UBS Global Transport Conference / London, 13 September 2011 Hamburger Hafen und Logistik AG DISCLAIMER The facts and information contained herein are    

        More information 




SEMI-ANNUAL REPORT 2000



        We set world standards in control and communication technology in our fields of business Industrial Automation and Automotive Electronics Softing continues to grow during the first six months of 2000 With    

        More information 




Significant result increase due to higher sales volumes and efficiency improvements



        Herrliberg, February 5, 2016 MEDIA INFORMATION EMS Group: Annual results 2015 Significant result increase due to higher sales volumes and efficiency improvements 1. Summary The EMS Group, with its companies    

        More information 




Unaudited Half Year Financial Report January June 2013. Creating career prospects and deploying targeted professional skills.



        Creating career prospects and deploying targeted professional skills Amadeus FiRe AG Unaudited Half Year Financial Report January June 2013 Unaudited Half Year Financial Report, January June 2013 1 Unaudited    

        More information 




HORNBACH Holding AG & Co. KGaA Group. 1 st QUARTER 2016/2017



        HORNBACH Holding AG & Co. KGaA Group 1 st QUARTER 2016/2017 Quarterly Statement as of May 31, 2016 2 HORNBACH HOLDING AG & CO. KGaA GROUP STATEMENT ON 1 ST QUARTER OF 2016/2017 HORNBACH HOLDING AG & CO.    

        More information 




Grays ecommerce Group CEO on FY15 results and outlook



        Homebush Corporate Park 29-33 Carter Street LIDCOMBE NSW 2141 Attention: ASX Company Announcements Platform Lodgement of Market Briefing 25 August 2015 Grays ecommerce Group CEO on FY15 results and outlook    

        More information 




KONE s interim report for January March 2016 APRIL 21, 2016 HENRIK EHRNROOTH, PRESIDENT & CEO



        KONE s interim report for January March 2016 APRIL 21, 2016 HENRIK EHRNROOTH, PRESIDENT & CEO Figures for January March 2016 Q1 2016 Key figures STRONG OPERATING PERFORMANCE; ORDERS DECLINED FROM A HIGH    

        More information 




Letter to shareholders 1. Quarter of



        Letter to shareholders 1. Quarter of 216 JDC Group Financial Services Annual Report 27 2 Dr. Sebastian Grabmaier CEO Ralph Konrad CFO 3 Management Board letter to shareholders Dear Shareholders, Dear Business    

        More information 




Novelis Q3 Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call



        Novelis Q3 Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call February 9, 2016 Steve Fisher President and Chief Executive Officer Steve Pohl Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer 1 Safe Harbor Statement    

        More information 




ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING CHAIRMAN AND CEO ADDRESS



        SLIDE CHAIRMAN S ADDRESS Chairman s Address Allan English ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING CHAIRMAN AND CEO ADDRESS MEDIA/ASX ANNOUNCEMENT October 24, 2013 I am pleased to report that Silver Chef has achieved another    

        More information 




Consolidated Financial Statements for the Third Quarter of the Fiscal Year Ending March 31 st, 2016 (FY2016), Japan GAAP February 9 th, 2016



        Consolidated Financial Statements for the Third Quarter of the Fiscal Year Ending March 31 st, 2016 (FY2016), Japan GAAP February 9 th, 2016 Company Name Tokyo Seimitsu Co., Ltd. Stock Listing: First Section,    

        More information 




TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS A MESSAGE FROM THE CEO. shareholders equity ratio and ROE both rose to over 10%.



        TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS A MESSAGE FROM THE CEO During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004, attained record-high total revenues, income before income taxes, and net income. We also made steady progress in    

        More information 




Summary of Consolidated Financial Statements for the First Quarter of Fiscal Year Ending December 31, 2016 (Japanese GAAP)



        This document is a translation of the Japanese financial statements and is not in conformity with accounting principles of the United States. Summary of Consolidated Financial Statements for the First    

        More information 




WE CARE ABOUT YOUR CARS. BLG Your Car Logistics Partner for Russia and Ukraine



        WE CARE ABOUT YOUR CARS BLG Your Car Logistics Partner for Russia and Ukraine 02 WE CARE ABOUT YOUR CARS GO EAST After saturation of the Western European market and increasing relocation OEM plants to    

        More information 




THE WAY TO MAKE IT. Results 2013 and Outlook 2014. Agenda. 26 March 2014. Results 2013. Focus and outlook 2014 Discussion



        Results 2013 and Outlook 2014 26 March 2014 26 March 2014 / Results 2013 and Outlook 2014 / 1 Agenda Results 2013 Operational performance Financial performance Focus and outlook 2014 Discussion 26 March    

        More information 




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME



        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF INCOME Notes Sales 1) 5,429,574 5,169,545 Cost of Goods Sold 2) 3,041,622 2,824,771 Gross Profit 2,387,952 2,344,774 Selling Expenses 3) 1,437,010 1,381,132 General and Administrative    

        More information 




AUSTRIAN POST Q1 2012:



        AUSTRIAN POST Q1 2012: Revenue growth (+6.0%) and earnings improvement (EBITDA +7.0%) in Q1; outlook confirmed for 2012 Increased revenue Revenue up 6.0% above the prior-year quarter Good development in    

        More information 




FY 2012 SECOND QUARTER (CUMULATIVE) CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS (April 1, 2012 to September 30, 2012)



        FY 2012 SECOND QUARTER (CUMULATIVE) CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL RESULTS (April 1, 2012 to September 30, 2012) 1.Company Name : SANKEN ELECTRIC CO., LTD. 2.Code NO : 6707 3.Headquarters : 363 Kitano, Niizashi,    

        More information 




Exhibit 1. General Motors Company and Subsidiaries Supplemental Material (Unaudited)



        Exhibit 1 General Motors Company and Subsidiaries The accompanying tables and charts include earnings before interest and taxes adjusted for special items, presented net of noncontrolling interests (EBIT-adjusted),    

        More information 




Quarterly Statement Q1 2016



        Quarterly Statement Q1 2016 January 1 to March 31, 2016 STRATEC Quarterly Statement Q1 2016 2 STRATEC REPORTS ON FIRST THREE MONTHS OF 2016 Birkenfeld, April 26, 2016 STRATEC Biomedical AG, Birkenfeld,    

        More information 




Interim announcement. 1 st Quarter



        Interim announcement 1 st Quarter 2015 www.danfoss.com Danfoss at a glance Danfoss engineers technologies that enable the world of tomorrow to do more with less. We meet the growing need for infrastructure,    

        More information 




Q1 / 2015: INTERIM REPORT WITHIN THE FIRST HALF-YEAR OF 2015. Berentzen-Gruppe Aktiengesellschaft Haselünne / Germany



        Q1 / 2015: INTERIM REPORT WITHIN THE FIRST HALF-YEAR OF 2015 Berentzen-Gruppe Aktiengesellschaft Haselünne / Germany Securities Identification Number 520 163 International Securities Identification Numbers    

        More information 




BENTELER GROUP SALES DOWN 28%



        Excerpt from the Annual Report 2009 BENTELER GROUP SALES DOWN 28% The Benteler Group employs 23,146 people at 150 locations in 38 countries In 2009 the Benteler Group generated sales of 4,564 million euros    

        More information 




Press release March 5, 2015



        2014 FULL YEAR RESULTS: GROWTH MOMENTUM CONFIRMED Acceleration of organic sales growth Further growth in Recurring Operating Income, up by +10.6% Net income from continuing operations up by +24.6% Increase    

        More information 


















                2017 © DocPlayer.net Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Feedback

















Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft AG Von 1877: ETR:BLH quotes & news - Google FinanceMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreDocsBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceBremer Lagerhaus Geslschft AG Von 1877(ETR:BLH)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft AG Von 1877  (Public, ETR:BLH)  
Watch this stock
 




















10.00









Delayed:
 

1:27PM GMT+2



ETR
data delayed by 15 mins -
Disclaimer

Currency in EUR







Range

    -



52 week

8.80 - 10.00



Open

    -



Vol.

0.00



Mkt cap

38.40M



P/E

25.41



Div/yield

0.30/3.00



EPS

0.39



Shares

    -



Beta

    -



Inst. own

    -































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft AG Von 1877 »

Subscribe






Advertisement


Key stats and ratios




Q4 (Dec '16)
2016


Net profit margin
2.96%
2.96%

Operating margin
0.64%
0.64%

EBITD margin
-
4.24%

Return on average assets
4.29%
4.30%

Return on average equity
3.78%
3.79%

Employees
8,027
-

CDP Score
-

-



Address
Praesident-Kennedy-Platz 1BREMEN, 28203Germany+49-421-3983382 (Phone)+49-421-3983233 (Fax)

Website links


https://www.blg-logistics.com

















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view





Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel









More from FactSet »










Description




Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 is a Germany-based provider of logistics services. The Company operates through three segments: Automobile, Contract and Container. The Automobile segment provides logistics services for the export and import of vehicles via overland routes and waterways. The Contract segment offers logistics solutions for automobile parts, industry and trade, as well as the offshore wind industry. The Container segment comprises a joint venture with EUROGATE GmbH & Co KGaA, through which the Company operates a European network of container terminals and provides intermodal transport services. The Company also offers cargo handling services, storage and technical services, freight forwarding, storage and handling for refrigerated goods, order picking, finishing and quality control for consumer products.







Officers and directors





Stephan-Andreas Kaulvers

Chairman of the Supervisory Board






Frank Dreeke

Chairman of the Management Board, Chief Executive Officer





Age: 57

Christine Behle

Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board






Jens Bieniek

Chief Financial Officer, Member of the Management Board





Age: 52

Andrea Eck

Member of the Management Board, Responsible for CONTAINER Division





Age: 53

Emanuel Schiffer

Member of the Management Board





Age: 65

Dieter Schumacher

Member of the Management Board, Labor Director






Jens Wollesen

Member of the Management Board






Karl-Heinz Dammann

Member of the Supervisory Board






Melf Grantz

Member of the Supervisory Board








Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service
















Logistics for the break bulk industry | BLG LOGISTICS























Deutsch 
























0
















All services 





Procurement logistics 

Discover our procurement logistics services!





Production logistics 

BLG supports you from production supply and disposal through to on-site logistics





Distribution logistics 

The distribution of your products should be looked after by professionals – learn about BLG's distribution logistics!





Reverse logistics 

We organize your returns and complaints for you – reverse logistics at BLG.





Transport logistics 

By road, rail, and water – learn about our services in transport logistics.





Cargo handling logistics 

Our services in cargo handling logistics cater to every customer requirement.





Supply chain management 

Find out about optimal setup and efficient management of integrated logistics chains.





Value added services 

Benefit from value added services that are tailored to your needs.







Close







We're delighted to take care of you 





Automobile 







Automotive 







Break bulk 







Electronics & High-Tech 







Sports & Fashion 







Consumer products 







Food 







Engineering industry 







Climate and building services 







Shipping and forwarding 







Wind energy 









Close







BREMER LAGERHAUS-GESELLSCHAFT -Aktiengesellschaft von 1877- 





Informations about our share 

Discover more about BLG-share ratios, key data, shareholder structure, dividend and notifications of voting rights!





Financial Reports 

Find here our current financial reports!





Corporate Governance 

Find out more about our Corporate Governance.





Annual General Meeting 2017




Investor Relations calendar 

Find here all our IR-dates at a glance!





Archives 

You can download all our reports and declarations here.







Close







Your career with us 





Training and studies 

Out of school and into professional life. Start now your career at BLG LOGISTICS!





Students 

Just shadowing? Not with us! At our company, you use what you have learned in your studies. Apply for an internship during your studies!





Career entry to the labor market 

Finished your studies? Get off to a flying start with us!





Specialists and managerial staff 

Do you already already have experience but seek a new challenge?





Frequently asked questions 

Questions and answers on the perfect application.





Why BLG LOGISTICS? 

Here we'll show you why you should make a career with BLG LOGISTICS.





Current vacancies 

You can find our current job vacancies here.







Close







A company with tradition and history 





BLG worldwide 

Discover all of our sites throughout the world.





The BLG story 

Find out more about the history of the origin of BLG.





Divisions 

Discover the different divisions at BLG.





Board of Management and Superadvisory Board 

Learn more about the Board of Management, Supervisory Board, and Advisory Board





BLG – excellent 

Learn about the many awards received by BLG.





Sustainability 

Responsible practices at BLG.





Compliance 

Ensuring that laws and in-company guidelines are observed





ELA Award 2016 

BLG LOGISTICS together with its partner engelbert strauss is the winner of the European Logistics Award of the European Logistics Association (ELA).





Digitalization in logistics 

Learn more about smart logistics at BLG LOGISTICS!







Close







Our press area – always up to date 





Press releases 

Here you will find all the press releases of BLG LOGISTICS.





Images and logo 

You can download images of various logistics topics and our logo in high resolution here.





Download brochures 

You can download our brochures and magazines here.





Newsletter 

Subscribe to our newsletter here and stay up to date on BLG LOGISTICS.







Close







Make contact with us directly 





Sites 

Our network of more than 100 BLG LOGISTICS sites in 15 countries.





How to find us 

Find the fastest way to us – by whatever means of transport you choose.





Visitor management 

Find out about company tours for professional visitors.





Webcams 

Would you like to find out what's happening at BLG without stopping by? Come this way!







Close









Break bulk
At the "Neustädter Hafen" port in Bremen, we manage Europe's largest terminal for general and heavy cargo. At our ISPS-certifed facilities, we handle around two million tons of steel and forest products, machinery, equipment, and other oversized goods. Liners and charter ships link Bremen with global destinations. Our well-trained employees and efficient handling equipment ensure high productivity and quality standards in accordance with ISO 9001:2008 and ISO 14001:2004.












Discover the services we can provide for the break bulk industry


Cargo handling and storage


Global shipping following flexible storage in Bremen
At Neustädter Hafen, we handle almost all products from the product groups steel products (pipes, coils, sheets, slabs, beams, etc.) forest products (paper, pulp, sawed lumber, etc.) and machinery/equipment (general cargo, heavy cargo, rail vehicles, road vehicles, etc.). As well as having all of the specialized equipment needed to handle the different products, we have built up many years of experience and expertise – absolutely vital for the proper handling of very diverse products. Unit weights of more than 200 tons can be handled in Neustädter Hafen with port truck cranes and moved with the so-called translifters at the terminal.
Neustädter Hafen has approximately 450,000 m2 of open storage space and operational area, as well as approximately 240,000 m2 of covered storage space. These capacities allow us to accommodate large quantities of goods at any time in the port before shipping or to store them on a long-term basis.
Neustädter Hafen has ideal trimodal transport connections: We have a direct link free of traffic congestion to the road network via the A281. We are connected to the European waterway network via the river Weser and the German Midland Canal. With around 18km of railroad trackage at the terminal and the preceding station of Bremen-Grolland, we are in a position to dispatch multiple block trains at the same time or to take delivery of rail vehicles long before shipping.
Find out more about cargo handling logistics!


Assembly


Assemble heavy cargo right on the water
The port is becoming a workbench: due to the production trend towards ever larger and heavier components, Neustädter Hafen is developing into an important location for major assemblies. Large modules from gas production plants and completely assembled cranes with a unit weight of up to 800 tons have been loaded for shipping at Neustädter Hafen, having been assembled there also. Assembly areas can be provided right by the deep water for sea-going vessels. Forklift trucks, reach stackers, Self-propelled Modular Transporters (SPMT), and port truck cranes with capacity of more than 200 tons are available to assist with the assembly. Furthermore, we offer other services on request, such as the provision of truck-mounted cranes, lifting platforms, scaffolding, etc. It is also possible to rent office space and social areas in the immediate vicinity of the construction area.
Stevedoring and lashing


Loading and securing "on board"
Our associate company Schultze Stevedoring GmbH + Co. KG, in which BLG Cargo Logistics has a 50% stake, provides stevedoring and lashing in all of the ports along the river Weser. Whether your company deals with heavy cargo, valuable steel, or delicate forest products, we would be glad to be your partner for consulting, planning, and securing your cargo on board the ship.
The BLG Cargo Logistics inspectors work hand-in-hand with the inspectors in Schultze Stevedoring. Joint planning of the loading and unloading ensures that the ship is dispatched quickly.
Find out more about stevedoring and lashing!


Systematic engineering


Concepts tailored to your requirements
Our experienced engineering team develops customized holistic concepts to meet your requirements. In addition to the technical elaboration of all transport, storage, and handling processes, our range of services also includes the development and production of storage, transport, and load-bearing systems in accordance with the modular design principle as well as the preparation of method statements.
Containers


Collection, storage and packing of general cargo
Together with our associate company DCP Dettmer Container Packing GmbH + Co. KG, we can offer you comprehensive container services: container freight station, container depot, and container repairs. The large halls in our packing center, which has a total area of more than 30,000 square meters, are ideal for the storage and picking of general cargo and palletized cargo. Neustädter Hafen is directly linked to the container terminals in the city of Bremerhaven via a feeder service.Impressions




























Other industries



Wind energy




Engineering industry



General Terms and Conditions of Business



Download the GTC for BLG Cargo!(PDF / 9 MB)



Price list with terms and conditions



Download the price list with terms and conditions!(PDF / 510 KB)



Breakbulk- and RoRo-Sailings from Bremen and Bremerhaven



Download the sailings list!(PDF / 644 KB)
















Download the London Metal Exchange prices!(PDF / 353 KB)




BLG brochures





Port of Bremen: Neustädter Hafen

Europe's largest terminal for break bulk cargo








Download now!(PDF / 1 MB)







Port handling for oversized goods









Download now!(PDF / 4 MB)









Follow us on Facebook!
(german only)




Contact us!



Download BLG Cargo Logistics phone list here!(PDF / 59 KB)






Our service portfolio is backed up by our expertise in these areas 



Supply chain management

Process management
Technology / IT-management 
Quality management and sustainability


Selected overall value-added services

Customs clearance
Export declarations (AES)
Stowage inspection
Transit procedure according to NCTS
Freeport warehouses


We would be happy to advise you personally!












Contact for break bulk





Fax























Contact for steel products





Fax























Contact for forest products





Fax





















All sites

China
Germany
India
Italy
Malaysia
Poland
Russia
Slovenia
South Africa
Turkey
Ukraine
USA

















Services



Overview


Procurement logistics


Production logistics


Distribution logistics


Reverse logistics


Transport logistics


Cargo handling logistics


 Supply chain management


Value added services




Back



Industries



Overview


Automobile


Automotive


Break bulk


Electronics & High-Tech


Sports & Fashion


Consumer products


Food


Engineering industry


Climate and building services


Shipping and forwarding


Wind energy




Back



Investor Relations



Overview


Informations about our share


Financial Reports


Corporate Governance


Annual General Meeting 2017


Investor Relations calendar


Archives




Back



Careers



Overview


Training and studies


Students


Career entry to the labor market


Specialists and managerial staff


Frequently asked questions


Why BLG LOGISTICS?


Current vacancies




Back



Company



Overview


BLG worldwide


The BLG story


Divisions


Board of Management and Superadvisory Board


BLG – excellent


Sustainability


Compliance


ELA Award 2016


Digitalization in logistics




Back



Press



Overview


Press releases


Images and logo


Download brochures


Newsletter




Back



Contact



Overview


Sites


How to find us


Visitor management


Webcams




Back




Our sites

Deutsche Version





Item wurde entfernt




Item wurde hinzugefügt







Commercial Credit Report for Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft AG Von 1877 - Report Preview
















































CreditRiskMonitor helps corporate credit, procurement and finance professionals stay ahead of financial risk with comprehensive commercial credit reports, risk analysis and monitoring for more than 57,000 active, publicly-traded companies worldwide. 
                                    Reports typically include detailed financial statements, ratios, peer analyses, bond agency ratings from Moody's, S&P and Fitch, when available, and our proprietary FRISK® score, proven 96% accurate in predicting financial failure of public companies. Below is a partial preview of the CreditRiskMonitor report for Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft AG Von 1877.
                                To get the full report on this and other companies at no charge, request a personal demo and free trial.
                                
                                To purchase this report now, or if you are a subscriber, click here.







Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft AG Von 1877



Praesident-Kennedy-Platz 1


Phone: +49 4213983382p:+49 4213983382
BREMEN, 28203  Germany
Ticker:
              BLHBLH






Business Summary




Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 is a Germany-based provider of logistics services. The Company operates through three segments: Automobile, Contract and Container. The Automobile segment provides logistics services for the export and import of vehicles via overland routes and waterways. The Contract segment offers logistics solutions for automobile parts, industry and trade, as well as the offshore wind industry. The Container segment comprises a joint venture with EUROGATE GmbH & Co KGaA, through which the Company operates a European network of container terminals and provides intermodal transport services. The Company also offers cargo handling services, storage and technical services, freight forwarding, storage and handling for refrigerated goods, order picking, finishing and quality control for consumer products.(Source: Company's Website)


Scores and Ratings




FRISK®Score
Z''Score
IRA CQScore
DBTIndex
S&PRating
Moody'sRating
FitchRating

YesYes-----


Financials, News and Filings




LatestStatement
LastAudit
News
SECFilings
BankruptcyFilings
Suit &JudgmentFilings
TaxLienFilings

12/31/201612/31/2016Yes----


Industries



SIC Code
Description


8742
Management consulting services


4225
General warehousing and storage


4731
Arrangement of transportation of freight and cargo





Officers and Directors



Title
Name
Age
TitleDate
StartDate


Chairman of the Supervisory Board
Stephan-AndreasKaulvers

5/31/2012
6/21/2006


Chairman of the Management Board, Chief Executive Officer
FrankDreeke
57
6/1/2013
1/1/2013


Deputy Chairman of the Supervisory Board
ChristineBehle

5/23/2013
1/1/2013


10 additional Officers and Directors records available in full report.





Business Names



Business Name


ARNO ROSENLÖCHER


BLH


Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft AG


KITZINGER & CO.





General Information



Number of Employees:
8,027
 (As of 12/31/2014) 


Outstanding Shares:
3,840,000
 (As of 12/31/2016) 


Shareholders:
55,169



Stock Exchange:
FRA


Fax Number:
+49 4213983233
















Copyright © 2017 CreditRiskMonitor.com (Ticker: CRMZ).  
All rights reserved.     

By using this website, you accept the Terms of Use Agreement. 
Fundamental financial data concerning public companies may be provided by Thomson Reuters (click for restrictions)

Thursday, August 03, 2017




SITE MAP | ABOUT US | DIRECTORY | STOCK QUOTE: CRMZ | SIGN IN







 















Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877, BLH:FRA profile - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877BLH:FRASelect symbolGermanyBLH:FRAFrankfurt Stock ExchangeBLH:BERBerlin Stock ExchangeBLH:HAMHamburg Stock ExchangeBLHG:DEUGerman CompositeSwedenBLHGEUR:STOStockholmsborsen - cashUnited Kingdom0MDE:LSELondon Stock ExchangeFranceBLHG:PARParis Stock ExchangeSwitzerlandOXBLH:SWXSIX Swiss ExchangeBremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877ActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertIndustrialsIndustrial TransportationPrice (EUR)14.80Today's Change0.00 / 0.00%Shares traded0.001 Year change-12.53%Beta0.2405Data delayed at least 15 minutes, as of Aug 03 2017 07:06 BST.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.





Profile data is unavailable for this security.About the companyBremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 is a Germany-based provider of logistics services. The Company operates through three segments: Automobile, Contract and Container. The Automobile segment provides logistics services for the export and import of vehicles via overland routes and waterways. The Contract segment offers logistics solutions for automobile parts, industry and trade, as well as the offshore wind industry. The Container segment comprises a joint venture with EUROGATE GmbH & Co KGaA, through which the Company operates a European network of container terminals and provides intermodal transport services. The Company also offers cargo handling services, storage and technical services, freight forwarding, storage and handling for refrigerated goods, order picking, finishing and quality control for consumer products. Revenue in EUR (TTM)1.05bnNet income in EUR1.72mIncorporated--Employees8.03kLocationBremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877Praesident-Kennedy-Platz 1BREMEN 28203GermanyDEUPhone+49 4 213983382Fax+49 4 213983233Websitehttps://www.blg-logistics.comMore ▼Peer analysisKey InformationKey InformationStock PerformancePer Share DataEfficiencyManagement EffectivenessProfitabilityFinancial StrengthGrowth RatesCompanyRevenue (TTM)Net income (TTM)Market capEmployeesPrice/earnings (TTM)Price/book value (MRQ)Price/cash flow (TTM)Price/sales (TTM)EPS (excl. extraordinary items, TTM)EPS (incl. extraordinary items, TTM)Revenue per share (TTM)Book value per share (MRQ)Asset turnover (TTM)Inventory turnover (TTM)Receivables turnover (TTM)Revenues per employee (TTM)Return on avg assets (TTM)Return on avg assets (5 yr avg)Return on investment (TTM)Return on investment (5 yr avg)Gross margin (TTM)Gross margin(5 yr avg)Net profit margin (TTM)Net Profit margin(5 yr avg)Quick ratio (MRQ)Interest coverage (TTM)Total debt to capital (MRQ)Payout ratio(5 yr avg)Revenue(YOY change %)Revenue(5 yr growth rate)Net income(YOY change %)Net income(5 yr growth rate)Capital expenditure(5 yr growth rate)Dividend(5 yr growth rate)11 88 0 Solutions AG43.34m-14.25m13.47m626.00--0.6229--0.3109-0.7418-0.74022.281.131.12--4.4974,982.70-36.783.41-47.234.7737.9850.55-32.894.56----0.00314.93-16.48-16.48-59.62--0.1469--Infas Holding AG22.73m998.95k24.72m121.0024.755.5918.041.090.1110.02382.530.49121.13100.7130.54--4.967.2310.3213.8053.5153.814.406.661.3916.490.010928.2317.140.2778-12.09-3.8714.87--DocCheck  AG25.92m2.66m45.30m205.0017.132.2613.961.750.5300.5305.184.010.9977.767.22--10.268.0913.3210.1163.8664.8910.298.562.67--0.001881.98-3.287.53-7.5013.8211.209.86Deufol SE340.96m5.06m47.28m2.56k9.270.43233.270.13870.11650.11657.862.501.4711.737.56--2.000.86082.951.3053.6248.581.360.59260.94384.100.37850.004.961.5853.508.619.76--Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft AG Von 18771.05bn1.72m56.83m8.03k33.120.7456--0.05440.44690.4469272.3019.851.45--5.75--4.303.229.848.73--50.932.962.441.01--0.553976.7611.40-0.5930.8226-4.98-27.610.00Francotyp-Postalia Holding AG207.15m5.70m95.36m1.05k16.902.483.970.46040.34620.346212.622.361.278.0910.36196,907.803.603.326.696.4757.0460.012.832.660.9611--0.484735.376.244.9665.31--12.55--Fernheizwerk Neukoelln AG34.96m6.78m95.57m42.0014.092.189.112.732.952.9515.2019.020.641914.1238.86832,470.7012.4510.3714.3212.1052.3947.3719.3916.262.17396.630.0066.407.315.2531.236.32-11.351.99Syzygy AG64.64m4.87m142.01m565.0028.952.7721.362.200.38240.38245.073.990.8114--3.45111,839.106.057.558.6510.6325.3727.347.4611.53----0.0062.7512.1517.827.3911.60-4.8313.70Data as of Aug 03 2017. Currency figures normalised to Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877's reporting currency: Euro EUR 
Income statement (EUR)Year on year Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 had no change in net income (1.72m) despite revenues that grew 11.40% from 938.61m to 1.05bn. A contributing factor has been an increase in the selling, general and administrative costs as a percentage of sales from 33.73% to 36.06%.FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 



Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft AG von 1877: Information about the annual general meeting





























Back to page


Print




Skip to
				navigation (Press Enter).
Skip to main
				content (Press Enter).











Applications



    Codelist


    Investors Portal


    File Service Custody


    EDT Portal


    CreationOnline


    Xact File Transfer via Internet


    Xact Web Portal


    Billing Portal


    BO Upload


    CBF File Service








Markets & Asset Classes

Key Documents

Newsroom 

Events

Contacts & Client Services













Main Menu


About Clearstream

 Who we are

Legal InformationOffice Locations

 Reports and ratings

Annual Reports

 Becoming a Clearstream customer

 Company Governance

Shareholding StructureSupervisory BoardsExecutive BoardGroup Committees

 Corporate Responsibility

Art collection

 Awards and Achievements

 Regulation

Articles of AssociationBaFin Three Point DeclarationBanking LicenceBIS-IOSCO Disclosure FrameworkCentral Securities Depositories Regulation (CSDR)FAQsCode of conductPrice transparencyAccess & InteroperabilityUnbundlingCompensation FundISAE ReportPillar III Disclosure ReportRegulatory OversightRemuneration informationPrior to 2014From 2014 onwardsGovernanceUSA Patriot Act CertificationWolfsberg questionnaire

 Career

Open positionsStudents - InternsGraduatesProfessionalsOur offices





 Who we are
 Becoming a Clearstream customer
 Corporate Responsibility
 Regulation


 Reports and ratings
 Company Governance
 Awards and Achievements
 Career







Products and Services

 OneClearstream

 Asset services

Asset services overviewCorporate actionsCorporate actions ICSDCorporate actions CSD FrankfurtIncome processingIncome processing ICSDAutomatic FXIncome processing CSDProxy VotingReportingTax and certificationCommon Reporting StandardCustomer Tax GuideCustomer trainingFATCASelf-certificationRelief at SourceTaxboxTax MatrixTax Reclaim ServiceUpload BO listFAQsNews

 Cash and banking services

Cash and banking overviewEligible currenciesCommercial bank money servicesTreasuryEuro Night-time Funding linkAutomatic FXCreditIntraday Technical OverdraftUnconfirmed Funds FacilityUmbrella credit and collateral servicesCentral bank money servicesT2S DCA cash reporting service

 Connectivity 

CASCADE/T2SCASCADE OnlineCASCADE via File TransferCASCADE via SWIFTCASCADE via MQT2S GUIT2S via SWIFT/SIA-ColtCASCADE formsCash ReportsLending ReportsSettlement ReportsCustody ReportsInformation ReportsTaxbox formsJob Setup Request formsRelease informationTesting and SimulationClearstreamXactXact Web PortalXact File TransferIncome Monitoring ToolXact via SWIFTRelease informationCreationOnlineSWIFT MyStandardsVestima

 Global Securities Financing

Global Liquidity HubGlobal Liquidity Hub for OTC derivativesGlobal Liquidity Hub with T2SGlobal Liquidity Hub ICSD servicesTriparty collateral services (CmaX)RepoTriparty RepoGC Pooling€GCSecurities lendingCollateral managementPledge to central banksCCP marginingInitial margin segregationOTC CollateralSecurities lending and borrowingAutomated Securities Lending and BorrowingASLASL principalStrategic securities lendingPrincipal lending (ASLplus)Agency lending via CCPAgency lendingSecurities lending for central banksGlobal Liquidity Hub CSD servicesTriparty collateral services (Xemac)Pledge to central banksCCP marginingServices for secured instrumentsGC PoolingOTC CollateralSecurities lending and borrowingAutomated Securities Lending (ASL)Strategic Securities Lending (SSL)KAGplusGlobal Liquidity Hub partnershipsLiquidity Hub CollectLiquidity Hub ConnectLiquidy Hub GOLiquidity Hub SelectLiquidity AllianceMembersResearchNewslettersNewsKey documentationContactsSales and Client RelationsContinental Europe, Middle East and AfricaUK, Ireland, the Americas and APACLending distribution deskProduct ManagementOperations

 Investment Fund Services

VestimaMarket coverageDistributors and Fund PlatformsOrdering fundsSettlement and CustodySettlementCustodyTransfer servicesRegistrar Monitoring ReportInvestment Funds Reference DataFund AcceptanceTransparency of holdingsInvestment Funds as CollateralFund ProvidersReceiving ordersSettlement and CustodyISIN Issuance and AcceptanceTransparencyTransparency of holdingsTransparency of transactionsCentral Facility for FundsNewslettersNewsKey documentationContacts

 Issuance

Global Issuer HubIssuance with T2SIssuance modelsICSDCSDIssuance servicesAdvisory servicesSecurities admissionCode allocationCode pre-allocationElectronic document transferPrimary DistributionPost-issuance servicesMarkups and markdownsDisclosureRegistered sharesSecured instrumentsSafekeeping and vaultsReference Data ServicesContacts

 IT Solutions

OverviewHosting solutionsConnectivity solutionsOperational solutionsNewsContacts

 Settlement

Commercial bank money settlement (ICSD)Settlement overviewInternalBridgeExternalThe settlement dayLocal market time deadlinesSettlement processing cyclesNetting algorithmsCentral bank money (CSD)Settlement typesSettlement cyclesStock Exchange and Eurex CCP tradesSettlement servicesICSD pre-matching servicesICSD matching servicesICSD umbrella credit & collateralICSD automatic securities lending (ASL)ICSD settlement sequence managementICSD Euro night-time funding linkICSD fails managementCSD CASCADE FOP matchingICSD and CSD CASCADE realignmentCSD GBC conversionsCSD TEFRA DCSD registered sharesRegistered shares announcementsRegistered Shares in CSCInvestors PortalFAQsNews

 Market coverage

Markets coveredMulti-market securitiesAmericasArgentinaAnnouncementsBrazilAnnouncementsCanadaAnnouncementsMexicoAnnouncements United States of AmericaAnnouncementsUruguayAnnouncements  Asia PacificAustraliaAnnouncements ChinaAnnouncementsHong KongAnnouncementsIndonesiaAnnouncementsJapanAnnouncements  MalaysiaAnnouncementsNew ZealandAnnouncementsPhilippinesAnnouncementsSingaporeAnnouncementsSouth KoreaAnnouncementsTaiwanAnnouncementsThailandAnnouncementsEurope T2SAustriaAnnouncementsBelgiumAnnouncementsDenmarkAnnouncementsEstoniaAnnouncementsFinlandAnnouncementsFranceAnnouncementsGermanyAnnouncementsGreeceAnnouncementsHungaryAnnouncementsItalyAnnouncementsLatviaAnnouncementsLithuaniaAnnouncementsLuxembourgAnnouncementsMaltaAnnouncementsNetherlandsAnnouncementsPortugalAnnouncementsRomaniaAnnouncementsSlovak RepublicAnnouncementsSloveniaAnnouncementsSpainAnnouncementsSwitzerlandAnnouncementsEurope non-T2SArmeniaAnnouncementsBulgariaAnnouncementsCroatiaAnnouncementsCyprusAnnouncementsCzech RepublicAnnouncementsGeorgiaAnnouncementsIcelandAnnouncementsIrelandAnnouncementsNorwayAnnouncementsPolandAnnouncementsRussiaAnnouncementsSwedenAnnouncementsTurkeyAnnouncementsUnited KingdomAnnouncementsMiddle East and AfricaDubai (NASDAQ Dubai)AnnouncementsIsraelAnnouncementsSouth AfricaAnnouncementsInternationalAnnouncements

 Asset types

SecuritiesFixed Income SecuritiesEquitiesDepository receiptsInvestment Fund ServicesEntitlementsStructured productsCashOthers





 OneClearstream
 Cash and banking services
 Global Securities Financing
 Issuance
 Settlement
 Asset types


 Asset services
 Connectivity 
 Investment Fund Services
 IT Solutions
 Market coverage







Strategy and Initiatives

 Asset safety

Due diligence informationVestima Asset SafetyInvestor Money Regulation (IMR)

 Market harmonisation

ISMAGISMAG OrganisationRecommendations and Market Practice BookTaxonomyAt issuanceDuring a security’s life cycle - post-issuanceMarket Framework

 China strategy

China Bond LinkStock ConnectMutual Recognition of FundsCEINEXStudies

 Regulatory solutions

AIFMD & UCITS VCapital Markets UnionEMIR

 Partnerships 

Liquidity AllianceMembersResearch

 Studies

The T2S OpportunityRMB internationalisationThe Changing Dynamics of Investment Fund ProcessingUnlocking the Potential in CollateralT2S potential to reduce Basel III capital shortfallSettlement interoperabilityCollateral optimisation – the value chain of collateralAssociated businessesEurex Clearing CCP white paperCollateral management practices of central banksMutual Recognition for Funds - Mainland China/Hong KongOperational transition in wealth managementWhat's next for funds?

 Bylined articles

Settlement and CustodyGlobal Securities FinancingInvestment Fund ServicesIssuanceTalking to Clearstream's Executive ManagementAssociated BusinessesFinTech

 Videos

 TARGET2-Securities

Your opportunityGet ready for T2SDetailed Functional DescriptionsInformation by waveWave 1Wave 2Wave 3Wave 4Final WaveT2S InsightT2S News





 Asset safety
 China strategy
 Partnerships 
 Bylined articles
 TARGET2-Securities


 Market harmonisation
 Regulatory solutions
 Studies
 Videos















My Clearstream




Clearstream
Products and Services
Settlement
Settlement services
CSD registered shares






Share

















	Print



Print


Add to Print Basket


Show my Print Basket












OneClearstream


Asset services


Cash and banking services


Connectivity 


Global Securities Financing


Investment Fund Services


Issuance


IT Solutions


Settlement


Commercial bank money settlement (ICSD)


Central bank money (CSD)


Settlement services


ICSD pre-matching services


ICSD matching services


ICSD umbrella credit & collateral


ICSD automatic securities lending (ASL)


ICSD settlement sequence management


ICSD Euro night-time funding link


ICSD fails management


CSD CASCADE FOP matching


ICSD and CSD CASCADE realignment


CSD GBC conversions


CSD TEFRA D


CSD registered shares


Registered shares announcements


Registered Shares in CSC


Investors Portal






FAQs


News




Market coverage


Asset types









			Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft AG von 1877: Information about the annual general meeting




      25.04.2016

Clearstream Banking1 informs customers that the annual general meeting of Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft AG von 1877 (ISIN DE0005261606) will take place on24. Mai 2016.In the interests of the shareholders of Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft AG, Clearstream Banking would like to remind all customers of the statutory obligation of banks to re-register/register the positions in the name of the shareholders.In order to avoid discrepancies in the share register resulting from the large number of unregistered positions, re-registrations in the names of the new shareholders must be carried out as soon as possible after the respective purchase transaction. In addition to registrations in the names of shareholders, it is also possible to register shares in the name of a depository bank acting as nominee.Information on instructions in CASCADE-RSOwing to the annual general meeting of Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft AG, the transmission of re-registration and registration instructions from CASCADE-RS to the share register will be suspended as follows.DE0005261606Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft AG von 1877 Last re-registration day17 May 2016Transmission stopFrom 18 May 2016 until  24 May 2016Next transmission25 May 2016Position transfer without relevance for the registered holdingsInstructions to 17 May 2016 inclusive with value date 19 May 2016;Instructions from 18 May 2016 are possible with all value datesDelivery remains unaffectedClearstream Banking will not block holdings at any time. After confirmation of the re-registration by the share register, securities of the registered holdings are managed in CASCADE-RS in registered positions. The entering and processing of instructions for position transfers both from the allocated positions following successful allocation processing as well as from registered positions in the deliverable unregistered positions for fulfilling delivery obligations is possible in an unrestricted manner at any time during the foreseen processing cycles if there are sufficient holdings. Schedules to be observed when instructing position transfers before the annual general meeting are described in the previous paragraph.------------------------------------------1. This Announcement is published by Clearstream Banking AG (CBF), registered office at Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany, registered with the Commercial Register of the District Court in Frankfurt am Main, Germany, under number HRB 7500.



Also available in 



						German
					| 


						English






					Reference Number
				RS16065


					Entities
				CBF


					Products and Services
				Registered Shares


					Market
				Germany




Contact
Registered Shares  Team
Email:
registeredshares@clearstream.com
Phone:
+49-(0) 69-2 11-1 13 00
Fax:
+49-(0) 69-2 11-61 13 00













  © Clearstream


  Imprint


  Disclaimer


  Privacy Policy


  Trademarks




Top




















Related Sites



    Deutsche Börse


    Eurex 


    LuxCSD


    Market Data + Services


    REGIS-TR


    Xetra-Gold


    360T


  Other group websites












BREMER LAGERHAUS GESELLSCHAFT AKTIENGESELLSCHAFT VON 1877 Share Price - BLH Share Price Quotes, Charts, RNS & Stock Market News

 



















 



























































Focus on All Regions
Focus on Developed Asia








Focus on Australasia
Focus on Australasia








Focus on Canada
Focus on Canada








Focus on Europe
Focus on Europe








Focus on UK
Focus on UK








Focus on India
Focus on India








Focus on United States
Focus on United States














 Home 






Homepage
The latest Stockopedia News




Risers and Fallers
Browse lists of movers




Browse Directory
30,000+ Stocks, ETFs, Trusts



Browse Sectors
Sector Navigator



Browse Indices
Major international benchmarks





Regular Columns
The latest from our writers

Small Cap Value Report
StockRank Reviews
GuruScreen Reviews

Technical Analysis
Portfolio tips
Stock in Focus

Site Announcements







                     Features
                   

 Overview
 StockReports
 StockRanks
 Folios
 Screener
 Charts



 Pricing


 Reviews


 Discuss






Discussion Stream
Smart investor community

Active Threads
New Posts
Most Popular
Most Discussed
On your Favourites




Start a Discussion
Share your ideas or writing



Syndicate your Blog
Benefits for Contributors



Fantasy Funds
Test strategies without risk



Invite a Friend
Gain subscription discounts







Help






Read the Guide
Your questions answered




Videos & Webinars
Learn about key features



Read our eBooks
Investing wisdom distilled



Glossary of Terms
Definitions of ratios



Blog Courses
Our best blogs organised




Vote on Features
What shall we build next?



Contact Support
Having trouble?










Signup

Login







Ranked vs Central Europe Peers
  

Rank vs Central Europe  Peers
Rank vs Europe  Peers
Rank vs Global Peers
 Settings

Home/Shares/Industrials/Freight & Logistics Services/Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877





        
        


           Take a trial of Europe to unlock this pageFind out more











© Stockopedia 3rd August, 2017



Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877



BLH

€14.8




		0.0  0.0%
	



 
                            7:06am                                                  


Highly Speculative,
                                                Small Cap,
                                           
                                                Value Trap










Market Cap

                            £50.8m                          

 Enterprise Value

                            £410.7m                          


Revenue

                             £934.9m                          



                                        Position in Universe
                                    
                                                                        722nd / 959                                  
                                                        






Quality






Value






Momentum





StockRank™ 
        
      

















					StockReport™



                        Tools

BLH Valuation Models
BLH Strategy Checklists
BLH Compared to Peers
Industrials Sector
Freight & Logistics Services Industry




                        Accounts

BLH Balance Sheet
BLH Income Statement
BLH Cashflow Statement
BLH Dividend Summary
BLH Directors Dealings





                        News

BLH News Announcements
BLH on Google News



                     Chart


          Discuss











 



 







		Momentum
	



Relative Strength (%)


1m




3m




1yr




Volume Change (%)


10d v 3m




Price vs... (%) 


52w High




50d MA




200d MA





 



     Subscriber Only


vs.market
vs.industry

			Growth & Value
		



12m Forecast Rolling 

PE Ratio  (ttm)  

                                    19.4                                










 
PEG Ratio
 (ttm) 













 EPS Growth  (ttm) 


%









 Dividend Yield  (ttm)  

%










Valuation  (ttm)  
 Price to Book Value
0.75










 Price to Tang. Book











 Price to Free Cashflow











 Price to Sales











 EV to EBITDA



























Margin of Safety (beta)



     Subscriber Only
 






◀ 
▶
 Screens Passed 													1



     Subscriber Only
 
 






     Subscriber Only
 
vs.market
vs.industry
Quality



 Return on Capital

%









 Return on Equity

%









 Operating Margin

%











 






     Subscriber Only



→


Balance Sheet ·
		Income Statement ·
		Cashflow

Financial Summary













Year End 31st Dec 


															2011							
						


															2012							
						


															2013							
						


															2014							
						


															2015							
						


															2016							
						


															2017E							
						


															2018E							
						
CAGR / Avg 




Revenue
€m
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Operating Profit
€m
 
 
 
 
 
 





Net Profit
€m
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




EPS Reported
€
 
 
 
 
 
 





EPS Normalised
€
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




EPS Growth
%






 
 



PE Ratio
x











PEG
x









Profitability

Operating Margin
%











ROA
%











ROCE
%











ROE
%










Cashflow

Op. Cashflow ps
€











Capex ps
€











Free Cashflow ps
€













								 Last ex-div: 19th May,
									 paid: 23rd May 
more...


												Dividends
					


Dividend ps
€











Dividend Growth
%






 
 



Dividend Yield
%






 
 



Dividend Cover
x










Balance Sheet

Cash etc
€m
 
 
 
 
 
 





Working Capital
€m
 
 
 
 
 
 





Net Fixed Assets
€m
 
 
 
 
 
 





Net Debt
€m
 
 
 
 
 
 





Book Value
€m
 
 
 
 
 
 





Average Shares
m
 
 
 
 
 
 





Book Value ps
€
 
 
 
 
 
 


+34.8%





FINANCIAL BRIEF: For the fiscal year ended 31 December 2016, Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft AG Von 1877 revenues increased 11% to EUR1.05B. Net income increased 1% to EUR1.7M. Revenues reflect an increase in demand for the Company's products and services due to favorable market conditions. Net income was partially offset by Personnel Expenses increase of 19% to EUR377M (expense), As Reported Other Operating Expense increase of 14% to EUR194.9M (expense).  more » 










  
Piotroski F-Score 

Health Trend





Subscriber Only

 



  
Altman Z2-Score  
Bankruptcy Risk





Premium Only

 



 


Earnings Manipulation Risk


Beneish M-Score  







 


 Further Details  



Magic Formula Score






				D-			



			    	D-			    





     Subscriber Only
 
Other Ratios





					Leverage (ttm)
				

Total
				
 
-Intang
				
+Pension
				


Gross Gearing
%








Net Gearing
%








Cash / Assets
%













							Liquidity (ttm)
						


Curr. Ratio




Quick Ratio




Interest Cov.












							Efficiency (ttm)
						


Asset Turnover



Rec's Turnover



Stock Turnover









     Subscriber Only
 
vs.market
vs.industry
Recent History




Latest interim period (ended 31st Dec '16) vs. prior year  

 Sales Growth

%









 EPS Growth

%










3yr Compound Annual Growth Rate

 Sales Growth

%









 EPS Growth

%









 DPS Growth

%

















     Subscriber Only
 
Graphical History
Current Fiscal Year 2017	





						Revenue
					






						Net Profit
					






						Normalised EPS
					






						PE Ratio Range
					






						Dividend Yield Range
					




 





     Subscriber Only
 



Broker Forecasts




31st Dec 2017				



31st Dec 2018				




















					Price Target: 

						
														N/A
						
					 

Net Profit
EPS
DPS

Net Profit
EPS
DPS



							Est. Long Term Growth Rate: n/a				
(€)
(€)
(€)

(€)
(€)
(€)




Consensus Estimate









1m Change





















3m Change





























 
Broker Consensus Trend




Premium Only

 

     Subscriber Only
 



					Broker Recommendations for Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877				










Recommendation:Strong SellSellHoldBuyStrong Buy

No. of Analysts:







Named Brokers and Analysts
																
																				Samsung Securities								,
																					



 






					Home Page				

Profile Summary











						Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 is a Germany-based provider of logistics services. The Company operates through three segments: Automobile, Contract and Container. The Automobile segment provides logistics services for the export and import of vehicles via overland routes and waterways. The Contract segment offers logistics solutions for automobile parts, industry and trade, as well as the offshore wind industry. The Container segment comprises a joint venture with EUROGATE GmbH & Co KGaA, through which the Company operates a European network of container terminals and provides intermodal transport services. The Company also offers cargo handling services, storage and technical services, freight forwarding, storage and handling for refrigerated goods, order picking, finishing and quality control for consumer products. 					

Directors:

										Stephan-Andreas										Kaulvers 
(CSU)  ,

										Frank										Dreeke 
(CMG)  57,

										Christine										Behle 
(VSU)  ,

										Jens										Bieniek 
(CFO)  52,

										Andrea										Eck 
(MGB)  53,

										Emanuel										Schiffer 
(MGB)  65,

										Dieter										Schumacher 
(MGB)  ,

										Jens										Wollesen 
(MGB)  ,

										Karl-Heinz										Dammann 
(SUB)  ,

										Melf										Grantz 
(SUB)  ,

										Martin										Guenthner 
(SUB)  ,

										Birgit										Holtmann 
(SUB)  ,

										Wolfgang										Lemke 
(SUB)  ,


No. of Employees:
8,027

No. of Shareholders:
								n/a







Last Annual
December 31st, 2016


Last Interim
December 31st, 2016








Shares in Issue
3,840,000


Free Float
3.84m (100.0%)









Sector
Industrials 


Industry
Freight & Logistics Services 


Index




Exchange



											Frankfurt Stock Exchange											
																					



											Eligible for
										


											an ISA?  
											a SIPP? 















Address
									

Praesident-Kennedy-Platz 1, BREMEN, 28203, Germany 



Web
https://www.blg-logistics.com


Phone
									

+49 421 3983382 


Contact
									


																					Ina Oeing (Head of Investor Relations)
																					



Auditors
									
Ernst & Young GmbH














BLH Share Price Performance
BLHQuote











BLH Share Price EUR


€14.8





Day's Change





		0.0  0.0%
	






Traded 7:06am · Minimum 15 min delayed ·
									NMS:  								





Volume
 

Bid - Ask
 

Low - High
 

Spread
											95bps
										



Avg Vol (3m)
											181										

Open - Close
 

12m Range
											9.0 - 22.0										

Beta
                                                                                            0.42										






















									more »
								

Latest

							 BLH News Announcements (delayed) 





				8th May			



					BRIEF-Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft says BLG Logistics takes over forwarding company Kitzinger & Co.				




				29th Jun '16			



					BRIEF-Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft says BLG Logistics and Grimaldi become partners in Gioia Tauro				




				24th May '16			



					BRIEF-Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft sees sales of over 1 bln euros in 2016				




				15th Jan '16			



					BRIEF-Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft takes over parts of plant logistics management for BMW				




				29th Apr '15			



					BRIEF-Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft FY 2014 revenue up at EUR 882.8 mln				







Upcoming BLH Events




											Friday 29th September, 2017																					

											Q2 2017 Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 Earnings Release										


Recent ↓



												Friday 19th May, 2017																							

												Dividend For BLH											



												Thursday 18th May, 2017																							

												Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 Annual Shareholders Meeting											



												Wednesday 17th May, 2017																							

												Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 Annual Shareholders Meeting											



												Wednesday 5th April, 2017																							

												Q4 2016 Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 Earnings Release											



												Friday 14th October, 2016																							

												Q2 2016 Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 Earnings Release											



												Thursday 15th September, 2016																							

												Q2 2016 Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft Aktiengesellschaft Von 1877 Earnings Release											



												Wednesday 25th May, 2016																							

												Dividend For BLH.F											



												Tuesday 24th May, 2016																							

												Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft AG von 1877 Annual Shareholders Meeting											



												Thursday 28th May, 2015																							

												Dividend For BLH.F											



												Wednesday 27th May, 2015																							

												Bremer Lagerhaus Gesellschaft AG von 1877 Annual Shareholders Meeting											



												Monday 2nd June, 2014																							

												Dividend For BLH.F											











▲
▼
Industry Peer Group







 





Logwin AG 
Compare vs BLH








 





Logwin AG 
Compare vs BLH








 





Panalpina Welttran… 
Compare vs BLH








 





Oesterreichische P… 
Compare vs BLH








 





Deutsche Post AG 
Compare vs BLH








 




Bremer Lagerhaus G… 
Compare vs BLH












                            Freight & Logistics Services                        



                            Industrials                        





 








				Use of our data service is subject to express Terms of Service. Please see our full site disclaimer for more details. In particular, it is very important to do your own research (DYOR) and seek professional advice before making any investment based on your own personal circumstances. Please note that the information, data and analysis contained within this stock report: (a) include the proprietary information of Stockopedia's third party licensors and Stockopedia; (b) should not be copied or redistributed except as specifically authorised; and (c) are not warranted to be complete, accurate or timely. You should independently research and verify any information that you find in this report. Stockopedia will not be liable in respect of any loss, trading or otherwise, that you may suffer arising out of such information or any reliance you may place upon it. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The value and income derived from investments may go down as well as up. © Stockopedia 2017.

			












Should you buy BLH
Access BLH Analytics Now!

FREE TRIAL or
					TAKE THE TOUR








Let’s get you setup so you get the most out of our service




Currency:

GBP (£)
USD ($)
EUR (€)



First, let’s give your first folio a name, anything will do...

Done, Let's add some stocks






Brilliant - You've created a folio! Now let's add some stocks to it.

Enter any stocks you own or are interested in, into your folio - Name or ticker is fine.



Apple (AAPL)
Shell (RDSA)
Twitter (TWTR)
Volkswagon AG (VOK)
McDonalds (MCD)
Vodafone (VOD)
Barratt Homes (BDEV)
Microsoft (MSFT)
Tesco (TSCO)

Save and show me my analysis













						Stockopedia
					

About us


Careers


Our Team


Reviews




						Legals
					

Terms of Use


Privacy


Disclaimer


Cookies




						Help
					

Search


FAQs


Blog Archive


Contact Us 




						Data Providers
					









					    Timeliness
					


							EU Fundamentals: 3rd Aug						



							US Fundamentals: 3rd Aug						



							Asia Fundamentals: 3rd Aug						



							Oz Fundamentals: 3rd Aug						



							Quotes: every 15 mins
						














				© 2017 Stockopedia, Thomson Reuters,
								 Share Data Services.
			




			This site cannot substitute for professional investment advice or independent factual verification. To use it, you must accept our Terms of Use, Privacy and Disclaimer policies.
			































Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft Von 1877 : BLG celebrates anniversary in Erfurt | 4-Traders













































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Deutsche Boerse AG  >  Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft AG Von 1877    BLH   DE0005261606










     BREMER LAGERHAUS GESLSCHFT AG VON 1877 (BLH)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 Delayed  - 08/03 08:06:49 am

14.8
EUR
 
--.--%










04:42p BREMER LAGERHAU : BLG and Fenix confirmed joint long term strategy f..


06/16 BREMER LAGERHAU : BLG celebrates anniversary in Erfurt


05/18 BREMER LAGERHAU : BLG LOGISTICS takes on new business for Siemens

 







SummaryQuotesChartsNewsCalendarCompanyFinancials News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




Bremer Lagerhaus Geslschft Von 1877 : BLG celebrates anniversary in Erfurt



































0






06/16/2017 | 10:40am CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields






      June 16, 2017 At its Erfurt location, BLG LOGISTICS has been supplying services to IKEA since 1997. Having grown to a total floor space of 478,000 square meters, the Distribution Center Erfurt (DC Erfurt) offers the capacity for some 360,000 pallets. Goods are stored in 13 conventional warehouses plus one fully automated and two semi-automated high-rack warehouses. This makes the Distribution Center among the largest warehouse locations in IKEA's global distribution network.
    


        After signing the contract with IKEA in 1996, BLG LOGISTICS started operations in the DC Erfurt on April 1, 1997. Initially, 30 employees worked on an area of 80,000 square meters. Since then, the facility has grown steadily and was expanded in three construction phases. Today up to 350 employees work in the logistics center in Erfurt at peak times.
      

        Thomas Winkelmann, Location Manager at the DC Erfurt, explains: 'I'm delighted that we've been successfully operating the Erfurt logistics center for IKEA for 20 years. From here, we supply all 52 German furniture stores as well as four logistics units. Naturally we're proud of the fact that IKEA has been relying on BLG LOGISTICS expertise ever since we opened.'
      

        To mark the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the location, BLG LOGISTICS has invited all its employees to a special celebration.
      



BLG - Bremer Lagerhaus-Gesellschaft AG published this content on 16 June 2017 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on  16 June 2017 08:40:04 UTC.
          


Original documenthttps://www.blg-logistics.com/en/press/press-releases/pm-2017-06-16
Public permalinkhttp://www.publicnow.com/view/2BF74DAAC472A061D0B3652016175A73716BEDDF























































0






 






Latest news on BREMER LAGERHAUS GESLSCHFT




04:42p BREMER LAGERHAUS GESLSCHFT VON 1877 : BLG and Fenix confirmed joint long term st..

06/16 BREMER LAGERHAUS GESLSCHFT VON 1877 : BLG celebrates anniversary in Erfurt

05/18 BREMER LAGERHAUS GESLSCHFT VON 1877 : BLG LOGISTICS takes on new business for Si..

05/08 BREMER LAGERHAUS GESLSCHFT VON 1877 : BLG takes over Kitzinger logistics group

03/10 DGAP-NEWS : BREMER LAGERHAUS-GESELLSCHAFT -Aktiengesellschaft von 1877-: Veröffe..

02/20 BREMER LAGERHAUS GESLSCHFT VON 1877 : BLG contributes to road safety

02/06 BREMER LAGERHAUS GESLSCHFT VON 1877 : Christian Dieckhöfer is new Managing Direc..

01/16 DGAP-AFR : BREMER LAGERHAUS-GESELLSCHAFT -Aktiengesellschaft von 1877-: Prelimin..

01/16 DGAP-AFR : BREMER LAGERHAUS-GESELLSCHAFT -Aktiengesellschaft von 1877-: Vorabbek..

01/04 DGAP-PVR : BREMER LAGERHAUS-GESELLSCHAFT -Aktiengesellschaft von 1877-: Veröffen..



More news

 


 





Financials (€)
 




            Sales             2016            
- 

            EBIT             2016            
- 

            Net income             2016            
292 M 

            Debt 2016            
5 459 M 

            Yield             2016            
- 





            P/E ratio 2016            
            -            

            P/E ratio 2017            
            -            

            
            Capi. / Sales 2016            
            
            0            

            Capi. / Sales 2017
            
            -            

            Capitalization            
            
56,8 M 



More Financials
 



Chart BREMER LAGERHAUS GESLSCHFT




Duration : 
Auto.
2 months
3 months
6 months
9 months
1 year
2 years
5 years
10 years
Max.



Period : 
Day
Week 





 






Full-screen chart

 





Managers
 





 NameTitleFrank Dreeke
Chairman-Management Board
Stephan-Andreas Kaulvers
Chairman-Supervisory Board
Jens Bieniek
Chief Financial Officer
Karl-Heinz Dammann
Member-Supervisory Board
Karoline Linnert
Member-Supervisory Board
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

BREMER LAGERHAUS GESLSCHFT AG VON 1877-12.94%67





ZTO EXPRESS (CAYMAN) INC (ADR)20.96%10 690

SUPER GROUP LIMITED-6.15%990

GRINDROD LIMITED-11.02%726


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave





