







Home - Higher One






















Higher One’s Refund Management® Disbursement Service is now BankMobile’s Refund Management® Service.


STUDENTS
Are you a student looking for answers about your school refund or account?
CLICK HERE

ADMINISTRATORS
Are you an administrator looking for a solution to disburse financial aid refunds on campus?
CLICK HERE



Cashnet®, a Blackboard company, provides colleges and universities with one secure platform to manage payments on campus.


ADMINISTRATORS
Cashnet is an industry-leading payment technology company that provides colleges and universities with one secure platform to manage payments on campus.
CLICK HERE















Higher One Holdings - New Haven, CT




















































































































































You're about to be redirectedWe notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com.READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com






















Startup 







Best Industries


Funding


Incubators


Business Plans


Naming


Home-Based Business


The UPS StoreView




Grow 







Strategy


Operations


Sales


Marketing


Customer Service


Franchises


Build


Mercedes-Benz VansView




Lead 







Company Culture


Productivity


Public Speaking


Hiring


HR/Benefits


Women Entrepreneurs


Rising Stars


T-MobileView




Innovate 







Creativity


Invent


Design


Pivot




Technology 







Cloud Computing


Social Media


Security


Big Data




Money 







Bootstrapping


Crowdfunding


Venture Capital


Borrowing


Business Models


Personal Finance




Inc. 5000 







The 2016 US List


The 2017 Europe List


Apply Inc. 5000 US




Special Reports 







Best Industries


30 Under 30


The Inc. Life


Disruptive 25


Best Workplaces


Icons of Entrepreneurship


Extreme Entrepreneurship


Main Street


World's Coolest Offices


College Startups


Founders 10


Design Awards




Video 







Tip Sheet


The Playbook


Founders Forum


Peak Performance


Women Who Lead


Notes to My Younger Self


World's Coolest Offices


How I Did It


Lift


Inc. Tested


Drinks With…


GrowCo 2017


Origin Stories


Inc. Live




Events 







Full Schedule


Inc. Women's Summit


Inc.5000 Conference & Gala


Iconic


GrowCo Conference




Inc. BrandView 

NEWSLETTERS 

MAGAZINE 

PARTNER CONTENT 







Inc. BrandView


Inc. Branded Content


Inc. Franchise




PODCASTS 

SUBSCRIBE 

ADVERTISE 

INC. RADIO 

INC. BUSINESS HUB 







Inc. Verified Profile


Inc. Plus


Send Press Releases


Plan for your business


Secure Funding


Get Published




OTHER EDITIONS 







Inc. ASEAN


Inc. Arabia




SITEMAP 

PRIVACY 

PRESS QUERIES 

AD CHOICE 






 





































 Search


Newsletters


Follow


Subscribe








































Today's Must Reads






Inc. Events & Offers





Inc. Partner Events & Offers




























Forgot Password?




 Enter your email to reset your password











Or sign up using: 




































New member? Sign up now.
Sign in if you're already registered.


 
 






































Get Inc. Straight to Your Inbox
SIGN UP FOR TODAY'S 5 MUST READS


Sign Me Up

































































































Higher One, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































August 03, 2017 11:18 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Higher One, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Higher One, Inc. provides solutions for students and administrators. It offers a Refund Management disbursement service platform; and a platform that allows college and university administrators to manage payments on campus. The company was founded in 2000 and is based in New Haven, Connecticut. Higher One, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Higher One Holdings, Inc.


115 Munson StreetNew Haven, CT 06511United StatesFounded in 2000



Phone: 203-776-7776

Fax: 203-776-7796

www.higherone.com







Key Executives for Higher One, Inc.




Mr. Marc Sheinbaum


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Thomas D. Kavanaugh


      	Vice President, Secretary and General Counsel
      


Age: 39
        







Mr. Mark Archer


      	Chief Risk Officer
      








Mr. Matt Dorf


      	Senior Vice President and General Manager of CASHNet
      








Mr. Cozzell Wilson


      	Chief Information Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Higher One, Inc. Key Developments

The Federal Reserve Board Announces Civil Money Penalty and Issues Cease and Desist Order against Customers Bank of Phoenixville and Higher One, Incc
Dec 7 16
The Federal Reserve Board issued a consent order to cease and desist and assessed a civil money penalty against Customers Bank of Phoenixville, Pennsylvania. The order addresses the participation of the bank and its agent, Higher One, Inc. of New Haven, Connecticut, in deceptive practices in violation of section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (FTC Act). Higher One provided institutions of higher education with financial aid disbursement services for students through, among other things, a deposit account and debit card product known as the "OneAccount." Because Higher One is not a bank, it had to partner with banks to offer OneAccounts. Customers has held OneAccounts since August 2013. The deceptive practices employed by Higher One, under Customers Bank's oversight for approximately four months and for which the Board is assessing a $960,000 penalty, included: The omission of material information about how students could get their financial aid disbursement without having to open a OneAccount with Higher One The omission of material information about the fees, features, and limitations of the OneAccount product prior to requiring students to make a selection regarding the method for financial aid disbursement The omission of material information about the locations of automated teller machine (ATMs) where students could access their financial aid disbursements without cost and the hours of availability of those ATMs The prominent display of the school logo, suggesting that the school endorsed the OneAccount product Higher One took material corrective action to address these practices. In December 2015, the Board took an enforcement action against Higher One that required Higher One to refrain from future violations of the FTC Act and to provide restitution of approximately $24 million in fees to more than 500,000 students who opened accounts with Higher One while Higher One's website and marketing materials were deceptive. Under the restitution plan ordered by the Board, students who opened a OneAccount with Higher One at a Federal Reserve-regulated institution, between May 4, 2012, the date the deceptive marketing practices involving the OneAccount began, through December 19, 2013, the date Higher One took corrective measures, are being reimbursed for the fees related to the deceptive practices. Payments to affected students have now been substantially completed.


Higher One, Inc. Enters into Master Reaffirmation and Amendment No. 6 to Loan Documents
Jun 3 16
On May 31, 2016, Higher One, Inc. entered into a Master Reaffirmation and Amendment No. 6 to Loan Documents (the Sixth Amendment), of its five-year senior secured revolving credit facility, as amended, with Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer (Credit Facility). The Sixth Amendment amends the Credit Facility to, among other things, allow for the sale of substantially all of the assets of the company’s refund disbursement business, including the OneAccount; and require Higher One to pay down outstanding loans under the Credit Facility by an amount equal to 10.0 million upon the close of sale of the refund disbursement business; and reduce the revolving credit facility to 25.0 million on the Sixth Amendment Effective Date, 20.0 million on January 1, 2017 and 15.0 million on April 1, 2017; and eliminate the financial covenant related to the maintenance of a minimum required consolidated EBITDA amount; and amend the definition of consolidated EBITDA to allow for the inclusion of cash proceeds from the sale of the refunds disbursement business in the computation of consolidated EBITDA; and allow Higher One to repay existing indebtedness related to its participation in a new markets tax credit financing.


Federal Reserve System Issues Order to Cease and Desist and Order of Assessment of Civil Money Penalty to Higher One, Inc. and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Issues an Order for Restitution and Order to Pay Civil Money Penalty Higher One, Inc
Dec 23 15
On December 23, 2015, the board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System issued to Higher One, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Higher One Holdings, Inc., an order to cease and desist and order of assessment of civil money penalty issued upon consent pursuant to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as Amended (Fed Order), related to the Federal Reserve Board matter previously disclosed in the company's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings. Pursuant to the terms of the Fed Order, Higher One is required to, among other things: continue to take all action necessary to correct all violations previously cited by the Federal Reserve Board and prevent the recurrence of similar violations; submit to the Philadelphia Reserve Bank an acceptable written plan to enhance the consumer compliance risk management program to ensure that the marketing, processing, and servicing of student financial aid-related deposit or loan products or services by Higher One comply with all consumer protection laws and regulations; deposit $24,000,000 into a qualified settlement fund for purposes of providing restitution of certain OneAccount fees to consumers, as provided by the Fed Order, and submit to the Philadelphia Reserve Bank an acceptable written plan to provide for the restitution; and pay a civil money penalty of $2,231,250. Also on December 23, 2015, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) issued to Higher One a consent order, order for restitution and order to pay civil money penalty related to the FDIC matter previously disclosed in the Company's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings. Pursuant to the terms of the FDIC Order, Higher One is required to, among other things: continue to correct and eliminate all violations of law previously cited by the FDIC and prevent the recurrence of similar violations; review its Compliance Management System as it relates to its student financial aid-related deposit or loan products and revise, develop and/or implement changes as necessary to ensure such products and services comply with all applicable consumer protection laws; deposit $31,000,000 into a segregated deposit account for the purpose of providing restitution of certain OneAccount fees to consumers, as provided by the FDIC Order; and submit to the Regional Director of the FDIC for non-objection a plan to provide restitution; and pay a civil money penalty of $2,231,250. Concurrent to Higher One entering this FDIC Order, the FDIC lifted the August 7, 2012 Consent Order previously disclosed in the Company's Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Higher One, Inc., please visit www.higherone.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close

































Higher One Holdings, Inc. | Company Spotlight Profile











Warning! This site has features that require JavaScript.












watch








        Higher One Holdings, Inc.
        
      

Sector: 


            Information Retrieval Services
          
Region: 

CT, United States


 
  : 

|
Frankfurt Stock Exchange: 7H1
    |
New York Stock Exchange: ONE


  



Listed in: 
Information Technology


        Similar to:
Iomart Group Plc, 
        Index Multimedia SA, 
        Spirent Communications Plc





♣ Request Investor Kit

 View Contact Details







 News & Analysis
















 Featured Company


Kellogg Company
Battle Creek, MI, US
For more than 100 years, Kellogg Company has delivered great taste, nutrition and value to our consumers. And, today, our...







 You may also be interested in:





Spirent Communications Plc



Crawley, LO, GB
Spirent Communications Plc is a communications technology company. It focuses on delivering innovative systems and services. The company provides testing...




Index Multimedia SA



Toulouse, MP, FR
Index Multimedia SA provides multimedia content and integrated solutions. It provides value added mobile content and Internet services. The company...




Iomart Group Plc



Glasgow, SC, GB
About iomartAward winning cloud company iomart Group PLC (AIM: IOM) enables businesses and organisations to operate their online data and...










×
Contact Investor Relations



Higher One Holdings, Inc.
Investor Relations
         115 Munson Street
         New Haven , CT 06511
         United States
Phone:1.203.776.7776

SIC Code:
7375



Close




×
Request Investor Kit









Select your country:


Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, St. Eust., Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brit. Indian Ocean Terr.
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo (Dem. Rep. of the)
Congo (Rep. of)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Terr.
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
La Reunion
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marianas
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre & Miquelon
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Marten
Slovakia
Slovenia
So Georgia & So Sand Isl
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Vincent & Grenadines
St. Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Isl.
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe





E-mail:


required field!



First Name:


required field!



Last Name:


required field!




Street 1:


required field!



Street 2:





City:


required field!



State/Province:


-
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


required field!



Postal Code:


required field!






 I consent to receiving periodic email communications from Higher One Holdings, Inc.. 
            

 I'd like to receive more information from PrecisionIR.
            







Watch

Watch this company to be notified of upcoming earnings calls and new content with a weekly digest sent to your email.
            
 Watch content
            




Go!
Cancel






Company Spotlight is available free to investors through the financial support of participating companies. In return for receiving this free information, your contact data are made available to the companies whose reports you have ordered, and to other parties as described in our privacy policy, which you can read in its entirety here. In addition, you agree to be contacted by these companies from time to time. You may select at any time to opt out of these communications by using the unsubscribe link in your email(s) or by sending an email to nacustomerservice@precisionir.com.



×
 Enter your email address to watch this company.




E-mail (required):


required field!



First Name:





Last Name:












    Signup 




×
  Enter your email address and notification preferences.




A reminder has been added for this event.



    Add to Calendar
  


Add to Google Calendar


Add to Live Calendar


Add to Yahoo! Calendar


Add to iCalender


Add to Outlook Calendar







Or





Send me a reminder




Weeks

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52



Days

0
1
2
3
4
5
6



Hours

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23



Minutes

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59





before the event.

Please enter a valid email to watch!

First Name

Last Name








    Signup 









  ONE Stock Quote - Higher One Holdings Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Higher One Holdings Inc   ONE:US      Acquired   ONE:US was acquired by   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.09    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   48.733    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.26%     Industry Software & Services   % Price Change -0.15%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Higher One Holdings Inc. provides technology and payment services to the higher education industry, as well as student-oriented banking services on campus communities. The Company focuses on providing disbursement and payment solutions.    Address  115 Munson StreetNew Haven, CT 06511United States   Phone  1-203-776-7776   Website   www.higherone.com     Executives Board Members    Marc Sheinbaum  President/CEO    Mark Archer  Chief Risk Officer    Robert Reach "Rob"  Chief Sales Officer    Thomas D Kavanaugh  VP/Secretary/General Counsel    Patrick Pearson  Director:Investor Relations     Show More         






















Higher One Holdings Inc ONE Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                         Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Investment & Asset Management  > Higher One Holdings Inc   Plunkett Research Online: Higher One Holdings Inc    HIGHER ONE HOLDINGS INC (ONE) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTHigher One Holdings, Inc. is a provider of technology and payment services to the higher education industry.  The company offers a comprehensive suite of payment and financial disbursement services designed to simplify relations between students and higher education institutions.  The firm’s primary..... HIGHER ONE HOLDINGS INC  Ticker: ONEExchange: NYSParent Company: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 203 776-7776Fax: Address: 25 Science ParkNew Haven, CT 06511 United States MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:   Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription Marc SheinbaumCEO/Director/PresidentChristopher WolfCFO/Executive VP See More Higher One Holdings, Inc. is a provider of technology and payment services to the higher education industry. The company offers a comprehensive suite of payment and financial disbursement services designed to simplify relations between students and higher education institutions. The firm’s primary.....See More See More  Financials  Compare to Industry Averages  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers 2016201520142013201220112010SalesProfitsBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  SalaryBonusOther ThoughtsCorporate CultureHigher One offers its employees medical, dental, vision and life insurance; short- and long-term disability; flexible spending accounts; a 401(k) plan; an employee assistance program; education assistance; product discounts; and an employee assistance program, among others.    Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 






Bilingual Home Based Customer Service Representative (Seasonal) Resume Example (Higher One Holdings, Inc. ) - Covington, Georgia






























 


  Menu  Close 
  LiveCareer  



 For Employers
 Contact Us
 Live Chat
 Log In
 Log In



Resume Builder 
 Resumes




Resume Examples
Resume Templates
Resume Samples
Resume Tips
Resume Services





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Admin
Business
Customer Service
Education




Engineering
Finance
Human Resources
IT
Law




Management
Media & Entertainment
Medical
Sales
Science




Retail
Marketing
Construction
Real Estate
Automotive




Production
Social Services
Transportation




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accounting & Finance
Business Templates
Classic Template
Computers Technology
Contemporary




Culinary Templates
Engineering Templates
Entry Level
Experienced
Management




Media Entertainment
Space Saver
Standard Template
Traditional
Traditional Template




IT
Customer Service
Sales
Education
Marketing




Retail
Medical
Finance
Microsoft Word
HR




 View All Job Industries  





JOB INDUSTRIES



Accountant
Analyst
Architect
Art
Bartender




Bookkeeper
Chef
Computer Science
Consultant
Engineering




Entry Level
Executive
Housekeeper
IT (Information Technology)
Manager




Military
Nursing
Receptionist
Resume Objectives
Retail




Sales
Server
Teacher
Technical
Resume Samples Guide




 View All Job Industries  





Featured Resume Tips





How to Include Keywords In Your Resume
Without strategically placing keywords in your resume, employers won't be able to find you.







Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume


Read More Resume Tips  

Resume Tips

How to Write Your First Resume
Best Resume Formats
Including References on Resume
Do's and Don'ts for Your Education Section
How to Write Your Resume Work Experience Section

View Other Resume Tips  



More Tips



  

Professional Resume Writing
Let us write it for you! Put the power of a professional resume writer on your side and get the job faster.



  

Resume Check
Make sure your resume is 100% error free! Instant feedback + make your resume recruiter ready.





  

Have a Pro Review Your Resume
Get an expert 2nd opinion with Resume Review. Professional advice will help you make your resume perfect so get you hired faster.



  

Professional Cover Letter Writing
Make the ultimate first impression with employers. Stand out from the crowd with a professionally written cover letter to match your resume.





 View Other Resume Services  







 Cover Letters




Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Examples
Letter Samples





COVER LETTER BUILER

  

Get your foot in the door with a stand-out cover letter
Your cover letter is your first change to impress potential employers. Cover Letter Builder gives you the tools to get noticed!
Create a Cover Letter  



COVER LETTER TIPS

  

Your Top 6 Resume Questions
See our customer's questions about how to write an effective, job-winning resume
Read Tips  





Cover Letter Job Industries



Education
Accounting & Finance
Customer Service
Management
Administrative




Marketing
Sales
Business
Medical
Healthcare




Media & Entertainment
IT (Information & Technology)




 See All Categories  





Letter Sample Categories



Cover Letters
Resignation Letters
Application Letters
Permission Letters
Termination Letters




Leave Letters
Appreciation Letters
Recommendation Letters
Thank You Letters
Appointment Letters




Reference Letters
Apology Letters




 See All Categories  







 Interviews




Interview Game Plan
Interview Videos
Interview Tips
Interview Questions





Interview Game Plan

  

Plan for Interview Success
Our proven solution is backed by a decade of research and has helped thousands get a job!
Learn more  



Free Video

  

3 Techniques To Answer Any Interview Question
Watch how you can answer any interview question and win the job!
Watch free video now 







Interview Videos

  

What's your greatest strength?
Interviewers will ask similar questions and gauge your response



  

How do you stay organized?
Hiring Managers want to learn how you get things done


View All Interview Videos  



Interview Categories

Common Questions
Good & Bad Answers
Good Answers Only
Bad Answers Only



Industries

Admin Support
Healthcare
Restaurant
Retail



View More Interview Preparations  







Job Interview Tips

  

Your First Ever Job Interview
10 tips that will help you have a successful first ever job interview.



  

What is your Biggest Failure?
Read how to properly interpret and answer this seemingly tricky question.





 View All Interview Tips  








Featured Interview Questions:

  

Why Are You The Best Candidate For This Position?
You want to make sure that you provide a clear and intelligible answer.



  

What Are Your Career Goals?
Make sure your goals line up with what you would be doing in their company.





 See All Interview Questions  







 Jobs




Search Jobs
Job Tips







Job Search Top Cities



Austin
Chicago
Dallas
Houston
Jacksonville
Los Angeles




New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose





Job Search Top Industries



Accounting And Finance
Administrative Support
Business
Computers And Technology
Construction
Customer Service




Education And Training
Engineering
Food And Beverage
Healthcare
Human Resources
Sales





Job Search Top Companies



Amazon
Coca Cola Company
Costco
Fedex
Frito Lay
Google




Postmates
Procter and Gamble
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart






 View All Jobs  





Job Tips



  

Career Tips
You only get out of your career what you put into it.



  

Civic and Volunteer Activities Can Help You Get a Job
It makes you more well-rounded and enhances your appearance through your resume





  

Soft Skills in Demand
You may have skills that are high in demand and not even know it.





 Read All Job Tips  







 Companies




Companies









Amazon
Apple
Chevron Corp
Citibank
Coca Cola




Comcast
Costco
Deloitte
Fedex
General Electric




Google
Hewlett Packard
Hot Topic
Ikea
Kaiser Permanente




Sears
Mcafee
Nike
Nordstrom Rack
Planned Parenthood




Macy's
Starbucks
Uber
Walgreens
Walmart




 View All Companies  







 Resources




Resume Directory
Quintessential
Job Descriptions
Salary Calculator





Top Industries



Architecture
Community and Public Service
Education and Training
Government
Green Jobs
Healthcare




Human Resources
Management
Performing Arts
Science
Skilled Trades
Textile and Apparel




 View All Industries  






Quintessential by livecareer

  

What's your greatest strength?
Your one-stop source for the latest career tools, job search tips, and expert advice.
Read more 



I Am A Student

College Search
College Majors
College Planning
Internships

All Student Resources  

I Am A Career Changer

Career Assessment Tools
Articles
Find Your Career Passion
Quizzes

All Career Change Resources  

I Am A Job Seeker

Career Exploration
Checklist
Career Planning
Blog

All Job Seeker Resources  



Top Job Descriptions



Cashier Job Description
Project Manager Job Description
Accountant Job Description
Administrative Assistant Job Description
Operations Manager Job Description
Account Manager Job Description




Receptionist Job Description
Office Manager Job Description
Business Analyst Job Description
Marketing Manager Job Description
 Executive Assistant Job Description
Sales Associate Job Description




Sales Manager Job Description
Customer Service Job Description
 Sales Representative Job Description
Graphic Designer Job Description
Product Manager Job Description
General Manager Job Description




Data Analyst Job Description
Bookkeeper Job Description




 View All Job Descriptions  


















 
Search 1000s of Real LiveCareer Resumes!



Resumes you're looking for:

!Please provide a type of job or location to search!


Location you want:

!Please fill out this field


Find My Resume









 Thank you for setting up Job Alerts! Please check your inbox for a welcome email to confirm your request. 






LiveCareer
Higher One Holdings, Inc. 
Bilingual Home Based Customer Service Representative (Seasonal) Resume Example





Resumes in Georgia, Product Marketing Jobs, Product Marketing Jobs in Covington

Higher One Holdings, Inc.  - Bilingual Home Based Customer Service Representative (Seasonal) Resume Example
Love This Resume?Build Your Own Now



                            Score:
                            70%












XXXX XXXX








XXXX, 
Covington, 
Georgia
30016

H: XXX-XXXX-XXX
C: XXX-XXXX-XXX
XXXX@XXXX.XXX






Job Objective


To be involved in work where I can utilize skills and other significant 
talents in a home-based position, and keep myself dynamic, 
visionary and competitive with the changing scenario of the world.




Professional Summary


Results-focused customer service specialist 
successful in revenue generation and customer retention, including sales
 and lead generation. Excels at uncovering customer needs, finding 
solutions and handling objections. Top performer with a consistent track
 record of meeting and exceeding goals.  Superior computer skills and 
telephone etiquette.













Work History




Bilingual Home Based Customer Service Representative (Seasonal), 


12/2013 to 
03/2014


Higher One Holdings, Inc.  – 
Atlanta, 
Georgia

Responded to customer inquiry calls, quickly assessing the consumer's needs and problems in order to deliver and ideal solution. Managed a high-volume workload within a deadline-driven environment. Resolved an average of 550 inquiries in any given week and consistently met performance benchmarks in all areas (speed, accuracy, volume).   

Completed voluntary customer service training to learn ways to enhance customer satisfaction and improve productivity. 



Officially commended for initiative, enthusiasm, tenacity, persuasiveness, intense customer focus and dependability in performance evaluations.



Maintained company standards during recorded calls in order to ensure high quality service.  





Hazard Customer Service Specialist III, 


03/2012 to 
10/2012


Assurant Specialty Property – 
Atlanta, 
Georgia

Answered an average of [130] calls per day by addressing customer 
inquiries, solving problems and providing homeowners' insurance 
requirements for their property. Tracked homeowners insurance using 
many different tactics, such as making calls to customers, agents and 
clients or pulling existing documentation. Ensured superior customer experience by addressing customer concerns, demonstrating empathy and resolving problems on the spot. Partnered with the Mortgage department customer service team to ensure clients were receiving updated information on their mortgage and tax property payments. Proactively
 communicated with J.P. Mortgage Chase Bank's personal bankers; 
insurance agents, authorized and unauthorized third parties Maintained 
telephone call statistics while adhering to call quality monitoring guidelines on a daily basis





Bilingual Customer Service Specialist , 


05/2008 to 
03/2011


West Corporation – 
Atlanta, 
Georgia

Effectively managed a high-volume of inbound customer calls within a deadline-driven environment effectively and efficiently in a complex, fast-paced and challenging call center environment.Resolved an average of 550 inquiries in any given week and consistently met performance benchmarks in all areas (speed, accuracy, volume).

Proactively escalated and communicate customer issues to appropriate personnel/departments. 

Officially commended for initiative, enthusiasm, tenacity, persuasiveness, intense customer focus and dependability in performance evaluations.

Interfaced daily with other staff members in sales, technical support, the resolution team and retention. 





Marketing Representative, 


03/2006 to 
03/2008


Affinity Health Plan – 
New York, 
New York

Presented New York State health insurance programs (Medicaid, Child Health Plus and Family Health Plus) according to state regulations and county protocols to potential consumers.Targeted potential applicants and solicited applications for enrollment through field marketing at participating Health Centers and throughout the community, including community organizations such as United Way; WIC Centers, and churches.Informed members of policies, programs guidelines and managed care basics.Gathered and appropriate enrollment documentation.Assisted members in effective utilization of the plans on an on going basis.





Administrative Assistant III, 


03/2001 to 
02/2004


Florida Department of Children and Families  – 
Miami, 
Florida

Provided executive-level administrative support to the director of psychology, the social work program manager, with a demonstrated ability to improvise and meet deadlines.

Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. 

Coordinated, scheduled and arranged meeting and travel calendars, including business and social events.

Created and executed numerous projects using Microsoft Office programs.Assisted with event planning, including associated travel and logistical arrangements.





Education




Associate of Applied Science: 
Business Management, 
1990


Borough of Manhattan Community College, BMCC - The City University of New York - 
New York


Minor in MarketingCoursework in Integrated Marketing CommunicationsCoursework in Business, Management and Communications

4.0 GPA








Certified Interpreter / Translator  , 
2004


Florida International University - South Campus - 
Miami, 
FL










Build Your Own Now


More  Resume Examples:
Featured Resumes:












Product Marketing












Product Marketing












Product Marketing














Product Marketing












Product Marketing












Product Marketing














Product Marketing












Product Marketing












Product Marketing





Previous Next









Featured Jobs in Covington:View More  Covington Jobs





        Get job alerts sent to your inbox for
        
Product Marketing.
    






       
        By clicking "Send Job Alerts",I agree to the LiveCareer Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
    




Advertisement






Resume Overview

Companies Worked For:

Higher One Holdings, Inc.Assurant Specialty PropertyWest CorporationAffinity Health PlanFlorida Department of Children and Families



Job Titles Held:

Bilingual Home Based Customer Service Representative (Seasonal)Hazard Customer Service Specialist IIIBilingual Customer Service SpecialistMarketing RepresentativeAdministrative Assistant III



School Attended

Borough of Manhattan Community College, BMCC - The City University of New YorkFlorida International University - South Campus



Degrees

 Associate of Applied Science : Business Management , 1990 Certified Interpreter / Translator , 2004




Advertisement







                        Where can I find a Higher One Holdings, Inc.  Bilingual Home Based Customer Service Representative (Seasonal) resume example in Covington, Georgia 30016?
                    

                        This is an actual resume example of a Bilingual Home Based Customer Service Representative (Seasonal) who works in the Product Marketing Industry. LiveCareer has 2090 Product Marketing resumes in its database. LiveCareer’s Resume Directory contains real resumes created by subscribers using LiveCareer’s Resume Builder.                        
                    










Browse All Resumes







Resume Tools

Resume Builder
Resume Tips
CV Templates
Resume Directory
Resume Samples





Cover Letter 

Cover Letter Builder
Cover Letter Tips
Cover Letter Samples





Mighty Recruiter 

Job Sourcing
Free Job Posting



Company 

Job Listings
Company Directory





Resources 

Quintessential LiveCareer
Education Opportunities





About 

Who We Are
Work Here
Affiliates
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use





Help & Support 

Customer Service/Billing
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions









 Language 





English
English (UK)






Español
Français






Italiano
Deutsch






Nederlands
Português
Polski







Customer Service 
 
customerservice@livecareer.com800-652-8430 Mon- Fri 8am - 8pm CST Sat 8am - 5pm CST, Sun 10am - 6pm CST
				  

Stay in touch with us













© 2017, Bold Limited. All rights reserved.


Powered by  





















Higher One Holdings Inc - NYSE:ONE - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet




























 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street










































 

















Higher One Holdings Inc (ONE)
Follow




                                    5.15
                                

0.02
0.39




                        NYSE : Services
                    

Aug 4, 2016 4:00 PM EDT












Prev Close
  5.13


Open
5.14


Day Low/High

                                    5.14 /
                                    5.16


52 Wk Low/High

                                    1.85 /
                                    5.15
                                


Volume
442.66K


Avg Volume 
631.10K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
48.66M


Market Cap
250.62M


EPS
0.20


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News














Short Interest Moves 77.8% Lower For ONE






Ratings Changes Today

















INVESTOR ALERT: Brower Piven Commences An Investigation Into The Proposed Sale Of Higher One Holdings, Inc. And Encourages Shareholders To Contact The Firm For Additional Information
The securities litigation law firm of Brower Piven, A Professional Corporation, has commenced an investigation into possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of state law by the Board of Directors of Higher...

Jul 9, 2016 8:00 AM EDT













SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences An Investigation Into The Proposed Sale Of Higher One Holdings, Inc. And Encourages Investors To Contact The Firm For Additional Information
The securities litigation law firm of Brower Piven, A Professional Corporation, has commenced an investigation into possible breaches of fiduciary duty and other violations of state law by the Board of Directors of Higher...

Jul 5, 2016 4:15 PM EDT













INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces An Investigation Regarding Whether The Sale Of Higher One Holdings, Inc. To Blackboard For $5.15 Per Share Is Fair To Shareholders
The following statement is being issued by Levi & Korsinsky, LLP: To: All Persons or Entities who purchased Higher One Holdings, Inc.

Jul 1, 2016 9:34 AM EDT













HIGHER ONE HOLDINGS, INC. SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Announces Investigation Of Buyout
Rigrodsky & Long, P.A.

Jun 30, 2016 3:49 PM EDT













Higher One (ONE) Stock Surges on Sale to Blackboard Affiliate
Higher One (ONE) stock is soaring on Thursday afternoon after the company agreed to be acquired by an affiliate of Blackboard.

Jun 30, 2016 2:31 PM EDT













Higher One Announces Sale To Blackboard Affiliate For $5.15 Per Share
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ONE) ("Higher One") announced today it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell the company to an affiliate of Blackboard, the world's leading education technology company, for $5.

Jun 30, 2016 7:35 AM EDT













Higher One Holdings, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2016 Financial Results
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ONE) ("Higher One" or the "Company"), today announced financial results for the first quarter of 2016.

May 5, 2016 6:30 AM EDT













$tart With Change Receives Financial Education Innovation Award Presented By Nasdaq And EverFi
$tart with Change , Higher One's financial literacy initiative dedicated to financially empowering millennials and college students, was honored at the second annual Innovation in Financial Education Awards...

Apr 12, 2016 11:33 AM EDT













Higher One Announces First Quarter 2016 Earnings Release And Conference Call Date
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ONE), a leading provider of financial services to more than 1,400 colleges and universities across the U.

Apr 6, 2016 6:00 AM EDT













New Survey Data Shows 90 Percent Of All College Students Feel Unprepared To Repay Student Loans
The fourth-year results of Money Matters on Campus , a survey of nearly 90,000 college students across the United States—approximately 85,000 from four-year institutions and 4,300 from two-year...

Apr 5, 2016 2:15 PM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  CMO, ETN, INTL, JCP, PCAR, POWI, WRE
    
Downgrades:  AIZ, CPIX, JAH, LBRDA, LBRDK, LOV, ONE, PFE, PRMW, SPAR, TRR, VIPS
    
Initiations:  DRIO, LMRK
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Mar 7, 2016 11:00 AM EST













CASHNet Payment Solutions Achieves Oracle Validated Integration With PeopleSoft Campus Solutions 9.2
Higher One, a Gold level member of Oracle® PartnerNetwork (OPN), today announced it has achieved Oracle Validated Integration of CASHNet® Payment Solutions, version CN2015.

Mar 7, 2016 8:30 AM EST













Higher One Holdings, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2015 Financial Results
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ONE) ("Higher One" or the "Company"), today announced financial results for the fourth quarter and full year for 2015.

Feb 18, 2016 6:30 AM EST













Higher One Recognizes Winners Of Money On My Mind College Student Video Contest
Higher One announced the winners of its annual Money on My Mind Video Contest, which asked college students to submit a video sharing money management advice with fellow students.

Feb 1, 2016 10:57 AM EST













Higher One Announces Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2015 Earnings Release And Conference Call Date
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: ONE), a leading provider of financial services to more than 1,500 colleges and universities across the U.

Jan 18, 2016 5:30 PM EST













Higher One Holdings, Inc. Announces Sale Of Its Disbursements Business
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ONE), today, announced that it reached an agreement to sell substantially all of the assets and certain of the liabilities of its Disbursements business, including the OneAccount, to one...

Dec 15, 2015 4:20 PM EST













Insider Trading Alert - RCII, SYNT And ONE Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include RCII, SYNT and ONE

Oct 30, 2015 10:30 AM EDT













Insider Trading Alert - BDN, ATHN And ONE Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include BDN, ATHN and ONE

Oct 27, 2015 11:15 AM EDT













Higher One Holdings, Inc. Reports Third Quarter 2015 Financial Results
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ONE) ("Higher One" or the "Company"), today announced financial results for the third quarter of 2015.

Oct 27, 2015 6:00 AM EDT













Insider Trading Alert - BLOX, ONE And INDB Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include BLOX, ONE and INDB

Oct 21, 2015 10:30 AM EDT













Higher One Holdings, Inc. Announces Sale Of Campus Labs
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ONE), today, announced that, on October 14, 2015, it reached an agreement to sell its Campus Labs data analytics business to an affiliate of Leeds Equity Partners for a gross purchase...

Oct 19, 2015 4:35 PM EDT













Higher One Opens Submissions For Annual Money On My Mind Video Contest
Higher One, a leader in providing financial services and data analytics to more than 1,900 college and university campuses across the U.

Oct 13, 2015 3:38 PM EDT













5 Stocks Under $10 Set to Soar
These stocks trading for less than $10 a share are within range of triggering breakout trades.

Oct 8, 2015 12:13 PM EDT













Higher One Announces Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Release And Conference Call Date
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ONE), a leading provider of financial services and data analytics to more than 1,900 colleges and universities across the U.

Oct 5, 2015 4:45 PM EDT













Higher One Announces 15 Recipients Of Its Annual Financial Literacy Counts Grant
Higher One, a leader in providing financial services and data analytics to more than 1,900 college and university campuses across the U.

Sep 17, 2015 9:26 AM EDT













Higher One Holdings, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2015 Financial Results
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ONE) ("Higher One" or the "Company"), today announced financial results for the second quarter of 2015.

Aug 6, 2015 6:00 AM EDT













The Coalition For College Cost Savings Continues Partnership With Higher One To Make CASHNet® Payment Solutions Available To Almost 900 Private U.S. Colleges
The Coalition for College Cost Savings, a national member-owned non-profit organization consisting of nearly 900 private colleges across 30 states, announced a renewed partnership with Higher One, a leading provider of...

Jul 7, 2015 2:30 PM EDT













Higher One Announces Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Release And Conference Call Date
Higher One Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: ONE), a leading provider of financial services and data analytics to more than 1,900 colleges and universities across the U.

Jul 6, 2015 4:00 PM EDT












Next






Load More








From Our Partners



Transports Week In Review - Transports Break Through Key Technical Level

SeekingAlpha



Daily Pain - Energy Stocks Surge From The Grave At The Expense Of FAANG

SeekingAlpha



Trump Folds? Final Failure After Labor Day

SeekingAlpha



Higher One downgraded to Underperform from Outperform at Barrington

The Fly



Higher One downgraded to Neutral from Buy at SunTrust

The Fly



Higher One upgraded to Outperform from Market Perform at Barrington

The Fly



Higher One Holdings (ONE) in Focus: Stock Adds 10.5% in Session - Tale of the Tape

Zacks



Banks Say Deals With Colleges Could End If U.S. Rule Adopted

Bloomberg



Lender Processing Reverts to Underperform - Analyst Blog

Zacks



Qiwi plc (QIWI) Worth Watching: Stock Moves 6.4% Higher - Tale of the Tape

Zacks



Where Credit's Due: Visa, MasterCard And FleetCor

Investor's Business Daily



Higher One Enters Into New $200 Million Revolving Credit Facility

Benzinga



Morning Market Losers

Benzinga



Chuck Akre's New Stock Picks

NASDAQ



Chuck Akre Buys DirecTV, Higher One and Artio Global

GuruFocus
























 








Trending


Tim Cook on Trump's Claim that Apple Is Building 3 U.S. Factories: 'There's More We Can Do'


It Has Gotten So Sad for Costco and Sam's Club They Are Discounting Stuff on Groupon


Tesla Employees Won't Talk to You About the Model 3 in Stores but They May Try to Sell You Solar


Apple's iPhone Might Be Irrelevant to How You Order Pizza in the Future: Domino's CEO


Here's How Much Money Warren Buffett Has Made on Apple Stock in 2017 Alone











Advertising Partners
 
 
 
 













 












 


































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers
 
 
 
 
 
 








