
Hogg Robinson Group PLC (HRG.L)  Key Developments | Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Hogg Robinson Group PLC (HRG.L)











Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataIndustrialsBusiness Support Services













                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				HRG.L on London Stock Exchange


				73.50GBp
8:31am EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    -0.25


					            (-0.34%)
					        






Prev Close

73.75


Open

74.00




Day's High

75.00


Day's Low

73.50




Volume

69,327


Avg. Vol

456,095




52-wk High

82.00


52-wk Low

63.00











					Latest Key Developments (Source: Significant Developments)




Hogg Robinson sees FY result in-line with market expectations
Friday, 22 Jul 2016 05:14am EDT 
Hogg Robinson Group Plc : Traded in line with our expectations from April 1 2016 to date . In relation to any EU referendum effect, there has been an initial softening in activity; too early to assess any longer-term impact . Will deliver a full-year performance in-line with market expectations . For three months to June 30, revenue up 2 pct, 3 pct lower at constant currency versus prior year, client travel activity down 3 pct .Says earnings performance is not materially exposed to exchange rate movements. 
			
Full Article





Hogg Robinson Group Plc sees FY 2016 outlook in line with market expectations
Tuesday, 16 Feb 2016 02:00am EST 
Hogg Robinson Group Plc:Says the board continues to believe that the company will deliver a FY 2016 growth performance in line with market expectations. 
			
Full Article





Hogg Robinson Group Plc announces appointment of chairman elect
Thursday, 17 Dec 2015 02:00am EST 
Hogg Robinson Group Plc:Says Nigel Northridge is to be appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company and as Chairman elect, with effect from 1 January 2016.Says it is anticipated that Northridge will assume the Chairmanship of the Board with effect from 1 April 2016, at which time John Coombe will retire from the Board. 
			
Full Article





Hogg Robinson Group Plc declares interim dividend
Wednesday, 25 Nov 2015 02:00am EST 
Hogg Robinson Group Plc:Declares interim dividend of 0.68p per share, up 8 pct. on the interim payment a year ago.Says this dividend will be paid on Jan. 4, 2016 to shareholders on register at close of business on Dec. 4, 2015. 
			
Full Article





Previous
Next














					Hogg Robinson Group PLC News




» More HRG.L News






 Earnings vs.  Estimates





» More Financials















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataIndustrialsBusiness Support Services




























Hogg Robinson Group
































Menu






 Focused on the Future


Read More
 












								Hogg Robinson Group plc is a leading global B2B services company specialising in travel, payments and expense management.
								We help companies, governments and financial institutions manage and control their expenditure.
								We combine high-quality service delivered by experienced staff with the very latest digital solutions based on our own technology.
								Our aim is to provide superior service and technology solutions that add real value to our clients and meet their unique requirements.  Established in 1845, Hogg Robinson Group today consists of two market-leading and dynamic divisions - Fraedom, our FinTech business and HRG, our global travel management business.
								Our brands are seen across 120 countries where we provide innovative technology and superior services that add real value to our clients.
								Welcome to the evolving world of Hogg Robinson Group.















With 14,000 people in 120 countries, HRG is where companies worldwide go for management of their business travel, meetings and travel related data.

About HRG










Fraedom develops easy-to-use technology for Payments, Expenses and Travel - that gives companies complete control of their spend.

About Fraedom





















Register to receive email updates from Hogg Robinson Group



























REGISTER NOW

















					By using our site you are agree to our use of cookies. Learn More. 



Ok















Hogg Robinson Group - Wikipedia






















 






Hogg Robinson Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Hogg Robinson Group





Type

Public


Industry
Corporate services


Headquarters
Basingstoke, UK



Key people

John Coombe, Chairman
David Radcliffe, Chief Executive Officer


Website
HRGFraedom


Hogg Robinson Group is a publicly listed international corporate services organisation with headquarters in the UK. Their brands include Fraedom, a rapidly expanding software company that specialises in expense management and advanced payment technology, HRG, a global travel management company and eWings.com, a travel management company for small to medium sized companies[1]. Hogg Robinson Group wholly acquired Spendvision in 2012,[2][3][4] before rebranding it as Fraedom in 2015.[5]
Hogg Robinson Group was founded in 1845 by brothers-in-law Francis Hogg, a young wine merchant, and Augustus Robinson, an insurance broker. The partnership developed mercantile and insurance interests from offices in Birchin Lane in the City of London.
The company is traded on the London Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol HRG.L.
References[edit]



^ "Hogg Robinson Group Acquires Digital Travel Innovator eWings.com – Hogg Robinson Group". www.hoggrobinson.com. Retrieved 2017-05-24. 
^ http://www.breakingtravelnews.com/news/article/hrg-to-buy-remaining-shares-in-spendvision/
^ http://buyingbusinesstravel.com/news/hrg-completes-purchase-spendvision
^ http://www.abtn.co.uk/news/1517109-hrg-agrees-deal-buy-100-spendvision[permanent dead link]
^ http://www.tnooz.com/travel-distribution-news/




Hogg Robinson resumes float plan. BBC News.
Hogg Robinson Group launches new company Fraedom

External links[edit]

Hogg Robinson Group's corporate website
HRG website
Fraedom website
Hogg Robinson Group's Investor Relations website
HRG share data on the London Stock Exchange Website







v
t
e


 Tourism in the United Kingdom






Tourism
Economy of the United Kingdom





Nations and regions




England



Hotels in England
Lists of tourist attractions in England
List of National Trust land in England
List of National Trust properties in England
London Tourist Board
Resorts in England
Tourism in Leeds
Tourism in London
Tourism in Yorkshire
VisitEngland
Welcome to Yorkshire





Northern Ireland



Hotels in Northern Ireland
List of museums in Northern Ireland
Nature reserves in Northern Ireland
List of tourist attractions in Ireland
List of National Trust properties in Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland Tourist Board





Scotland



Lanarkshire Area Tourism Partnership
Minister for Energy, Enterprise and Tourism
Resorts in Scotland
ScotlandWhisky
Scottish Youth Hostels Association
VisitScotland

VisitScotland.com







Wales



Capital Region Tourism
Forgotten Landscapes Project
List of museums in Wales
South West Wales Tourism Partnership
Tourism Partnership North Wales
Visit Wales








Companies




Current



ACE Cultural Tours
Alan Rogers Travel Group
Carnival Corporation & plc

Cunard Line


City Sightseeing
Cosmos Holidays
Cox & Kings
Ebookers.com
Ffestiniog Travel
Flight Centre
Great Rail Journeys
Hogg Robinson Group
Holidaybreak

NST


HolidayExtras.com
Kuoni Travel
Lastminute.com
Martin Randall Travel
PGL
Superbreak
Swan Hellenic
Thomas Cook Group

Club 18-30
NetFlights


TUI Group

Thomson Holidays


Trailfinders
Traveleyes
Turquoise Holidays
Wilderness Journeys





Defunct



Clarksons Travel Group
Court Line
Directline holidays
EasyCruise
First Choice
Horizon Travel
Kiss Flights
Lunn Poly
Mark Hammerton
MyTravel
Palmair
Thomas Cook & Son
XL Leisure Group








Organisations



Camping and Caravanning Club
The Caravan Club
National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty
Youth Hostels Association





Industry bodies



Association of British Travel Agents
Association of Independent Tour Operators
British Resort Inspection Agency
Confederation of Tourism and Hospitality
Tourism Concern
VisitBritain





Tourist Destinations



Blue Badge tourist guide
Holiday
Les Routiers
List of airlines of the United Kingdom
List of airports in the United Kingdom and the British Crown Dependencies
List of museums in the United Kingdom
List of amusement parks in the United Kingdom
List of past and present youth hostels in England and Wales








 Category
 Commons










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hogg_Robinson_Group&oldid=785986012"					
Categories: Travel and holiday companies of the United KingdomTravel agenciesCompanies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1845Travel managementHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from April 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Norsk bokmål 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 June 2017, at 15:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 





























Home - HRG Worldwide


































Select Country
United Kingdom
Australia
Austria
Belgium
China
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Italy
Netherlands
North America
Norway
Poland
Russia
Singapore
Sweden
Switzerland




 




You travel well for a reason.
We understand your world.
Our world is you. 



You manage travel for the success of your company.
We understand your world.
Our world is you. 



We aim to be with you for every step of every journey.
We understand your world.
Our world is you. 






Our Services




Corporate Travel





Meetings, Groups & Events





Consulting





Government





Energy & Marine







Why HRG? 


				The devotion to good service, attention to detail and personal interaction is wired into this company.			    

The bank looking to save 10% on the cost of their global travel programme. The ad agency flying staff and guests from 40 countries to a product launch in Madrid. The multinational pharma company needing to pinpoint their travellers in the wake of a hurricane. The oil rig crew stranded on the coast and in need of a bed for the night.
It’s familiar territory to us. But there’s always something new around the corner. That’s why we love what we do. And, because the knowledge, expertise and experience of the people delivering our services can’t be found anywhere else, no one will be more ready than us.
Find Out More









HRG Worldwide Network

With a network that comprises over 120 countries, HRG provides unparalleled global expertise worldwide.



Select Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
Gabon
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Greenland
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Japan
Jordan
Kashmir
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kosovo
Kuwait
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Rwanda
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Vincent
Sao Tome
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Kitts and Nevis
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
The Gambia
Togo
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
UAE
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Locations
Locations





Latest News



27 Jul 2017										
						Please visit the Investor Relations page of the Hogg Robinson Group Plc website for full details of the Hogg Robinson Group 2017 AGM...						Read More


25 May 2017										
						HRG, the Global Travel Management division of Hogg Robinson Group, confirms its place at the forefront of New Distribution Capability (NDC) by announcing...						Read More


24 May 2017										
						Hogg Robinson Group announces that it has entered into an agreement to acquire the digital travel innovator eWings.com, a next-generation travel management company....						Read More


View All








				Publications			    








Jul 2017
In the latest issue of the magazine HRG’s Global Director hrgtec, Nigel Meyer, introduces HRG’s recent next-generation travel management company acquisition, eWings.com and how this technology aims to simplify and enhance the SME corporate travel sector. Plus, discover the new, improved version of the win-win-win situation and how it’s supporting our global partner network and providing our multinational client base with service solutions that perfectly fit their needs.

 READ LATEST ISSUE








Find out how HRG can help save your company money.
Get in touch











×

Travel Emergency


					 HRG Travel Emergency Global Number +44 (0) 203 828 6478


If you are in need of emergency assistance and cannot get through to your travel team please use the HRG Travel Emergency number.
Please be aware that you may be charged for using this service and for training and quality purposes your call may be monitored or recorded.
Your call is important to us but if you have a dedicated number please dial that number, otherwise please call the number shown and have your booking reference or trip locator available and we’ll connect you to one of our team.







By using our site you are agree to our use of cookies. Learn More. OK






































Hogg Robinson plc - HRG Worldwide


































Select Country
United Kingdom
Australia
Austria
Belgium
China
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Italy
Netherlands
North America
Norway
Poland
Russia
Singapore
Sweden
Switzerland




 


Hogg Robinson plc

Hogg Robinson Group is a global corporate services provider.
Through our Travel Management Company (HRG) and Technology Company (Fraedom), we help thousands of clients in over 120 countries manage their travel, expenses, payments and data.
From our origins as a City of London insurance firm, to the global business we are today, our company has adapted successfully to the ever-changing needs of corporate customers for more than 170 years.
www.hoggrobinson.com










×

Travel Emergency


					 HRG Travel Emergency Global Number +44 (0) 203 828 6478


If you are in need of emergency assistance and cannot get through to your travel team please use the HRG Travel Emergency number.
Please be aware that you may be charged for using this service and for training and quality purposes your call may be monitored or recorded.
Your call is important to us but if you have a dedicated number please dial that number, otherwise please call the number shown and have your booking reference or trip locator available and we’ll connect you to one of our team.







By using our site you are agree to our use of cookies. Learn More. OK























Board of Directors – Hogg Robinson Group































Menu





Board of Directors











Nigel Northridge
Chairman
Nigel Northridge assumed the Chairmanship of the Board on1 April 2016 following John Coombe’s retirement from the Board on 31 March. He is the Senior Independent Directorat Inchcape plc and is also a Non-Executive Director, and the Vice Chairman of Scandinavian Tobacco Group A/S. He spent 32 years with Gallaher Group plc, including seven years aschief executive between 2000 and 2007. Nigel was the Chairman of Debenhams plc (until April 2016) and Paddy Power plc (until May 2015), and has also been a non-executive director of Aggreko plc, Thomas Cook Group plc and Aer Lingus Group plc.







David Radcliffe
Chief Executive
David Radcliffe joined the Group in 1978, was appointed to the Board in 1989 and became Chief Executive in 1997. Since then he has re-positioned the Group as a focused corporate services organisation. David is a Non-Executive Director of Wincanton plc and is a member of its Audit, Nominations and Remuneration Committees. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Sales and Marketing Management and a Companion of the Institute of Management.







Michele Maher
Chief Financial Officer
Michele Maher joined Hogg Robinson Group in 1995 and has held a series of senior operational and central financial positions with the Group. She was appointed as Finance Director Worldwide Operations of HRG in 2013 and was appointed to her current role in June 2015. Michele’s early career was with KPMG and Dell Computers. She is qualified as an FCA and also has an MBA from Cranfield University.







William Brindle
Chief Information Officer
Having joined the Company in 1998, Bill has been instrumental in driving change within the business focusing on the design, development, delivery and support of innovative business systems and architecture. Bill is responsible for all aspects of the Group’s technology, and also for Fraedom, Hogg Robinson Group’s growing Technology business.







Paul Williams
Non-Executive Director
Paul Williams has more than 30 years’ senior executive experience, with specific responsibility for human resource issues at NCR, Heinz, Glaxo, Rolls-Royce and Smith & Nephew.He is a member of the Aston University Business School Advisory Board, and is also Independent Chairman of the Port of Tyne Defined Benefit Pension Schemes Trustees. He was appointed to the Board of Hogg Robinson Group in April 2011 and is the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee. He is also a member of both the Audit and Nominations Committees.







Mark Whiteling
Senior Independent Director
Mark Whiteling was the Deputy CEO and former CFO of Premier Farnell plc (until June 2016), and has considerable senior international operational and finance experience with a number of diverse organisations including Autobar Group Limited, Communisis plc, Tibbett & Britten Group plc and Enodis plc. He was a Non-Executive Director of Future plc until December 2014 and was also Chairman of its Audit Committee. Mark chairs the Company’s Audit Committee and is also a member of the Nominations and Remuneration Committees.







John Krumins
Non-Executive Director
John Krumins is Chairman of Wavex Technology Limited, a panel member of the Competition and Markets Authority, and had previously worked within the investment banking sector for over 20 years, having held senior corporate finance and M&A positions at Morgan Stanley, Deutsche Bank and Société Générale. John has an MBA from Harvard Business School and is a member of the Company’s Audit, Remuneration and Nominations Committees.







Ashley Hubka
Non-Executive Director
Ashley Hubka was Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer of Cimpress N.V. until May 2017. Prior to joining Cimpress in 2011, Ashley was a partner at Oliver Wyman. She previously held consulting roles at Mercer Management Consulting and The World Bank, and was a director of the U.S.-India Business Council. She has a B.A. in Philosophy from Harvard University and an M.A. in International Relations from Johns Hopkins University. Ashley is a member of the Company’s Audit, Remuneration and Nominations Committees.









					By using our site you are agree to our use of cookies. Learn More. 



Ok

















Hogg Robinson Group PLC > Welcome to HRG's Investor Centre


















   











DIRECTORS

INVESTOR RELATIONS

MEDIA

CAREERS

CONTACT














DIRECTORS


INVESTOR RELATIONS


MEDIA


CAREERS


CONTACT





















                	
                	
                    Investor Relations policy
                     
                    
                     
                    
                     
                    
                    
                     
                    
                     
                    
                     
                    
                    
                    
                     

                    
                    
                     
                     
                     


                    
                    
                     
                     
                     
                    
                    
                   
                


Investor Relations policy


Share price


Financial calendar


Financial reports


Results and presentations


Regulatory announcements


Shareholder information


Corporate governance


Corporate Social Responsibility


Investor kit


Analyst coverage and brokers' estimates




Investor Relations policy


Share price


Financial calendar


Financial reports


Results and presentations


Regulatory announcements


Shareholder information


Corporate governance


Corporate Social Responsibility


Investor kit


Analyst coverage and brokers' estimates











Preliminary Announcement of FY17 Results
Click here to view the report in full





Interim Results 2016
Click here to view the report in full






Welcome to the Investor CentreThis section contains essential information about Hogg Robinson Group's financial performance. The Investor Centre provides web users with timely access to up-to-date and historical information on the Group, including announcements, presentations, interim and annual reports and other investor relations materials and tools.




Latest Share Price








Annual Report 2017
 






Please visit the 2017 Financial reports page for more informationREAD REPORT






Email Announcement Alerts
Register to receive email updates about Hogg Robinson GroupREGISTER NOW













LINKS

Directors
Contact
Media
Careers



LEGAL

Sitemap
Accessibility
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy











© Hogg Robinson Group Plc 2017. All rights reserved.












