
PFSweb Inc (PFSW.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: PFSweb Inc (PFSW.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				PFSW.O on Consolidated Issue listed on NASDAQ Capital Market


				7.61USD
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.05


					            (-0.59%)
					        






Prev Close

$7.65


Open

$7.66




Day's High

$7.79


Day's Low

$7.59




Volume

9,242


Avg. Vol

83,488




52-wk High

$11.21


52-wk Low

$5.83












					Full Description



PFSWEB, Inc., incorporated on June 28, 1999, is a global provider of omni-channel commerce solutions, including a range of technology, infrastructure and professional services. The Company's service offerings include Website design, creation and integration, digital agency and marketing, e-commerce technologies, order management, customer care, logistics and fulfillment, financial management and professional consulting. The Company operates through two segments: PFSweb, and Business and Retail Connect. PFSweb is a global provider of various infrastructure, technology and digital agency solutions and operates as a service fee business. In the Business and Retail Connect segment, subsidiaries of the Company purchase inventory from clients and resell the inventory to client customers. The Company's solutions support direct-to-consumer (DTC), business-to-business (B2B) and retail sales channels.The Company serves as the brand behind the brand for companies. As an e-commerce development company, digital agency and business process outsourcer, the Company offers solutions for brand manufacturers, online retailers and distributors across a range of industry segments. The Company supports clients in a range of industries, including fashion apparel and accessories, fragrance and beauty products, consumer packaged goods, home furnishings and housewares, collectibles and toys, and technology products. The Company markets its solutions as PFSweb's End2End eCommerce solution, which is categorized as strategic commerce consulting, agency services, technology services, omni-channel operations and technology ecosystem services. The Company provides its clients with access to a Technology Ecosystem featuring e-commerce technologies.The Company's strategic commerce consulting practice uses its commerce channel management capabilities along with consumer package goods (CPG), retail, and B2B vertical solutions to assist its clients. The Company offers solutions, such as commerce strategy, digital opportunity audits, organizational/operational readiness, omni-channel consulting, and platform evaluation/selection. LiveArea, the PFSweb Agency, is a digital retail agency. The Company builds digital strategies to target the intersection of its client's goals, brand and customers. The Company offers services, such as affiliate marketing, product merchandising, e-mail marketing and digital analytics.The Company's technology services build e-commerce Websites. PFSweb's End2End eCommerce solution for the DTC online channel includes Demandware Commerce Cloud. The Company is a Demandware Strategic Solution and End-to-End Partner. The Company provides a range of services that include strategy, creative, project management, Web development and quality assurance. The Company's Platform Support team provides technical, business and solutions support for issue management. The Company provides on-site platform training.The Company's distribution centers are located in the Memphis area, Toronto and Belgium to provide centrally located fulfillment throughout North America and Europe. The Company offers solutions in warehousing and distribution of its clients' inventory. The Company receives inventory in its distribution centers, verifies shipment accuracy, unpacks and audits packages. The Company's distribution facilities contain computerized sortation equipment, mobile pick-to-light carts, material handling equipment, scanning and bar-coding systems and automated conveyors and in-line scales. The Company's distribution facilities include radio frequency technology in product receiving processing, as well as an automated package routing and a pick-to-light paperless order fulfillment system.The Company offers reverse logistics management services, including issuing return authorizations, return carrier shipping labels, receipt of product, crediting customer accounts and disposition of returned product. The Company's domestic facilities provide security professionals from its security headquarters in Memphis, Tennessee and Southaven, Mississippi. The Company's facilities management service offering includes distribution facility design and optimization, business process reengineering, and staffing and management. The Company's kitting and assembly services include light assembly, specialized kitting and supplier-consigned inventory hub. The Company also offers light manufacturing and supplier relationship management (SRM). The Company provides build-to-order, build-to-stock, expedited orders, passive and active electrostatic discharge (ESD) controls, product labeling, serial number generation, marking and/or capture, lot number generation, asset tagging, bill of materials (BOM) or computer automated design (CAD) engineering change processing, stock keeping unit (SKU)-level pricing and billing, manufacturing and metrics reporting, first article approval processes, and quality controls. The Company also operates a coupon management system and product management program. It operates a test and repair center where it visually inspects items for cosmetic defects.Through its Web enabled customer relationship management (CRM) platform, iCommerce Agent (iCA), agents provide customer service functions, such as placing orders, checking order status, facilitating returns, gathering voice of the customer information, initiating upsell and cross sell and managing escalations. The Company offers customer assistance, quality monitoring and customer self-help services. The Company provides global payment options, as well as gift cards, B2B invoicing, and value-added tax (VAT) services. For B2B clients, it offers accounts receivable management and collection capabilities, including the ability to generate customized computer-generated invoices in its clients' names. For DTC clients, it offers secure credit card processing related services for orders made through a client Website or through its customer contact center.The Company's order management system (OMS) is a scalable solution built for DTC and B2B order processing. The Company offers a distributed order management solution utilizing the Shopatron Retailer software. The Company's order management technology solutions provide interfaces that allow for real-time information retrieval, including information on inventory, sales orders, shipments, delivery, purchase orders, warehouse receipts, customer history, accounts receivable and credit lines. In addition, for the B2B market, its technology platform provides a range of order receipt methods that facilitate commerce within various stages of the supply chain. The Company's iCommerce product content management (PCM) solution provides a set of tools for creating, integrating, mastering and syndicating product content efficiently across an entire organization. The Company offers a of technology services, including real-time Web service enabled data interfaces, file transfer methods and electronic data interchange. The Company's systems are designed to capture, store and electronically forward to its clients information regarding customer inquiries and orders, product shipments, inventory status, product returns and other information.The Company competes with Accenture Digital, Deloitte Digital, Razorfish, Sapient/Nitro, Trade Global, OneStop, BrandShot, Newgistics, Arvato, Yoox, SapientNitro, Fluid, Huge, AKQA, Digitas LBI, Astound Commerce, OSF, Optaros, Gorilla Group, Object Edge, Lyons CG, eBay Enterprise/Innotrac, OHL, Excel Logistics and UPS Logistics.

» Full Overview of PFSW.O







					Company Address



PFSweb Inc
505 Millenium DrALLEN   TX   75013-2774
P: +1972.8812900F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Michael Willoughby

2,030,670




							 Thomas Madden

982,453




							 Travis Hess

511,794




							 Mark Fuentes

--




							 Elizabeth Johnson

--




» More Officers & Directors





					PFSweb Inc News




BRIEF-Pfsweb Q4 loss per share $0.19

Mar 16 2017 

» More PFSW.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyIT Services & Consulting





















Company Profile for PFSweb Inc



























































X



Edition:

India


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: PFSweb Inc (PFSW.OQ)





Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyIT Services & Consulting












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    










				PFSW.OQ on NASDAQ Stock Exchange Capital Market


				7.62USD
8:35pm IST





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.03


					            (-0.39%)
					        






Prev Close

$7.65


Open

$7.66




Day's High

$7.73


Day's Low

$7.59




Volume

1,785


Avg. Vol

32,231




52-wk High

$11.17


52-wk Low

$5.83












					Full Description



PFSWEB, Inc., incorporated on June 28, 1999, is a global provider of omni-channel commerce solutions, including a range of technology, infrastructure and professional services. The Company's service offerings include Website design, creation and integration, digital agency and marketing, e-commerce technologies, order management, customer care, logistics and fulfillment, financial management and professional consulting. The Company operates through two segments: PFSweb, and Business and Retail Connect. PFSweb is a global provider of various infrastructure, technology and digital agency solutions and operates as a service fee business. In the Business and Retail Connect segment, subsidiaries of the Company purchase inventory from clients and resell the inventory to client customers. The Company's solutions support direct-to-consumer (DTC), business-to-business (B2B) and retail sales channels.The Company serves as the brand behind the brand for companies. As an e-commerce development company, digital agency and business process outsourcer, the Company offers solutions for brand manufacturers, online retailers and distributors across a range of industry segments. The Company supports clients in a range of industries, including fashion apparel and accessories, fragrance and beauty products, consumer packaged goods, home furnishings and housewares, collectibles and toys, and technology products. The Company markets its solutions as PFSweb's End2End eCommerce solution, which is categorized as strategic commerce consulting, agency services, technology services, omni-channel operations and technology ecosystem services. The Company provides its clients with access to a Technology Ecosystem featuring e-commerce technologies.The Company's strategic commerce consulting practice uses its commerce channel management capabilities along with consumer package goods (CPG), retail, and B2B vertical solutions to assist its clients. The Company offers solutions, such as commerce strategy, digital opportunity audits, organizational/operational readiness, omni-channel consulting, and platform evaluation/selection. LiveArea, the PFSweb Agency, is a digital retail agency. The Company builds digital strategies to target the intersection of its client's goals, brand and customers. The Company offers services, such as affiliate marketing, product merchandising, e-mail marketing and digital analytics.The Company's technology services build e-commerce Websites. PFSweb's End2End eCommerce solution for the DTC online channel includes Demandware Commerce Cloud. The Company is a Demandware Strategic Solution and End-to-End Partner. The Company provides a range of services that include strategy, creative, project management, Web development and quality assurance. The Company's Platform Support team provides technical, business and solutions support for issue management. The Company provides on-site platform training.The Company's distribution centers are located in the Memphis area, Toronto and Belgium to provide centrally located fulfillment throughout North America and Europe. The Company offers solutions in warehousing and distribution of its clients' inventory. The Company receives inventory in its distribution centers, verifies shipment accuracy, unpacks and audits packages. The Company's distribution facilities contain computerized sortation equipment, mobile pick-to-light carts, material handling equipment, scanning and bar-coding systems and automated conveyors and in-line scales. The Company's distribution facilities include radio frequency technology in product receiving processing, as well as an automated package routing and a pick-to-light paperless order fulfillment system.The Company offers reverse logistics management services, including issuing return authorizations, return carrier shipping labels, receipt of product, crediting customer accounts and disposition of returned product. The Company's domestic facilities provide security professionals from its security headquarters in Memphis, Tennessee and Southaven, Mississippi. The Company's facilities management service offering includes distribution facility design and optimization, business process reengineering, and staffing and management. The Company's kitting and assembly services include light assembly, specialized kitting and supplier-consigned inventory hub. The Company also offers light manufacturing and supplier relationship management (SRM). The Company provides build-to-order, build-to-stock, expedited orders, passive and active electrostatic discharge (ESD) controls, product labeling, serial number generation, marking and/or capture, lot number generation, asset tagging, bill of materials (BOM) or computer automated design (CAD) engineering change processing, stock keeping unit (SKU)-level pricing and billing, manufacturing and metrics reporting, first article approval processes, and quality controls. The Company also operates a coupon management system and product management program. It operates a test and repair center where it visually inspects items for cosmetic defects.Through its Web enabled customer relationship management (CRM) platform, iCommerce Agent (iCA), agents provide customer service functions, such as placing orders, checking order status, facilitating returns, gathering voice of the customer information, initiating upsell and cross sell and managing escalations. The Company offers customer assistance, quality monitoring and customer self-help services. The Company provides global payment options, as well as gift cards, B2B invoicing, and value-added tax (VAT) services. For B2B clients, it offers accounts receivable management and collection capabilities, including the ability to generate customized computer-generated invoices in its clients' names. For DTC clients, it offers secure credit card processing related services for orders made through a client Website or through its customer contact center.The Company's order management system (OMS) is a scalable solution built for DTC and B2B order processing. The Company offers a distributed order management solution utilizing the Shopatron Retailer software. The Company's order management technology solutions provide interfaces that allow for real-time information retrieval, including information on inventory, sales orders, shipments, delivery, purchase orders, warehouse receipts, customer history, accounts receivable and credit lines. In addition, for the B2B market, its technology platform provides a range of order receipt methods that facilitate commerce within various stages of the supply chain. The Company's iCommerce product content management (PCM) solution provides a set of tools for creating, integrating, mastering and syndicating product content efficiently across an entire organization. The Company offers a of technology services, including real-time Web service enabled data interfaces, file transfer methods and electronic data interchange. The Company's systems are designed to capture, store and electronically forward to its clients information regarding customer inquiries and orders, product shipments, inventory status, product returns and other information.The Company competes with Accenture Digital, Deloitte Digital, Razorfish, Sapient/Nitro, Trade Global, OneStop, BrandShot, Newgistics, Arvato, Yoox, SapientNitro, Fluid, Huge, AKQA, Digitas LBI, Astound Commerce, OSF, Optaros, Gorilla Group, Object Edge, Lyons CG, eBay Enterprise/Innotrac, OHL, Excel Logistics and UPS Logistics.

» Full Overview of PFSW.OQ







					Company Address



PFSweb Inc
505 Millenium DrALLEN   TX   75013-2774
P: +1972.8812900F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Michael Willoughby

2,030,670




							 Thomas Madden

982,453




							 Travis Hess

511,794




							 Mark Fuentes

--




							 Elizabeth Johnson

--




» More Officers & Directors





					PFSweb Inc News




BRIEF-Pfsweb Q4 loss per share $0.19

16 Mar 2017 

» More PFSW.OQ  News
















Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesTechnologyIT Services & Consulting































About PFS | Company History and Leadership | PFS






















































 































Submit








ABOUT

HISTORY   |   TIMELINE   |   LEADERSHIP

The moment a customer flicks on their digital screen, PFS is there. The site they peruse through to find just the right gift for mom, the page they trust payment information with, the branded package they open when it’s delivered to their doorstep. Every touchpoint of the customer journey is thoughtfully constructed by us, designed with the shopper in mind. From creating eCommerce sites to picking and packing orders, we provide the technology and services needed for retailers and brands to power their online business. Only when our clients’ shoppers have received an outstanding online experience is our mission complete.

HISTORY

Cut from the cloth of an international wholesale distributor, PFS was established in 1994 to provide customer care and logistics services to clients in the budding eCommerce industry. Over time, we developed alongside the industry, bringing in professional services to round out our operations offering. Today, this blend of services makes us the only platform-agnostic Global Commerce Service Provider in the market.




ACQUISITIONS
FACT SHEET


TIMELINE




JAN '94

PFSweb, Inc. Founded
Born from a wholesale distributor of computer and office automation supplies, PFSweb, Inc. was founded by former CEO Mark Layton and was initially created to perform order processing, fulfillment, and call center services for retailers as the demand for outsourcing grew in the market.


JAN '99

International Expansion
In order to help our clients expand their geographic footprint, PFSweb established distribution and call centers in Liege, Belgium and Toronto, Canada. Our clients could now service their customers with a localized offering in these respective markets.


DEC '99

Initial Public Offering
Our IPO was on December 2, 1999. We are currently still traded on the NASDAQ Exchange (PFSW). Click here for more investor related information.


AUG '08

End-to-End Solution Launched
PFSweb developed a new solution that combined the company’s experienced order management, order fulfillment, and call center services together with new eCommerce web development services to create a complete eCommerce solution to address the specific needs of clients and their customers.


SEP '09

Interactive Marketing Services Launched
PFSweb formally created a digital marketing department to help clients deploy email marketing, web analytics, and product merchandising services. This included partnerships with specific best-in-breed marketing technology providers.


MAR '13

Michael Willoughby Named CEO
Previously the Vice President of eCommerce and President of PFSweb, Michael (Mike) Willoughby was named CEO in 2013. Mike’s extensive background in technology and unrivaled company tenure made him the perfect fit to lead PFSweb.


SEP '14

Acquisition of REV Solutions, Inc.
PFSweb acquired REV, an eCommerce systems integrator based in Minnesota, to enhance the company’s technology service offering, accelerating growth within the professional services segment. REV not only expanded our Demandware development capabilities but also added Oracle Commerce to our family of offerings.


SEP '14

Acquisition of LiveAreaLabs
PFSweb acquired LiveAreaLabs, a digital creative agency based in Seattle, broadening the company’s agency capabilities to support our legacy of digital marketing capabilities. This included strategy, creative, and UX design offerings. Now branded as LiveArea, our in-house agency can deliver premium shopping experiences for clients.


JUN '15

Acquisition of MODA
PFSweb acquired MODA, a London-based eCommerce systems integrator, further enhancing our technology and agency services offerings for the U.K. market. MODA expanded our Demandware development capabilities and added Magento to our technology offerings.


AUG '15

Acquisition of CrossView
PFSweb acquired CrossView, an eCommerce systems integrator and strategy firm, enhancing our technology service offering by adding IBM Commerce and SAP Hybris practices to the business. This acquisition solidified our position in the marketplace as the only provider of end-to-end eCommerce technology solutions that supports all five major eCommerce software platforms.


NOV '15

Consulting Practice Launched
PFSweb announced the development of a Strategic Commerce Consulting practice specifically designed to engage with our clients more strategically and much earlier in their commerce journey. These new services for both B2B and B2C brands are designed to help clients realize their business’ full digital potential.


JUN '16

Acquisition of Conexus
PFSweb acquired Conexus, a U.K. based eCommerce systems integrator, to enhance our technology service offering on the SAP Hybris software platform. Similar to the MODA acquisition, Conexus' strong footprint in the U.K. further solidifies our status as a leading SAP Hybris integrator.


SEP '16

Brand Refresh
PFSweb officially unveiled a brand refresh for our corporate and agency brands. We are now simply known as “PFS” and “LiveArea,” with new logos to match our savvy, forward-thinking abilities well positioned to compete in multiple segments of commerce.




LEADERSHIP

Leading the company with their expertise, knowledge, and hard‑earned tenure, our company executives emphasize the daily opportunity to exceed our clients’ expectations, delivering Commerce Without Compromise.


VIEW BIOS
OUR MISSION

PFS is a Global Commerce Services company creating exceptional Client and Customer experiences!

















CONTACT US

SUBSCRIBE

   |  © 2017 PFSweb, Inc. All Rights Reserved   |  Privacy Policy   |  Corporate Governance











 














 




















PFSweb - Wikipedia





















 






PFSweb

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


PFSweb, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: PFSW


Industry



eCommerce
Outsourcing
Fulfillment
Call Center
Web Development
Digital Marketing





Founded
1994


Headquarters
Allen, Texas, United States



Number of locations

14 (United States, Canada, England, Belgium, Bulgaria, India)



Area served

Worldwide (North America, Europe, Asia, South America, Africa)



Key people

Michael Willoughby (CEO)
Thomas J. Madden (CFO)
Travis Hess (EVP of Sales)
Cindy Almond (EVP of Client Services)



Number of employees

1001-5000


Website
PFSweb.com


PFSweb, Inc. (Priority Fulfillment Services) is an international provider of eCommerce solutions[1] most well known as a leading business-to-business (B2B) and direct-to-consumer (DTC) order fulfillment and customer service provider.
Services offered by PFSweb include:



processing and shipping orders
customer care
managing inventory
eCommerce site development
digital marketing services (creative, analytics, SEO/SEM, etc.)[2]



The company was founded in 1994 in the Dallas suburb of Plano, Texas. PFSweb's corporate headquarters were relocated to Allen, Texas in March 2012 with call center operations moved to downtown Dallas, Texas.



Contents


1 History

1.1 1994-1998: Origin under Daisytek
1.2 1999-2001: PFSweb emerges and expands into Europe
1.3 2002-2004: Online expansion and company layoffs
1.4 2005-2007: Adding eCOST.com and Asia expansion
1.5 2008-2010: Partnerships and new clients
1.6 2011-2013: Sale of eCOST.com and the launch of an omni-channel solution
1.7 2014-Present: Company acquisitions and international growth
1.8 2015-2016: PFSweb rebrands to PFS, launches Consulting practice


2 Culture
3 Clients
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
1994-1998: Origin under Daisytek[edit]
PFSweb, Inc. was founded in 1994 as Priority Fulfillment Services, Inc. (PFS) by Texas-based Daisytek International Corporation, a leading wholesale distributor of computer and office automation supplies such as printer ribbons, toner cartridges, and computer disks. The new unit was initially created to perform order-processing, fulfillment, and telemarketing services for other companies, due to a growing demand for outsourcing in this area. Soon after its formation under Daisytek, PFSweb was chosen to perform telemarketing and distribution services for IBM product lines throughout North America.
PFSweb soon began to take on additional clients, and Daisytek doubled the size of its own "superhub" warehouse/shipping center in Memphis, Tennessee in part because of the unit's success.[3]
1999-2001: PFSweb emerges and expands into Europe[edit]
In January 1999, the company formed a European division, PFSweb Europe, with 10 employees working at a call and fulfillment center in Maastricht, Netherlands, and also launched a new division that offered order fulfillment services to internet-based retailers. It was targeted toward both web-based and brick-and-mortar firms who were adding web ordering capabilities to their businesses and needed to get systems and staff in place quickly.
In mid 1999, the parent firm Daisytek began selling shares of the firm on NASDAQ, capitalizing on the market frenzy for internet stocks
In early December 1999, one-fifth of the company, now bearing the name PFSweb Inc., highlighted by its eCommerce capabilities, was sold in an initial public offering (IPO). Mark Layton, the 40-year-old CEO of Daisytek, who had recently published a book called “.coms or .bombs ... Strategies for Profit in e-Business”, took the titles of president, CEO, and chairman of PFSweb, while remaining the board chairman of Daisytek.
In late July 2000, PFSweb introduced the Entente Suite of software, which offered full eCommerce support from web site interface to back-office accounting functions, customizable to meet each customer's needs. PFSweb also added managed hosting and web site development services to its offerings. To accomplish the former, the firm established a secure data center.[4]
2002-2004: Online expansion and company layoffs[edit]
In February 2002, PFSweb began offering customized manufacturing and supplier inventory services to further support its clients. In June, PFSweb signed a five-year contract with the Smithsonian Institution's Business Ventures unit to provide fulfillment services for catalog and web orders. An alliance was also formed with eBay that would allow PFSweb's clients to distribute their products via that firm's online auction site. PFSweb was striving to cut costs after losing key clients during the .com bubble burst, which ultimately forced them to lay off 60 employees, paring its total staff to about 550.
In June 2004, PFSweb, Texas, and Raytheon Aircraft Company jointly announced that PFSweb would perform fulfillment services at the Raytheon Aircraft Parts Inventory & Distribution (RAPID) facility.[5]
In August 2004, the company signed a lease on a 435,000-square-foot (40,400 m2) warehouse/shipping center in Southaven, Mississippi, which was located near its Memphis superhub site. The firm had been in a dispute with Memphis officials since 2003, when former parent company Daisytek had gone bankrupt and tax breaks previously granted for the Memphis site had ended. When an appeal to re-acquire the tax breaks was denied, the firm sought a new location outside of Memphis.[6]
2005-2007: Adding eCOST.com and Asia expansion[edit]
In June 2005, PFSweb launched a new corporate website to reflect the company's position as a leading business process outsourcing (BPO) provider.[7]
In November 2005, PFSweb and eCOST.com announced that they had entered into a non-binding letter of intent (LOI) signifying the merger of PFSweb and eCOST.com. Under the terms of the merge, PFSweb issued eCOST.com shareholders one PFSweb common share for each outstanding share of eCOST.com in a tax-free, share-for-share transaction. As a result, eCOST.com became a wholly owned subsidiary of PFSweb. The merger was officially completed in February 2006.[8]
In 2006, PFSweb named Michael Willoughby as the President of the company[9] and acquired several notable clients, including LEGO, Roots Canada Ltd, and Katun Canada.[10]
PFSweb, Inc. announced in April 2007 that it would be expanding customer care services operations with a new 6,500-square-foot (600 m2) customer call center in the Philippines. The new facility, located in downtown Manila, initially housed the customer service department for eCOST.com, but on a case-by-case basis the services of this location were also offered to PFSweb clients.[11]
2008-2010: Partnerships and new clients[edit]
In early 2008, PFSweb formed a partnership with Demandware to assist in targeting the e-commerce technology market - the purpose was to combine Demandware’s e-commerce platform with PFSweb’s fulfillment and customer care services. PFSweb integrated the technology with its existing services, allowing PFSweb to enter into the marketplace of End-to-End (E2E) suppliers with PFSweb's End2End eCommerce® solution.[12]
PFSweb announced in April 2009 a five-year agreement had been reached with Army & Air Force Exchange Service (AAFES) to provide a comprehensive global fulfillment solution that supports the All Services Exchange Catalog and Online Store.[13]
On January 15, 2010, it was announced that PFSweb and Procter and Gamble (P&G) had joined together to launch an online store. Named the “eStore”, this online shopping site is owned and operated by PFSweb and will exclusively feature P&G products for sale to consumers within the United States. The eStore was planned to launch in the spring of 2010, pending a pilot of the site with 5,000 consumers.[14]
On April 7, 2010, Carter's, Inc. selected PFSweb to operate their innovative multi-brand web store along with their high-touch customer care services, as well as fully branded order fulfillment and comprehensive financial transaction management for the Carter’s and OshKosh B'Gosh brands.[15]
2011-2013: Sale of eCOST.com and the launch of an omni-channel solution[edit]
On February 22, 2011, it was announced that PFSweb completed the sale of certain assets of eCOST.com to a new subsidiary of PC Mall, Inc. for $2.3 million. In addition, PC Mall has contracted with PFSweb to provide a variety of eCommerce services, including IT and customer care to support PC Mall's newly acquired eCOST.com operations on a temporary basis.[16] PFSweb announced on March 22, 2011 its partnership with luxury brand kate spade New York using its End2End eCommerce offering. This eCommerce effort was unique for PFSweb in that the kate spade New York website not only features an eCommerce storefront, but also a collaborative "play" section focused on content instead of products.[17] PFSweb also announced on September 15, 2011 its global relationship with the Clarins Group[18] and on January 4, 2012 an agreement with L'Oréal USA to launch and manage eCommerce sites for a portfolio of brands including Kiehl's, Lancôme, Yves Saint Laurent Beauté, and Giorgio Armani Beauty.[19] In March 2012, Gerber Childrenswear announced their updated eCommerce website using PFSweb's End2End eCommerce solution[20] and in April 2012, PFSweb announced an agreement with Elizabeth Arden.[21]
PFSweb announced more clients in 2012 including Amer Sports Group and its Suunto brand,[22] W. L. Gore and Associates and its BIKE WEAR and RUNNING WEAR brands,[23] and Pandora A/S.[24] The company also received another supplier of the year award from Riverbed[25] and launched a new solution through a partnership with Shopatron to create an omni-channel commerce solution.[26] At the end of 2012 it was announced PFSweb was selected to launch and support eCommerce solutions for Kraft Foods brands Gevalia and Tassimo.[27]
In February 2013, PFSweb announced a relationship with BCBGMAXAZRIAGROUP[28] and also launched a branded eCommerce site for spirits and alcoholic beverage producer Diageo.[29] The following month, PFSweb announced a leadership change as Mike Willoughby replaced Mark Layton as CEO of the company. One of Willoughby's first actions as CEO was the forming of a relationship with Japanese company transcosmos, who also made a $14.7 million investment in PFSweb.[30] New clients added in 2013 included TJX Companies, L'Oréal brand Clarisonic,[31] the United States Mint,[32] and Delsey Luggage.[33] PFSweb announced in 2014 it would provide eCommerce solutions for the Japanese mattress topper brand airweave[34] by leveraging its relationship with transcosmos. Other client additions included L'Oreal brand Urban Decay,[35] and Canada eCommerce support for the brand Canada Goose.[36]
2014-Present: Company acquisitions and international growth[edit]
PFSweb acquired two companies in September 2014 - REV Solutions[37] (eCommerce development and integration) and LiveAreaLabs[38] (creative services, user experience, and digital strategy). The company continued its international growth into 2015 by launching offices in Germany and the U.K.[39] as well as expanding operations in Bangalore, India (a result of the Manila office closing).[40] PFSweb completed the acquisitions of MODA Superbe Limited (MODA), a European eCommerce system integrator and consultancy in June[41] and eCommerce systems integrator CrossView in August 2015.[42] PFSweb completed the acquisition of Conexus Limited, a U.K.-based eCommerce system integrator in June 2015.[43]
2015-2016: PFSweb rebrands to PFS, launches Consulting practice[edit]
To meet the quickly developing market needs of eCommere, PFSweb launched their official Consulting practice in November of 2015, lead by Douglas Hollinger, PhD. As the premier platform-agnostic commerce service provider, PFS’s consulting practice focuses on the solutions, strategies, roadmaps, organizational models, and essential frameworks necessary for clients to meet short-term and long-term goals.
Culture[edit]
PFSweb has partnered with several charities in the past, including the United Way and the Children’s Advocacy Center of Collin County. During the holiday season, PFSweb employees volunteer in their communities on behalf of United Way and have pledged more than $60,000 to support the mission of United Way of Metropolitan Dallas.[44] In 2013, PFSweb launched the SPARK program to assist people in need in the Dallas-Fort Worth area.
The company has also received several accolades, including a "Quality Supplier" award from Xerox,[45] an ASPire award for "best management and operations practice",[46] and a top 5 ranking in the Deloitte & Touche Technology Fast 500.[47] PFSweb was also awarded the 2009 "Technology Supplier of the Year" award by Riverbed Technology.[48]
After receiving a $300,000 grant from the city of Dallas in 2011, PFSweb relocated their call center operation from Plano, Texas to Dallas, Texas, residing in the 56-story Renaissance Tower directly in Downtown Dallas.[49] PFSweb also relocated its corporate headquarters in March 2012 from Plano, Texas to Allen, Texas.[50]
Clients[edit]
Clients of PFSweb include:



airweave [51]
ASICS [52]
BCBGMAXAZRIAGROUP [53]
Canada Goose [54]
Clarins Group [55]
Clarisonic [56]
Diageo [57]
Delsey [58]
Elizabeth Arden, Incorporated [59]
Gaiam [60]
Giorgi Armani Beauty [61]
GORE BIKE WEAR and GORE RUNNING WEAR (W. L. Gore and Associates) [62]
InfoPrint Solutions Company (IBM)
Kiehl's [63]
Kraft Foods [64]
Lancôme [65]
LEGO [66]
P&G [67]
Pandora A/S [68]
Riverbed Technology [69]
Roots Canada Ltd. [70]
Sephora
Sunglass Hut
Suunto [71]
TJX Companies
T.J. Maxx
Urban Decay [72]
United States Mint [73]
Yves Saint Laurent Beauté [74]



References[edit]



^ PFSweb Inc. | Reuters.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ PFSweb Inc. Hoover's Profile | Answers.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ PFSweb Inc. Hoover's Profile | Answers.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ PFSweb Inc. Hoover's Profile | Answers.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ "PFSweb Wins Additional Raytheon Aircraft Contract to Operate Western Hemisphere". 
^ PFSweb Inc. Hoover's Profile | Answers.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ "PFSweb Launches Dynamic New Corporate Website". 
^ PFSweb Inc. | Reuters.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ PFSweb Inc. | Reuters.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ PFSweb Inc. | Reuters.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ PFSweb Inc. | Reuters.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ PFSweb and Demandware Form Strategic Partnership | AMR Research Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ PFSweb Inc. | Reuters.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ P&G and PFSweb to Launch E-Commerce Learning Lab | msn.com[permanent dead link] Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ Carter's Inc. Selects PFSweb to Launch End-to-End eCommerce Solutions for Carter's and OshKosh B'Gosh | Yahoo! Finance Retrieved April 16, 2010.[dead link]
^ PC Mall acquires the assets of web retailer eCost.com | InternetRetailer.com Retrieved February 22, 2011.
^ Kate Spade New York Now Gets A Custom e-Commerce Service From PFSweb | TheLuxuryHub.com Retrieved March 22, 2011.
^ PFSweb Launches Global Service Agreement with the Clarins Group | Reuters.com Retrieved September 31, 2011.
^ PFSweb will develop additional web stores for L’Oreal SA | InternetRetailer.com Retrieved January 4, 2012.
^ Gerber Childrenswear Unveils Updated E-Commerce Website Utilizing PFSweb's End2End eCommerce(R) Solution | Thestreet.com Retrieved March 7, 2012.
^ Elizabeth Arden Launches Web Commerce Site Utilizing PFSweb's End2End eCommerce(R) Platform | MarketWatch.com Retrieved April 25, 2012.
^ PFSweb Powers Suunto | TexasTechPulse.com Retrieved May 22, 2012.
^ GORE BIKE WEAR® and GORE RUNNING WEAR® Launch First Consumer Sites Utilizing PFSweb’s End2End eCommerce® Platform | Boston.com Retrieved August 2, 2012.
^ PANDORA Selects PFSweb's End2End eCommerce® Platform for UK e-Commerce Solution | DailyFinance.com Retrieved November 23, 2012.
^ PFSweb, Inc. Awarded Supplier of the Year for 2011 by Riverbed | BusinessWire.com Retrieved June 26, 2012.
^ PFSweb Launches Omnichannel Commerce Tool | InternetRetailer.com Retrieved November 21, 2012.
^ PFSweb Wins Kraft's Gevalia, Tassimo Brands | TexasTechPulse.com Retrieved December 4, 2012.
^ BCBGMAXAZRIAGROUP Turns to PFSweb’s iCommerce Omni-Channel Commerce Solution | Finance.Yahoo.com Retrieved February 20, 2013.
^ Diageo unveils luxury e-commerce platform Alexander & James | TheDrum.com Retrieved February 14, 2013
^ PFSweb Announces Strategic Relationship with transcosmos and Receives $14.7 Million Equity Investment | businesswire.com Retrieved May 15, 2013
^ PFSweb launches DTC e-commerce solution for L'Oréal USA's Clarisonic | drugstorenews.com Retrieved October 4, 2013.
^ United States Mint Selects PFSweb's End2End eCommerce® Platform | Yahoo! Finance Retrieved October 23, 2013.
^ PFSweb Powers E-Commerce For French Luggage Brand DELSEY | texastechpulse.com Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ airweave Launches U.S. eCommerce Solution with PFSweb | prnewswire.com Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ PFSweb Adds Ninth L'Oreal USA Brand to Client Portfolio | finance.yahoo.com Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ PFSweb Partners with Canada Goose to Provide a Comprehensive eCommerce Solution | marketwired.com Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ PFSweb Acquires eCommerce System Integrator REV Solutions | marketwatch.com Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ PFSweb Inc. Closes Acquisition Of LiveAreaLabs - Quick Facts | nasdaq.com Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ PFSweb Opens Two Additional European Sales Offices | finance.yahoo.com Retrieved November 19, 2014
^ PFSweb Expands India Operations and Reports Successful Holiday Season | marketwatch.com Retrieved January 6, 2015
^ PFSweb Acquires eCommerce System Integrator, MODA
^ PFSweb Acquires CrossView, an eCommerce System Integrator
^ PFSweb Acquires Conexus, a U.K. based eCommerce System Integrator
^ United Way Dallas: In the Spotlight - PFSweb | unitedwaydallas.org Retrieved February 09, 2010.
^ PFSweb Earns "Quality Supplier Status from Xerox" | findarticles.com Retrieved February 09, 2010.
^ PFSweb Wins ASPire Award for Best Management and Operations Practice | findarticles.com Retrieved February 09, 2010.
^ PFSweb Ranks Number 4 Nationally In Deloitte & Touche Technology Fast 500 | findarticles.com Retrieved February 09, 2010.
^ PFSweb, Inc. Named 2009 Supplier of the Year by Riverbed | marketwatch.com Retrieved February 09, 2010.
^ PFSweb Inc. to move to downtown Dallas, add up to 800 jobs | Dallas Business Journal Retrieved September 02, 2011.
^ PFSweb Inc. to move headquarters, 500 employees to Allen | Dallas Business Journal Retrieved September 02, 2011.
^ airweave Launches U.S. eCommerce Solution with PFSweb | prnewswire.com Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ PFSweb Launches New eCommerce Solution for ASICS Corporation | stockhouse.com Retrieved February 24, 2015.
^ BCBGMAXAZRIAGROUP Turns to PFSweb’s iCommerce Omni-Channel Commerce Solution | Finance.Yahoo.com Retrieved February 20, 2013.
^ PFSweb Partners with Canada Goose to Provide a Comprehensive eCommerce Solution | marketwired.com Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ PFSweb Launches Global Service Agreement with the Clarins Group | Reuters.com Retrieved September 31, 2011.
^ PFSweb launches DTC e-commerce solution for L'Oréal USA's Clarisonic | drugstorenews.com Retrieved October 4, 2013.
^ Diageo unveils luxury e-commerce platform Alexander & James | TheDrum.com Retrieved February 14, 2013
^ PFSweb Powers E-Commerce For French Luggage Brand DELSEY | texastechpulse.com Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Elizabeth Arden Launches Web Commerce Site Utilizing PFSweb's End2End eCommerce(R) Platform | MarketWatch.com Retrieved April 25, 2012.
^ PFSweb Partners With Gaiam to Provide Infrastructure Services | finance.yahoo.com Retrieved May 22, 2015.
^ PFSweb will develop additional web stores for L’Oreal SA | InternetRetailer.com Retrieved January 4, 2012.
^ GORE BIKE WEAR® and GORE RUNNING WEAR® Launch First Consumer Sites Utilizing PFSweb’s End2End eCommerce® Platform | Boston.com Retrieved August 2, 2012.
^ PFSweb will develop additional web stores for L’Oreal SA | InternetRetailer.com Retrieved January 4, 2012.
^ PFSweb Wins Kraft's Gevalia, Tassimo Brands | TexasTechPulse.com Retrieved December 4, 2012.
^ PFSweb will develop additional web stores for L’Oreal SA | InternetRetailer.com Retrieved January 4, 2012.
^ PFSweb, LEGO ink deal | Memphis Business Journal Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ P&G and PFS web to launch eStore | P&G.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ PANDORA Selects PFSweb's End2End eCommerce® Platform for UK e-Commerce Solution | DailyFinance.com Retrieved November 23, 2012.
^ Riverbed Selects PFSweb to Provide International Logistics, Product Configuration and Final Assembly Solution | businesswire.com Retrieved February 08, 2010.
^ PFSweb Signs Agreement with Roots for E-Commerce Support Throughout Canada | allbusiness.com Retrieved February 08, 2010. Archived July 22, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ PFSweb Powers Suunto | TexasTechPulse.com Retrieved May 22, 2012.
^ PFSweb Adds Ninth L'Oreal USA Brand to Client Portfolio | finance.yahoo.com Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ United States Mint Selects PFSweb's End2End eCommerce® Platform | Yahoo! Finance Retrieved October 23, 2013.
^ PFSweb will develop additional web stores for L’Oreal SA | InternetRetailer.com Retrieved January 4, 2012.



External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to PFSweb.



PFSweb Official Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=PFSweb&oldid=788495667"					
Categories: OutsourcingCommerce websitesInternet companies of the United StatesHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2016Webarchive template wayback linksPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 19:17.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








PFSweb, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 11:20 AM ET
IT Services

Company Overview of PFSweb, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
PFSweb, Inc. provides omni-channel commerce solutions in the United States, Europe, Canada, and India. It operates through two segments, PFSweb, and Business and Retail Connect. The company offers strategic commerce consulting services, including commerce strategy, digital opportunity audit, organizational/operational readiness, omni-channel consulting, and platform evaluation/selection services; and agency services, such as LiveArea, digital strategy, design, user experience, interactive development, SEO and paid search, affiliate marketing, conversion optimization, storefront management, email marketing, and digital analytics. It also provides technology services comprising direct-to-consu...
PFSweb, Inc. provides omni-channel commerce solutions in the United States, Europe, Canada, and India. It operates through two segments, PFSweb, and Business and Retail Connect. The company offers strategic commerce consulting services, including commerce strategy, digital opportunity audit, organizational/operational readiness, omni-channel consulting, and platform evaluation/selection services; and agency services, such as LiveArea, digital strategy, design, user experience, interactive development, SEO and paid search, affiliate marketing, conversion optimization, storefront management, email marketing, and digital analytics. It also provides technology services comprising direct-to-consumer e-commerce, e-commerce development, platform support, quality assurance, and training services. In addition, the company offers order fulfillment services, including distribution facilities and infrastructure, facility operations and management, kitting and assembly, and product management and inspection; customer care services comprising customer service application, customer assistance, quality monitoring, and customer self-help; and financial services consisting of business-to-business and direct-to-consumer financial management services. Further, it provides technology ecosystem services, such as order management interfaces, product content management, technology collaboration, and information management services. The company serves clients in various industries, such as fashion apparel and accessories, fragrance and beauty products, consumer packaged goods, home furnishings and housewares, collectibles, and toys and technology products. PFSweb, Inc. was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Allen, Texas.
Detailed Description


505 Millennium DriveAllen, TX 75013United StatesFounded in 19992,500 Employees



Phone: 972-881-2900

www.pfsweb.com







Key Executives for PFSweb, Inc.




Mr. Michael C. Willoughby


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 53
        

Total Annual Compensation: $509.1K








Mr. Thomas J. Madden


      	Chief Financial Officer, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $350.9K








Ms. Elizabeth E. Johnson


      	Senior Vice President and General Manager of Agency Services
      


Age: 42
        

Total Annual Compensation: $246.3K








Mr. Christopher Travis Hess


      	Executive Vice President of Sales
      


Age: 45
        

Total Annual Compensation: $274.4K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

PFSweb, Inc. Key Developments

PFSweb, Inc. Reports Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017; Reiterates Earnings Guidance for the Year 2017
May 10 17
PFSweb, Inc. reported unaudited consolidated earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported total revenues of $78,768,000 against $75,080,000 a year ago. Loss before income taxes was $4,081,000 against $286,000 a year ago. Net loss was $4,856,000 against $752,000 a year ago. Non-GAAP net loss was $0.733 million against income of $0.041 million a year ago. EBITDA was $463,000 against $3,801,000 a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA was $3,652,000 against $3,750,000 a year ago. 

The company is reiterating its outlook for 2017 service fee equivalent revenue to range between $240 million and $250 million, reflecting growth of 5% to 9% from 2016. The company also maintains its target for adjusted EBITDA to range between $23 million and $26 million, reflecting 26% to 43% growth from 2016.


PFSweb, Inc. Presents at 14th Annual Craig-Hallum Institutional Investor Conference, May-31-2017
May 3 17
PFSweb, Inc. Presents at 14th Annual Craig-Hallum Institutional Investor Conference, May-31-2017 . Venue: The Depot Renaissance Minneapolis Hotel, 225 Third Avenue South, Minneapolis, MN 55401, United States.


PFSweb, Inc. to Report Q1, 2017 Results on May 10, 2017
May 2 17
PFSweb, Inc. announced that they will report Q1, 2017 results at 5:00 PM, US Eastern Standard Time on May 10, 2017


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @aquila, Incorporated United States 0ptimus Consulting LLC United States 1 Source Consulting, Inc. United States 10th Magnitude, Inc. United States 10up, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact PFSweb, Inc., please visit www.pfsweb.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close











































PFSweb Inc. (@PFSweb) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.




About






Search query



Search Twitter









Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      PFSweb Inc.



@PFSweb












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
2,069
            



Following
Following
1,651



Followers
Followers
1,939



Likes
Likes
32

 
 
More 







Likes






Unmute @PFSweb

Mute @PFSweb



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















PFSweb Inc.



@PFSweb


The brand behind the world's leading brands. #eCommerce #Agency #Technology #Operations #Consulting



            Global 

      



 
    pfsweb.com
  




Joined February 2010












                
                56 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @PFSweb
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @PFSweb
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            PFSweb Inc. followed
        

























PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

19m19 minutes ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#AI and the retail store of the future -http://ow.ly/NgpX30dZtYH 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

50m50 minutes ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How humans mix with big data -http://ow.ly/uQWX30dVSuD 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

21h21 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The future of the USB cord -http://ow.ly/mmPA30dY5z1 









0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

22h22 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#India #eCommerce at $33 billion -http://www.livemint.com/Politics/I6fuYRUg0QyuEQfNgLsiKL/Indias-ecommerce-market-to-touch-33-billion-this-fiscal.html …









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Aug 2






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Considering #chatbots? What you need to know -http://ow.ly/pCua30dIRix 









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Aug 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Are screens impacting our happiness? -http://ow.ly/3OD730dVShd 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Aug 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How to get ahead in #machine #learning -http://ow.ly/3iyF30dXKzJ 









0 replies




0 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 31






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







What we can do to improve #AI and #chatbot communications -http://ow.ly/Nobn30dZin8 









0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 31






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The next step in #nanotechnology -http://ow.ly/IxnG30dVS3m 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 31






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Getting Ready for the Ride - What you need to know to score big this Holiday Season - http://ow.ly/z5Nz30e2L91 pic.twitter.com/cNWrfXbddT
















0 replies




1 retweet




0 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How stores will use #facialrecognition technology to see if customers are happy -http://ow.ly/rbHf30dXJsq 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Tough times for #twitterhttps://www.recode.net/2017/7/27/16049084/twitter-jack-dorsey-q2-earnings-2017 …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







See why the #tech industry can't stop talking about #2021 -http://ow.ly/UJPk30dXs69 









0 replies




2 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 28






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Nothing to fear about #AI - Software Engineer gives opinion -http://ow.ly/3eMy30dVRT0 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 27






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Top ways to have safer #AI -http://ow.ly/mjSd30dVR4t 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 27






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Are we in the fourth industrial revolution? -http://ow.ly/q3O630dVQAx 









0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 27






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







How #chatbots are being used in the hiring process -http://ow.ly/6oPR30dVQ15 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Best ways to rank on the first page of Google -http://ow.ly/phAt30dUgNc 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Is #blockchain the cure to poverty? -http://ow.ly/PLtz30dTJ6k 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













PFSweb Inc.‏ @PFSweb

Jul 26






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







DNA testing? There's an app for that -http://ow.ly/eAka30dRLOR 









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @PFSweb hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user































PFSweb Inc - NASDAQ:PFSW - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet




























 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street










































 

















PFSweb Inc (PFSW)
Follow




                                    7.66
                                

0.01
0.13




                        NASDAQ : Services
                    

Aug 3, 2017 11:18 AM EDT












Prev Close
  7.65


Open
7.66


Day Low/High

                                    7.59 /
                                    7.79


52 Wk Low/High

                                    9.03 /
                                    16.54
                                


Volume
8.64K


Avg Volume 
84.80K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
18.83M


Market Cap
144.42M


EPS
-0.40


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News














PFSweb Sets Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call For Monday, August 7, 2017 At 5:00 P.m. ET






PFSweb Announces Results Of 2017 Annual Meeting Of Stockholders













PFSweb To Present At Upcoming 2017 Investor Conferences


May 12, 2017 8:31 AM EDT









PFSweb Reports First Quarter 2017 Results


May 10, 2017 4:05 PM EDT













PFSweb is Now Oversold (PFSW)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Oct 14, 2016 12:08 PM EDT













PFSweb To Present At Upcoming Investor Conferences


Sep 6, 2016 8:31 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  AGI, BCRH, BVN, CASS, CORR, MBLY, SBS
    
Downgrades:  AMCX, CMCT, IVZ, KFY, NRF, PFSW, WERN
    
Initiations:  None
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Jun 30, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













PFSweb is Now Oversold (PFSW)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Jun 9, 2016 4:27 PM EDT













First Week of PFSW December 16th Options Trading
Investors in PFSweb Inc saw new options become available this week, for the December 16th expiration. One of the key inputs that goes into the price an option buyer is willing to pay, is the time value, so with 234 days until expiration the newly available contracts represent a possible opportunity for sellers of puts or calls to achieve a higher premium than would be available for the contracts with a closer expiration.

Apr 26, 2016 10:36 AM EDT













PFSweb (PFSW) Is Strong On High Volume Today
Trade-Ideas LLC identified PFSweb (PFSW) as a strong on high relative volume candidate

Jan 22, 2016 10:03 AM EST













PFSWeb (PFSW) Stock Gets ‘Buy’ Rating at Canaccord Genuity
Canaccord Genuity began coverage of PFSWeb (PFSW) stock with a ‘buy’ rating and $16 price target on Thursday morning.

Jan 21, 2016 4:09 PM EST













Commit To Buy PFSweb At $12.50, Earn 9.4% Annualized Using Options
Investors considering a purchase of PFSweb Inc shares, but cautious about paying the going market price of $13.78/share, might benefit from considering selling puts among the alternative strategies at their disposal. One interesting put contract in particular, is the June 2016 put at the $12.50 strike, which has a bid at the time of this writing of 70 cents.

Nov 13, 2015 11:39 AM EST













Insider Trading Alert - MEET, PFSW And STFC Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include MEET, PFSW and STFC

Aug 17, 2015 2:30 PM EDT













Short Interest In PFSweb Surges 162.8%
The most recent short interest data has been released by the NASDAQ for the 07/15/2015 settlement date, which shows a 320,173 share increase in total short interest for PFSweb Inc , to 516,895, an increase of 162.75% since 06/30/2015. Total short interest is just one way to look at short data; another metric that we here at Dividend Channel find particularly useful is the "days to cover" metric because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares traded.

Jul 28, 2015 5:02 PM EDT













Oversold Conditions For PFSweb (PFSW)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Jul 9, 2015 12:22 PM EDT













Oversold Conditions For PFSweb (PFSW)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Feb 13, 2015 12:03 PM EST













EBay May Finally Have a Serious Rival if Speed Commerce, PFSweb Merge
Engine Capital says together the companies could rival eBay enterprise unit.

Dec 30, 2014 11:47 AM EST













Oversold Conditions For PFSweb (PFSW)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Dec 18, 2014 12:00 PM EST













PFSweb Becomes Oversold (PFSW)
Legendary investor Warren Buffett advises to be fearful when others are greedy, and be greedy when others are fearful. One way we can try to measure the level of fear in a given stock is through a technical analysis indicator called the Relative Strength Index, or RSI, which measures momentum on a scale of zero to 100.

Apr 15, 2014 4:51 PM EDT













PFSweb Inc. Stock Upgraded (PFSW)
PFSweb (Nasdaq:PFSW) has been upgraded by TheStreet Ratings from a sell to hold.

Sep 2, 2013 11:30 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today 

    

Upgrades: AAWW, AXAS, BELFB, ESTE, PFSW 
 
Downgrades: DPZ, FU, LTXC, PCTI 

Initiations: None

Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:



Aug 30, 2013 1:15 PM EDT













PFSweb Reports Second Quarter 2013 Results
PFSweb, Inc. (Nasdaq: PFSW), an international provider of 
      end-to-end eCommerce solutions, today announced its financial results 
      for the quarter ended June 30, 2013.

Aug 13, 2013 8:00 AM EDT













PFSweb To Report Second Quarter 2013 Results On August 13, 2013
PFSweb, Inc. (Nasdaq: PFSW), an international provider of 
      end-to-end eCommerce solutions, today announced plans to release its 
      financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2013, before the 
      market opens on...

Aug 6, 2013 8:00 AM EDT













PFSweb Announces Results Of 2013 Annual Meeting Of Stockholders
PFSweb, Inc. (Nasdaq: PFSW), an international provider of 
      end-to-end eCommerce solutions, today announced that all corporate 
      proposals were approved at the Company’s 2013 Annual Meeting of 
      Stockholders held on...

Jul 16, 2013 4:01 PM EDT













PFSweb Extends ICommerce With Product Content Management (PCM) Powered By Riversand
PFSweb, Inc. (Nasdaq: PFSW), an international provider of 
      end-to-end eCommerce solutions, today announced that it has signed an 
      agreement with 
Riversand 
      Technologies, Inc.

Jul 16, 2013 8:00 AM EDT













PFSweb Adjourns Annual Meeting Until Tuesday, July 16th
PFSweb, Inc. (Nasdaq: PFSW), an international provider of 
      end-to-end eCommerce solutions, today announced that its 2013 Annual 
      Meeting of Stockholders has been adjourned without conducting any 
      business and will be...

Jul 3, 2013 4:25 PM EDT













PFSweb To Co-Host ECommerce Seminar Series For Business Leaders In Japan And China
PFSweb, Inc. (Nasdaq: PFSW), an international provider of 
      end-to-end eCommerce solutions, and transcosmos inc.

Jul 1, 2013 8:00 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Coming on 5/17/2013
Upgrades: AIR, CHRM, CMFO, FRBK, HGSH, JVA, MCRI, MCS, OZM, SCSC
Downgrades:  PFSW, SAPE, SRT
Initiations: None


May 17, 2013 1:56 PM EDT













PFSweb Inc. Stock Downgraded (PFSW)
PFSweb (Nasdaq:PFSW) has been downgraded by TheStreet Ratings from from a hold to sell.

May 17, 2013 5:00 AM EDT













PFSweb Reports Fourth Quarter And Year-End 2012 Results
PFSweb, Inc. (Nasdaq: PFSW), an international provider of 
      end-to-end eCommerce solutions, today announced its financial results 
      for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2012.

Mar 27, 2013 7:56 AM EDT












Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 11:18 AM EDT 8/3/2017


D+
(Sell)






Get the (PFSW) Report Here 







From Our Partners



PFSweb (PFSW) Presents At Needham Emerging Technology Conference - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



PFSWeb's Q1 Supports The Bull Case Below $8

SeekingAlpha



PFSweb EPS of -$0.26

SeekingAlpha



PFSweb Offers An Opportunity After An Overdone Sell-Off

SeekingAlpha



PFSweb revenues to be impacted by transition, says Canaccord

The Fly



PFSweb EPS of -$0.19

SeekingAlpha



PFSweb price target lowered to $14 from $17 at Canaccord

The Fly



PFSweb EPS of -$0.06

SeekingAlpha



PFSweb reports preliminary Q3 results

SeekingAlpha



PFSweb initiated with an Outperform at Cowen

The Fly



PFSweb beats by $0.05, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings after Monday’s close

SeekingAlpha



PFSweb initiated with an Outperform at Northland

The Fly



PFSweb initiated with a Buy at Wunderlich

The Fly



PFSweb results show solid growth, says Canaccord

The Fly




















TheStreet
Quant Rating:

D+ (Sell)



Get the (PFSW) Report Here 










 








Trending


Tim Cook on Trump's Claim that Apple Is Building 3 U.S. Factories: 'There's More We Can Do'


It Has Gotten So Sad for Costco and Sam's Club They Are Discounting Stuff on Groupon


Tesla Employees Won't Talk to You About the Model 3 in Stores but They May Try to Sell You Solar


Apple's iPhone Might Be Irrelevant to How You Order Pizza in the Future: Domino's CEO


Here's How Much Money Warren Buffett Has Made on Apple Stock in 2017 Alone











Advertising Partners
 
 
 
 













 












 


































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers
 
 
 
 
 
 














PFSweb, Inc. | Company Spotlight Profile











Warning! This site has features that require JavaScript.












watch









        PFSweb, Inc.
        


Sector: 


            Computer Related Services Not Elsewhere Classified
          
Region: 

TX, United States


 
  : 

|
Nasdaq: PFSW


  



Listed in: 
Information Technology




          PFSweb (NASDAQ: PFSW) is a global commerce service provider of solutions including digital strategy consulting, digital agency and marketing services, technology development services, business process outsourcing services and a complete omni-channel technology ecosystem. The company provides these solutions and services to major brand names and other companies seeking to optimize every customer experience and enhance their traditional and online business channels. PFSweb supports organizations across various industries, including Procter & Gamble, L'Oreal, LEGO, Columbia Sportswear, ASICS, Roots Canada Ltd., PANDORA, Diageo, BCBGMAXAZRIA, ROKA Sports, T.J. Maxx, the United States Mint, and many more. PFSweb is headquartered in Allen, TX with additional locations in Tennessee, Mississippi, Minnesota, Washington, New York, Ohio, North Carolina, Canada, Belgium, London, Munich and India. For more information, please visit www.pfsweb.com or download the free PFSweb IR App on your iPhone, iPad or Android device.
        


♣ Request Investor Kit

 View Contact Details







 Investor Calendar


Asia/Taipei

More options...



        time zone
        



watch






 Aug  8, 2017
            5:00 am
        
        |
        Q2 Earnings Call


Reminder







 May 11, 2017
            5:00 am
        
        |
        Q1 Earnings Call






 Mar 16, 2017
           11:00 pm
        
        |
        Q4 Earnings Call






 Latest Media



We're sorry! Media can only be viewed in browsers that have JavaScript enabled.


 Warning! Third-party cookies must be enabled to view SlideShare presentations.
      ×

 Having trouble?
Investor Presentation





Investor Presentation





 Executives




          Michael Willoughby,
          Chief Executive Officer
Mike Willoughby serves as the Chief Executive Officer of PFSweb, Inc. Prior to his promotion to CEO, Mike served PFSweb as the company's President and Chief Information Officer. Mike has been instrumental in the acquisition, development, integration and support of PFSweb's world-class technologies and he continues to have a key role in the architecture of the company's solution and service offerings. Mike is leading the company's effort to bring PFSweb's iCommerce, or omni-channel solutions, to market as he also led the effort to conceptualize and bring to market PFSweb's End2End eCommerce® Solution in 2008. In his prior role as President, Mike worked to re-engineer the company's business development area to leverage a highly team-oriented business development model to substantially improve the predictability, scalability and sustainability of the company's sales and marketing efforts and he continues to be actively involved in the company's business development efforts today.

In addition to his executive leadership experience at PFSweb, Mike founded and served as President and CEO of Design Technologies Inc., and he founded and served as President and CEO of Integration Services, Inc.

Mike is a very active member of the community, serving as a leader in his church and participating in several boards and councils including the CEO Forum, an organization composed of several hundred Christian presidents and CEOs from large corporations all over the world - its members include senior executives from Walmart, Proctor & Gamble and ExxonMobil. Mike also serves on the Dean's Advisory Council for the College of Business Administration at Abilene Christian University and the Visiting Committee for the ACU iSchool. Mike is a featured guest speaker for the ACU College of Business and has taught a senior-level Digital Marketing Class featuring PFSweb's digital marketing capabilities, subject matter experts and a PFSweb client case study. Mike is an active teacher and writer contributing frequently to the PFSweb blog, Perspectives and also publishes Intersections, a blog on the topic of faith-based service in the workplace, church, home and community.

Mike is a native Texan and has been a resident of the Dallas area since 1987. He is a graduate of Abilene Christian University where he received a Bachelor of Business Administration in 1986. Mike received the Distinguished Alumni Citation from ACU in 2011.
        

          Thomas J. Madden,
          Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer
Tom J. Madden has served the roles of Chief Accounting Officer and Chief Financial Officer for PFSweb since its inception. He previously worked as Chief Financial Officer of Daisytek from 1997 to 2000; acted as Vice President of Finance, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer of Daisytek from 1994 to 1997 and as Controller of Daisytek from 1992 to 1994. Prior to joining Daisytek, Mr. Madden served as a financial consultant and audit manager with Arthur Andersen & Co. for 9 years.

Tom received his Bachelor of Science in Accountancy degree from The University of Illinois.
        

          Travis Hess,
          Executive Vice President of Sales
Travis joined PFSweb in 2015 as Executive Vice President of Sales and is currently responsible for the direction and management of all global sales, strategic alliances, and channel partners. He works closely with our internal sales organization and cross functional leadership as well as our technology and channel partners’ sales teams to drive new business revenue for PFSweb.

Travis has spent almost twenty years managing and selling complex solutions within the eCommerce ecosystem including consulting, digital agency, software, marketing services, and BPO. Prior to joining PFSweb, Travis was most recently Head of Sales for Loop Commerce, a Silicon Valley based SaaS gifting startup backed by PayPal and numerous executives within the retail and eCommerce ecosystem. Previously he was EVP of Sales and Corporate Development at Amplifi Commerce, a Dallas based eCommerce consultancy and interactive agency. Under his sales leadership, the company experienced an increase of 400% revenue growth in three years and was ranked second worldwide in influence revenue for Oracle Commerce. Previously, Travis held business development leadership roles at marketing services provider Archway Marketing and publically traded BPO firm InnerWorkings as well as founding and running his own digital agency, OnePoint.
        

          Cindy Almond,
          Chief Client Officer
Cindy Almond is Chief Client Officer at PFSweb, Inc. As CCO, Cindy is responsible for developing and implementing a comprehensive view of our clients in order to ensure their needs are met daily. This includes leading the development of client engagement processes, implementation of global enterprise solutions, product management, and marketing. From 2002 to 2009 Cindy led global client services and North American call center operations at PFSweb. In 2011, she was named Executive Vice President and expanded her leadership to include sales and marketing.

Cindy graduated from the University of Kansas in 1990 and joined Daisytek International where she held various posts in their marketing and product management organizations and she also acted as director of the largest branch of Daisytek sales. In 1999, Cindy transferred from Daisytek International to PFSweb as Director of Client Services where she developed quality-service initiatives, account profitability, and standardization of practices throughout the PFSweb client services organization.

Cindy is active in City House, a Texas-based charity which provides emergency shelter and transitional residential services to children and young adults who are in need due to abuse, neglect, or homelessness. Additionally, Cindy leads multiple fund-raising initiatives at PFSweb including employee contributions to City House.
        





 News & Analysis
















 Corporate Documents


Investor Presentation




 Related Links


Blog
Press Releases
Solutions
Community Involvement
Our Clients
Newsletter
Events
About










×
Contact Investor Relations



PFSweb, Inc.
Investor Relations
         505 Millennium Drive
         Allen , TX 75013
         United States
Phone:972.881.2900

SIC Code:
7379



Close




×
Request Investor Kit









Select your country:


Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, St. Eust., Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brit. Indian Ocean Terr.
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo (Dem. Rep. of the)
Congo (Rep. of)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Terr.
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
La Reunion
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marianas
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre & Miquelon
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Marten
Slovakia
Slovenia
So Georgia & So Sand Isl
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Vincent & Grenadines
St. Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Isl.
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe





E-mail:


required field!



First Name:


required field!



Last Name:


required field!




Street 1:


required field!



Street 2:





City:


required field!



State/Province:


-
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


required field!



Postal Code:


required field!






 I consent to receiving periodic email communications from PFSweb, Inc.. 
            

 I'd like to receive more information from PrecisionIR.
            







Watch

Watch this company to be notified of upcoming earnings calls and new content with a weekly digest sent to your email.
            
 Watch content
            




Go!
Cancel






Company Spotlight is available free to investors through the financial support of participating companies. In return for receiving this free information, your contact data are made available to the companies whose reports you have ordered, and to other parties as described in our privacy policy, which you can read in its entirety here. In addition, you agree to be contacted by these companies from time to time. You may select at any time to opt out of these communications by using the unsubscribe link in your email(s) or by sending an email to nacustomerservice@precisionir.com.



×
 Enter your email address to watch this company.




E-mail (required):


required field!



First Name:





Last Name:












    Signup 




×
  Enter your email address and notification preferences.




A reminder has been added for this event.



    Add to Calendar
  


Add to Google Calendar


Add to Live Calendar


Add to Yahoo! Calendar


Add to iCalender


Add to Outlook Calendar







Or





Send me a reminder




Weeks

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52



Days

0
1
2
3
4
5
6



Hours

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23



Minutes

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59





before the event.

Please enter a valid email to watch!

First Name

Last Name








    Signup 












			PFSWeb - Supply Chain Management
			-
			PFSWeb Inc.
			-
			United States Of America
		





























 




















BUSINESS  
KNOWLEDGE  
Market Intelligence
News
Articles


TRADE FAIRS & EVENT  
RECRUITMENT  
MEMBERSHIP PLANS



 JOIN FREE 
 SIGN IN 



















Get A Quote


Please fill in your details to download the Table of Contents of this report for free. We also do customization of these reports so you can write to us at mi@fibre2fashion.com  in case you need any other additional information.




                                    Name *




                                    Company Name *






                                    Email *




                                    Country *


Select Country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azarbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia&Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkino Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Congo
Costa Rica
Cote d Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Sahara
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Surinam
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikstan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
UAE
UK
USA
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican city
Venezuela
Vietnam
West Indies
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe






                                    State *

Select State

Andaman and Nicobar Islands
Andhra Pradesh
Assam
Chandigarh
Dadra and Nagar Haveli
Delhi
Gujarat
Haryana
Himachal Pradesh
Jammu and Kashmir
Kerala
Lakshadweep
Maharashtra
Manipur
Meghalaya
Karnataka
Nagaland
Orissa
Pondicherry
Punjab
Rajasthan
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Tripura
West Bengal
Sikkim
Arunachal Pradesh
Mizoram
Daman and Diu
Goa
Bihar
Madhya Pradesh
Uttar Pradesh
Chhattisgarh
Jharkhand
Uttarakhand




                                    City *








                                            Isdcode *





                                        Areacode





                                            Phone * 







slide to unlock
 





 100% Privacy - we will never spam you!



                                    Comments *











                                    SUBMIT


















                                        Thank you.

                                        We will shortly contact you.



















PFSWeb Inc.








About Company


							Products

Contact us
























																 PFSWeb - Supply Chain Management
															







													About the Product
												

													PFSweb solutions are based on direct experience in your marketplace. They support manufacturers with supply chain initiatives that cover the globe as well as the channel spectrum, including B2B, dealer channels, mass merchants, and B2C models.
													







														Product Description
													

														As the lifeline between your company and your customers, your supply chain should enhance your profitability as well as your supplier and customer relationships. Your business depends on it.

At PFSweb, your supply chain is their business. They can tailor a comprehensive supply chain management program that provides your company with flexible and best-in-class services, improves available to promise, expands transportation visibility, reduces overall transportation cost, and enables supply chain optimization.

Combining their proprietary software, supporting services, hardware, and appropriate third-party products, PFSweb's team of experts will tailor your custom-fit supply chain solution. Their proactive supply chain management services can include:

Materials Planning
Procurement
Extended Supply Chain Visibility
Supplier Relationship Management
Time-Definite Delivery
Document Creation and Management
Customs Brokerage
Systems Collaboration
Daily Program Coordination and Management

PFSweb provides the supply chain tools and implement the strategies and processes that deliver for many industry-leading companies whose supply chains are time-sensitive, cost-susceptible, and critical to survival.

Key Features

Data-Rich Shipment Detail
Visibility to Product Inventory (from the contract manufacturer, in transit to warehouse, and in the warehouse)
SKU Management through Kitting and Assembly
Real-Time Supplier Delivery Coordination
Event Notification and Alerts
Rules-Based Load Optimization, Carrier Selection, and Tendering

Key Benefits

Reduced Inventory Carry Costs
Improved Delivery Coordination
Improved Product Delivery Scheduling
Product Available at Promised Date
Supply Chain Compression and Optimization
Enhanced Customer Experience






														Inquire Now
													





Contact Person : 






Company : 






Email : 






Country : 


Select country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azarbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia&Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkino Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Congo
Costa Rica
Cote d Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Greece
Grenada
Guatemala
Guinea
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Sahara
Samoa
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Surinam
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikstan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
UAE
UK
USA
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican city
Venezuela
Vietnam
West Indies
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe





Phone : 





(Country Code)(Area Code)(Phone)



Subject : 






Comments : 






Insert Text Shown in Right Side : 

  






































Product Showcase | 
                                Company Showcase | Software
                                    Requirements | 
                                        News | Events
                        | Articles
                        | Case Studies
                        | White Papers | Post Product


















F2F NEWSLETTER

                Subscribe today and get the latest information on Textiles, Fashion, Apparel.







































ABOUT FIBRE2FASHION
About Us
Press Releases
Partner with us
Careers
Contact Us
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap





                        MEMBERSHIP PLAN
Premium Membership
Corporate Membership
Market Watch Report
Recruitment Solutions
Fibre2Fashion Magazine
Advertisement solutions
eCAAS (e-Commerce As A Service)







                        OTHER QUICK LINKS
Register as a free member
Search Trade Fairs
Post a job opening

                        Post a buying/selling offer
Download
                        Market Watch Report
Download Media Kit
Download Jobs App
Download News App
Technical Textiles






                        FOR F2F CUSTOMERS

Feedback & Suggestions



                        Supported Payment Gateways




















            Copyright ©
            2017. All rights reserved by Fibre2Fashion Pvt. Ltd.
        










