


Intel | Data Center Solutions, IOT, and PC Innovation






























































Sign In







Field input is required



Field input is required

By signing in, you agree to our Terms of Service.






Remember me





                    Forgot your Intel
                    username
                    or
                    password?
                
Do you work for Intel? Sign in here.















The browser version you are using is not recommended for this site.Please consider upgrading to the latest version of your browser by clicking one of the following links.


Safari
Chrome
IE
Firefox


































Introducing the Movidius™ Neural Compute Stick
Run your deep learning applications with the ultra-low power Neural Compute Stick from Movidius™. This USB toolkit compiles, tunes, and accelerates neural networks at the edge.
Learn more



















Support





Product Specs





See Products





Processor Comparison






Download Center





























The World is Watching
Get the speed and flexibility to play, record, and stream without compromise. Power your rig with the Intel® Core™ i7 processor—and give your friends and followers the show they deserve.
Power up your rig






























Breakthrough Performance
Intel® Xeon® Scalable processors deliver powerful, scalable performance for the most demanding enterprise data centers and communications networks—from the smallest workloads to the most mission-critical applications.
Unleash the power






























Welcome to the Future of the Olympic Games

Learn more






























Mega-task to the Extreme
Whether creating your best work or live streaming your gameplay, an Intel® Core™ X-Series processor can handle your most demanding workloads and tasks.
Unlock the power today






























We Know the Future Because We’re Building It
From artificial intelligence to advances in cloud computing, Intel powers technology that will transform your business.
Discover amazing opportunities






























Drones Go to Work
Intel's advances in industrial UAVs are set to change the way the world uses and thinks about drones.
Take flight






























Accelerate Your Experience
Introducing Intel® Optane™ memory—innovative new technology that delivers breakthrough speed and uncompromised storage capacity.
Learn more






























Swiss Made. Engineered with Intel.
The new TAG Heuer* Connected Modular 45 keeps you completely in sync without sacrificing style.
See what a watch can do






























Unleash Core Performance
7th Generation Intel® Core™ vPro™ processors deliver serious computing power and security to lighten the heaviest of business workloads.
Exceed expectations






























The Future of Transportation

Learn more






























Evolving the Internet of Things
We’re improving the way businesses connect with technology and technologies connect with each other.
See how














Which New Experience Will Be Yours?
















2 in 1s













All-in-Ones













Laptops













Tablets













Desktops













































Adobe: Creative, marketing and document management solutions
















































Make it. Creative Cloud.

Go wild with the world's best creative apps for photography, design, video, websites, and more.



Individuals


Business



            We have Creative Cloud plans for everyone, starting at $9.99/mo.
        






    
    Exhale your fear by Mario Olvera


Made with


Creative Cloud
        






Special offers for:


            Students
        



            Photographers
        



            Business
        



            Adobe Stock
        











Make experience your business.
Deliver amazing customer experiences with an integrated set of solutions to build campaigns, manage advertising, and gain data insights.


Learn about Experience Cloud






Adobe stands alone as the Leader in Digital Intelligence Platforms.


            Learn more ›
        










 
"The best Acrobat yet."

- PC Magazine
Convert, sign, and send documents on any device with the world's best PDF solution. 



Buy now



            Free trial
        












































































Business - Panasonic Global
























Search keyword












Main menu








































Business



  Realizing "A Better Life, A Better World" through Housing, Automotive, and B2B Solutions, with Consumer Electronics at the Core














Play Movie


















Products & Solutions










                                Communication Solutions



                                Security Systems



                                Personal Computer



                                Professional AV



                                Document & Imaging Solutions



                                Optical Disc Archive Solution



                                Recording Media



                                Video Intercom



                                Air Conditioning



                                Ventilation, Air Purification, etc.












                                Photovoltaic



                                Lighting



                                Wiring Devices



                                Factory Flexible wiring System



                                Housing Equipment Devices



                                Power Supply Solutions



                                Industrial Devices & Solutions



                                Automation Controls



                                Targeting ITS by Panasonic



                                Healthcare

























Major Exhibitions



























                                Find out  about other major exhibitions













































































Panasonic Global
























Search keyword












Main menu






















































A ray of light in the darkness of Komodo



This is a story about a new Panasonic employee, who accompanied the team committed to delivering light to villages without access to electricity and discovered "A Better World."


LEARN MORE





































Panasonic Environment Vision 2050



Panasonic will create more and make better use of energy than it uses.



See more
























For a Hydrogen Energy Society



Panasonic's approaches to achieve a hydrogen society where hydrogen can be produced, stored, and utilized in our homes.



See more
























Your Life in 2020



An enriched, custom-tailored lifestyle that caters to your familyâ€™s needs, from Panasonic.



See more





































Business Initiatives



Following are the business initiatives in which Panasonic is engaging.




































































>  See more

































































>  See more




















Latest News









Panasonic Newsroom Global




















There are no announcements at this time.

























Konosuke Matsushita - Words of Wisdom











Words of knowledge and insight spoken by Konosuke Matsushita, founder of Panasonic Corporation, are presented each week.





1. An Enriched Mind







































Global Network















Europe & CIS












North America










China & North Asia












Middle East & Africa












Latin America










Asia & Oceania





















































Banner Technology Corp. 昌鑫科技股份有限公司



























 

          
          English
          
            ．


          繁體中文
          








 

 

 

 

 


















 
 
 













維修 












ENI 





AE 





AMAT 





TRAZAR 





NOVELLOUS 





Mattson 





Lam 





ASM 





Kyosan 





ASTECH 











 





















維修







 



Home > Product
                
                > 維修




















AE NAVIGATOR

















AMU10D-4

















ASTECH

















Trazar  SRN1-2





















G5 MESA SOURCE

















DPS+Source

















12" DPS II Source

















TRAZAR AMU10D-4






















TRAZAR  AMU10D-1,2

















MATTSON

















Lam DSQ

















Lam TCP






















Lam 9400

















Lam 4728

















ASM Controller








1

2

3














 



    
    Banner Technology  Corp. 昌鑫科技股份有限公司　　新竹縣新豐鄉康泰路242-2號2樓　　電話：03-5597-103　　傳真：03-5574-720
    
    
    Copyright ⓒ 2014 Banner Technology  Corp. All Rights Reserved.










Construction Specialties | CS





























































800.233.8493
Español
Contact: CS or Sales Rep


Literature & Samples
Payments  
Login



Your Cart






Your Account

View Account Details
View Orders
View Quotes
Log out



Payment Options

Online Payments
Credit Agreement (PDF)
Project Information Sheet (PDF)




 






Home
Products

Acrovyn® Wall Protection
Acrovyn® Doors & Frames
Cubicle Curtains & Track
Entrance Flooring Systems
Architectural Louvers
Expansion Joint Covers
Grilles & Vision Barriers
Sun Controls
Specialty Venting


Project Showcase
Buy Now / Track

Sales Rep Locations
Buy Now Overview
Buy Now Products
Online Store FAQs
Fast Track


News & Media

News Articles
Literature & Samples
Media Room
Project Showcase


Careers
About Us

Corporate Info
Careers
C/S Companies
Environmental Position
Contact Us


s







 




© 2017 Construction Specialties, Inc.


Home
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Chemicals Policy









 

Your Cart




















Local Contact




C/S Asia Contact - All Products
 Ms. PingPing Grant (管平平) 
EmailAsiaSales@c-sgroup.com
Phone+1-908-849-7789
Fax+1-908-849-7788
Address3 Werner Way
 Lebanon, NJ 08833 USA



 

















x

CS Expansion Joint Cover
                      Certified Installer Workshop
                      
September 26 - 28, 2017
Register Now




Certified Installer Workshop



 


 




 




 




































Our Products



        Acrovyn® Doors & Frames
      




        Acrovyn® Wall Protection
      




        Cubicle Curtains & Track
      




        Entrance Flooring
      




        Expansion Joint Covers
      




        Grilles & Vision Barriers
      




        Architectural Louvers
      




        Specialty Venting
      




        Sun Controls
      



Featured Project
Lehigh Valley Health NetworkFeature This Project on the Homepage: YesOrder: -10
During its recent renovations, the Lehigh Valley Health Network (LVHN) sought reliable wall protection that was both durable and interesting to children in its pediatric departments at three of the network's major locations. Bernadorn Haber Holloway Architects and MKSD Architects used Acrovyn by Design® to create soothing yet exciting murals of marine life and safari scenes in over 20 areas across the network.



Download the full case study, here (PDF)


View the video case study here
Project Showcase Entrance Image: Showcase Header: Showcase Menu Images: View the project showcase




Sustainability


C/S & The Environment
Our sustainability commitment is to create products that will contribute to lowering the environmental impact of the buildings & conduct business in a manner that endeavors to have no negative impact on our environment.
Learn More


See what we’re doing to reduce our impact on the environment.

View our practices video
See our sustainability timeline
Read our chemicals policy (PDF)
View the environmental policy (PDF)
View our transparency website




News
National Pattern Contest Seeks Designers’ Best Ideas June 5, 2017Construction Specialties, will launch a nationwide design contest at NeoCon, one of the most recognized and attended trade shows in commercial design. The Acrovyn by Design Patterns Contest challenges designers to create a wall protection pattern. The winning pattern will be included in the 2018 Acrovyn by Design Patterns Collection. The winning designer will also receive a $5,000 cash prize.Read the full article here.
Wall Protection Portfolio Expansion Puts Design in FrontApril 3, 2017Muncy, PA, April 3, 2017 -- Construction Specialties, Inc. (CS), a leading manufacturer of specialty building products, is demonstrating its design savvy with the introduction of 13 new Acrovyn by Design® decorative patterns in a variety of colorways and 6 new Chameleon™ simulated woodgrain patterns. The sophisticated new collection, specially created with and for designers, coordinates well with standard Acrovyn® colors to significantly increase the aesthetic options available within the Acrovyn Wall Protection portfolio.Read the full article here.
Construction Specialties Recognized with International AwardDecember 22, 2016Acrovyn® Wall Panels Celebrated for Design Excellence Read the full article here.




 









 Close X 




Existing Customer Log In






New Customer Registration
 To create a new account, click the Register button below. With this account you will be able to place orders, save quotes, check the status of existing orders and much more.
Register 



          Online purchasing is limited to orders less than $8000. If your order exceeds that amount, you will be directed to a C/S Rep who will be happy to assist you.
        



  


 Close 




 





New Customer Registration
 Please fill out this short registration form to download files.
          Phone Number and Billing zip code are required to identify your C/S representative.
          If you have cookies enabled then the registration process will only be required once. 

 
  



Full Name*


Company*

Customer Number


Email Address*





Phone*


Billing Zip Code*

Password*



Confirm Password*



 Opt in for Newsletter

 Register 





 
 




C/S Products


Wall Protection Systems
Wall Coverings
Wall Panels
Doors & Frame Systems
Cubicle Curtains & Track
Entrance Flooring Systems
Expansion Joint Covers
Architectural Louvers
Grilles
Sun Controls
Specialty Venting






Our Brands


Acrovyn® Doors
Acrovyn by Design®
Chameleon™
Renaissance™
Saratoga®
Qwik Switch™
Pedisystems®
Pedimat®
PediTred®
Pedigrid®
GridLine®
Floorometry®
Floormations®
Restofit™
Explovent®






Resources


Buy Now
Sales Rep Locations
Fast Track
Project Showcase
Product Literature
Samples Request
News & Media






About C/S


Company History
C/S Companies
Environmental Position
Careers
Contact C/S
Contact Sales Rep
Our Patents











Choose your country
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Anguilla
Antigua
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Barbuda
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Caymen Islands
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curaao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
England
Equatorial Guinea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guyana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Granada
Greece
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guiana
Guinea
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgystan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saipan
Saudi Arabia
Scandinavia
Scotland
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Barts
St. Croix
St. Kitts & Nevis
St. Lucia
St. Maarten
St. Thomas
St. Vincent
Suriname
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Thailand
Togo
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wales
Wallis & Futuna
Yemen
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe


This country uses the current site.
 






Check out C/S on LinkedIn
Follow @CSIncOnline on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
Join our eNews mailing list
 



 



 




CSS Corp | Outsourced Product Development Services


















































































Reduce Development Costs by 40% and Improve Time-to-Market by 50%  







Building adaptable and innovative products is imperative in today’s fast transforming market place. To deliver faster, better and smarter product than the competition, you need a partner equipped with cutting edge technology and years of experience. CSS Corp can take this weight off your shoulders by innovating, developing and strategizing your production options at the speed of light. 



CSS Corp’s talent pool includes Internationally Certified Programmers, Consultants and Project managers. We have helped several large and small ISVs and product companies with conceptualizing products, building prototypes and products, Migrating products to newer and sophisticated technologies and delivering them on time in cloud and mobile platforms. We engage with you across the entire product lifecycle from research to product support. Our excellent communication infrastructure and processes ensure higher transparency and performance.
Key services include:
Product engineering: Our product engineering services cover from architecture to release and partial or full product life cycle development based on your requirements and unique needs
Product validation: Our independent test and validation teams assure you of product quality. They cover right from unit and modular testing to performance and integrated functionality testing
Re-engineering: Our product re-engineering services ensure smooth migration of your products from old technology to new technology platforms. We also work with you on internationalization, IP harvesting and repackaging of your product
Deployment acceleration: Our product enhancement services support product improvements and additional features based on market/user demands. We also work with you to port your product to web technology, cloud and provide mobile enablement for smart devices










Our Solutions					














Product Testing
Reduce your product defects by 5% and increase your margins by 125%









Performance Engineering
Increase your application throughput to 100% with CSS Corp’s Performance Engineering. 







































CSS Corp | Global Leaders in IT Services & Tech Support Solutions
















































































Humanize Customer Interactions withYODAA
CSS Corp's AI Powered Virtual Assistant Platform 
Find out more






How to Transform your Support Center into a Profit Center
Realize the hidden potential of your customer support function to transform into a growth catalyst

Download PoV






Looking for Enterprise Tech Support?

Talk to us






Demystifying the Digital Workplace
The Digital Workplace enables new, more effective ways of working; raises employee engagement and agility; and exploits consumer-oriented styles and technologies. 
Download PoV







Recognition & awards


"COOL VENDOR"
IN IT SERVICE MANAGEMENT 2.0



"LEADER"
FOR CLOUD INFRA MIGRATION AND MANAGEMENT




 
Find out more







Recognition & awards
CSS CORP HAS BEEN RECOGNIZED IN FORRESTER’S VENDOR LANDSCAPE








	> CLOUD MIGRATION 
	> CUSTOMER ANALYTICS 
	> GLOBAL MANAGED SECURITY 
	> CONTINUOUS TESTING SERVICES FOR AGILE AND DEVOPS ENVIRONMENTS







 
Find out more






CSS Corp wins NASSCOM’s Digital Skills Award for 2017

Find out more







Previous



Next












Humanize Customer Interactions withYODAA
CSS Corp's AI Powered Virtual Assistant Platform 
Find out more






How to Transform your Support Center into a Profit Center
Realize the hidden potential of your customer support function to transform into a growth catalyst

Download PoV






Looking for Enterprise Tech Support?

Talk to us






Demystifying the Digital Workplace
The Digital Workplace enables new, more effective ways of working; raises employee engagement and agility; and exploits consumer-oriented styles and technologies. 
Download PoV







Recognition & awards


"COOL VENDOR"
IN IT SERVICE MANAGEMENT 2.0



"LEADER"
FOR CLOUD INFRA MIGRATION AND MANAGEMENT




 
Find out more







Recognition & awards
CSS CORP HAS BEEN RECOGNIZED IN FORRESTER’S VENDOR LANDSCAPE








	> CLOUD MIGRATION 
	> CUSTOMER ANALYTICS 
	> GLOBAL MANAGED SECURITY 
	> CONTINUOUS TESTING SERVICES FOR AGILE AND DEVOPS ENVIRONMENTS







 
Find out more






CSS Corp wins NASSCOM’s Digital Skills Award for 2017

Find out more







Previous



Next








Creating Specialization
Creating Specialization

									Innovative solutions to enhance specialization and eliminate “Me too” via IPs, Automation, Machine learning and Analytics								








Operational Efficiency
Operational Efficiency

									Faster Time-to-Market, Outcome based Models that efficiently help transforming “Cost Center” to “Revenue Center”
								







Customer eXperience (CX)
Customer eXperience (CX)

									Next-gen IoT, Analytics & Cloud solutions driving CX & maximize business value of products & services
								







Revenue Creation
Revenue Creation

									Drive revenue opportunities via white-labeling, Premium Tech Support, As-a-Service Model, marketplace
								








						GET MORE EACH TIME 



					Numbers spell success better				








							30%							COST SAVINGS 




							7X							FASTER TIME TO MARKET




							100%							INCREASED REVENUE GENERATION




							3000+							CLOUD DEPLOYMENTS






COST SAVINGS
Achieve substantial and measurable cost improvements in an aggressive timeframe, without impacting business goals





FASTER TIME TO MARKET
Rapidly deploy products, campaigns and services with greater intelligence and accelerated ROI and get ahead of your competition





INCREASED REVENUE GENERATION
Increase revenues on a go-forward basis with our Insights driven Premium Technology Support (PTS)





CLOUD DEPLOYMENTS
Transforming public cloud infrastructure, platform and software solutions that meet the performance, security and scalability needs of the enterprises












30%


7X


100%


3000+





COST SAVINGS

Achieve substantial and measurable cost improvements in an aggressive timeframe, without impacting business goals




FASTER TIME TO MARKET

Rapidly deploy products, campaigns and services with greater intelligence and accelerated ROI and get ahead of your competition




INCREASED REVENUE GENERATION

Increase revenues on a go-forward basis with our Insights driven Premium Technology Support (PTS)




CLOUD DEPLOYMENTS

Transforming public cloud infrastructure, platform and software solutions that meet the performance, security and scalability needs of the enterprises










						RESOURCE  CENTRE 



					Superlative businesses are built on superlative CX				












BROCHURE
Unlocking the power of Customer eXperience. See how we do it
Read More










WHITE PAPER
50 Bn connected devices globally! We’ve cracked IoT support
Download Now








blogs
Busted – 5 disturbing trends and myths in digital testing
Read More











CASE STUDY
Read how 80% retail specific cyber-attacks were thwarted
Read More








INFOGRAPHICS
Soar into the cloud with 40% reduction in TCO
Read More








Point Of View
How to improve productivity of your support agents by 90%
Read More











						Success  	Stories 



					Happy customers for you. Happy customers for us				


















										I see CSS Corp as being a strong partner of ours. They have helped us with their customer support operations and are helping us create a go-to-market with some of the really important strategic moves that we're making in the Cloud, Social Media and Knowledge Management.									

										SVP, Global Services for a leading telecommunications equipment company									



										CSS Corp is helping us monitor the infrastructure in our stores, making sure that the equipment is working and satisfying the customer, by reducing help desk calls for problem areas and emergency dispatches. CSS Corp has added strategic value to our firm.									

										CIO of the IT organisation of a multi-billion-dollar company									



										CSS Corp has been able to deliver seamless experience from the first engagement from a customer’s perspective and from the process perspective. CSS Corp has been able to maintain the SLAs with superior quality									

										Sr Director of the Customer Success Organisation of a leading publicly held Internet telephony service provider.									



										CSS Corp are very good listeners and they put out a very good solution for our needs. CSS Corp has now stepped up as the front line for our management team									

										Global Director of leading provider of wireless broadband solutions									









							CSS Corp has been an excellent partner and has been delivering high quality of engagement
 over the years...							
						

							Director, Customer Care (Americas)							 
						

















							CSS Corp has helped us deliver superior customer experience for over 15 years...							
						

							SVP, CX-Support and Operations							 
						


















QUICK VIEW					



					The new-age customer engagement partner				











Awards & Mentions
Recognized as the leader in “Cloud Infrastructure Migration and Management” by Nelson Hall

See All




						Awards & Mentions					







Events
Deal Advisory Day – A day out with the world’s best Deal Advisors. March 2nd, 2017

See All




						Events					










Management Team
Global experts with leadership experience in Fortune 1000 companies

See all




						Management Team					







CSR
Recognized for “Excellence in Sustainability” by Occupational Safety and Health Association of India / Member of UNGC

See All




						CSR					







Partners
Specialized partnerships to give you unbelievably innovative solutions

See All




						Partners					






































Korean product list from CS corporation at buyKOREA











Go to Top
Go to content




buyKorea









Left menu



Home
Products







Contact Us

CS corporation
						
Address:
(14099)  
Phone:
07087581644
Fax:
031-344-1644
Representative name:
Gwang Soo Kim














CS corporation

Main Products









Steel, Injection mold, Engineering plastic part for automotive parts







PCB Printed Circuit Board







Steel bar Centerless Ground Bar Quenched  Tempered Bars Chrome Plated Bar 







Non Woven Fabric,Car floor mat, floor mat, Car mat







Second machine   CNC Machine   Heavy machine







Refrigeration ball valve Freeze valve Valve of WOG Check valve







Stamping mold  Stamping dies  Dies Press dies  Press mold







Stamping parts Pressing parts Press parts







Dynascreen Roll screen







3D printer







Forged parts Cold forging parts Fastener







Mask 




Company Information


Main Products






Company Name
CS corporation


Representative Person
Gwang Soo Kim


Address
(14099)  


Telephone
07087581644


Fax
031-344-1644














Copyright(c) CS corporation. All rights reserved










SMP Corporate | SMP
























































 Sales Force
Distributors




Select a language
English
Français
Español





Home
About
Facilities
Investor Relations
News
Careers













X































































News

Standard Motor Products, Inc. announces the addition of 109 new part numbers to its Standard® and Intermotor® lines. 

Learn More


Did You Know

Our facility in Greenville, SC, where we design and manufacture fuel injectors, was the first SMP® facility to achieve ISO/TS16949 certification.

Learn More


Our Brands & eCatalogs

We are organized into two major operating segments, each of which focuses on a specific line of automobile replacement parts. 
Learn More 





Go Down

















About

Overview
Established in 1919 and traded on the NYSE, Standard Motor Products, Inc., (SMP®) is a leading independent manufacturer, distributor and marketer of replacement parts for motor vehicles in the automotive aftermarket industry, with an increasing focus on the original equipment and original equipment service markets.
Organized into two major operating segments, SMP® supplies independent professional automotive technicians and do-it-yourselfers with high-quality replacement parts for engine management and temperature control products for domestic and import vehicles.
We distribute through traditional and non-traditional channels under our own brand names, such as Standard®, BWD®, TechSmart®, Intermotor®, Hayden®, ACI®, Four Seasons®, and through private labels.
Learn More


Corporate Message and Leadership Team
This year at Standard Motor Products, we are proud to celebrate a significant milestone as we commemorate our 97th anniversary. Since SMP® was founded in 1919, we have met difficult times with great resolve, and enjoyed many well-earned successes. Our organization has never been stronger or more eager to serve, staying true to a saying passed down to us through the Fife family, "The ability to serve well is as important as the will to do so."
After 97 years, our organization remains an automotive aftermarket leader firmly holding on to our reputation of extraordinary customer service, top quality product, advanced manufacturing, expanding distribution, and continued innovation.

Learn More


Values
SMP’s vision is to be the leading independent supplier to the automotive aftermarket, providing the highest quality products, the best customer service, competitive prices and the highest reputation for integrity to all channels of distribution while maintaining a profitable return for all stakeholders.
SMP is committed to conducting our businesses in an environmentally responsible and proactive manner. We are mindful of this responsibility and endeavor to consider the environmental impact from the outset with a dedication to innovative and accountable engineering driving efficient and green manufacturing processes. We have found that these practices can in fact be cost-effective while maintaining and building loyalty as evidenced by several of our recent initiatives involving hybrid technology and alternative fuel systems.
Learn More


History
On April 19, 1919, Elias Fife and Ralph Van Allen founded Standard Motor Products, Inc. (SMP) in New York City. Along with 10 other employees, Fife and Van Allen began to sell automotive replacement parts to repair shops.
Today, SMP® employs over 3,400 people internationally and is celebrating 95 years as an independent manufacturer and one of the largest distributors of replacement parts for motor vehicles in the automotive aftermarket.
Learn More

















Facilities

Facilities


Learn More


Location Map
Standard Motor Products, Inc. is headquartered in Long Island City, New York with numerous manufacturing and distribution locations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Europe and Asia.
Learn More


Transportation
Welcome to the SMP Corporate Vendor/Customer Routing information page. This information has been provided for buyers, vendors and customer service representatives to better understand how to best do business with SMP. The following information describes our routing instructions.
Learn More


Supplier Information
Welcome to the SMP supplier information page. This information is to help you understand how to do business with SMP. The following information describes our general corporate terms and conditions. Additional information regarding individual SMP purchasing divisions is also available.

Learn More





















Investor Relations

Stock Information
SMP® supplies independent professional automotive technicians and do-it yourselfers with high-quality replacement parts for engine management ignition, emission and fuel systems as well as temperature control products for domestic and import vehicles. SMP® products are sold through both traditional and non-traditional distribution channels worldwide. 
Learn More


Information Request
To request printed material (annual reports, Form 10-Ks, Form 10-Qs and other financial information) please fill out form via the ‘learn more’ button below.

Learn More


Corporate Profile
Established in 1919 and traded on the NYSE, Standard Motor Products, Inc., (SMP®) is a leading independent manufacturer, distributor and marketer of replacement parts for motor vehicles in the automotive aftermarket industry, with an increasing focus on the original equipment and original equipment service markets.
Learn More


Officers & Directors
Welcome to Standard Motor Products Officers and Directors section. Here you can view the biographies of SMP's senior management team.


Governance Documents
Standard Motor Product's Governance Documents outline non-discretionary governing principles and together, are a formal statement of intent that mandate the principles or standards that apply to the our corporate operations or to the conduct of our employees.
Learn More


Committee Members
Because Standard Motor Products is considered too large for all the members to participate in decisions affecting the corporation as a whole, our Committee Members are given the power to make decisions or take action.
Here you can view our committee members and view their biographies.


Historical Prices & Dividends
At SMP, we keep extremely accurate records of our historical prices and dividends. Feel free to look around at previous dates, prices, highs, and volumes.
Learn More


Insider Roster
At SMP, we keep extremely accurate records of our historical prices and dividends. Feel free to look around at previous dates, prices, highs, and volumes.
Learn More


Insider Transactions
Click through to see our up-to-the-minute data on our insider transactions, including our open market buys, open market sells, total transactions, and shares.
Learn More


Financial Reporting
In our financial reporting section you can find information for SEC filings, annual reports, XBRL documents, and proxy statements.
Learn More


Presentations
Standard Motor Products, Inc., supplies independent professional auto mechanics and automotive do-it-yourselfers with functional replacement parts for engine management, electrical and climate control systems of cars, trucks and buses. These products are sold through both traditional and non-traditional distribution channels. To take a look at our presentations, please click to the next page.
Learn More

















News

Corporate News
Standard Motor Products, Inc. announces the addition of 109 new part numbers to its Standard® and Intermotor® lines. 
                                
Learn More


Industry News
The automotive aftermarket or motor vehicle aftermarket is a critical segment of the U.S. economy. Distribution channels include original equipment, original equipment service, traditional automotive, programmed distribution, large retailers, and the non-traditional markets. This industry includes all products and services purchased for light and heavy duty vehicles after the original sale. This includes replacement parts for under hood and undercar, engine management, temperature controls, accessories, lubricants and appearance products. This also covers service repairs and the tools and equipment necessary to make the repair.
The Automotive Aftermarket total revenue exceeds 307.7 billion dollars in sales. Additionally, this industry employs over 4.1 million people, more than 800,000 of which are technicians.
Learn More


SMP Global Solutions
The automotive aftermarket or motor vehicle aftermarket is a critical segment of the U.S. economy. Distribution channels include original equipment, original equipment service, traditional automotive, programmed distribution, large retailers, and the non-traditional markets. This industry includes all products and services purchased for light and heavy duty vehicles after the original sale. This includes replacement parts for under hood and undercar, engine management, temperature controls, accessories, lubricants and appearance products. This also covers service repairs and the tools and equipment necessary to make the repair.
Learn More


Press Releases
Learn More


Right to Repair
The automotive aftermarket or motor vehicle aftermarket is a critical segment of the U.S. economy. Distribution channels include original equipment, original equipment service, traditional automotive, programmed distribution, large retailers, and the non-traditional markets. This industry includes all products and services purchased for light and heavy duty vehicles after the original sale. This includes replacement parts for under hood and undercar, engine management, temperature controls, accessories, lubricants and appearance products. This also covers service repairs and the tools and equipment necessary to make the repair.
Learn More

















Careers

Drive Your Career Forward
As a global leader in the independent manufacturing and distribution of motor vehicle replacement parts, we’re always looking to add bright newcomers to our team.
The stimulating challenges SMP® has to offer will help you build a solid foundation for your career. Explore our career section further to find out what SMP® has to offer you and let us know what you have to offer SMP®.

Search Jobs



























 Site Designed & developed by Multimedia Solutions, Inc.

Copyright © 2017 Standard Motor Products, Inc., All rights reserved.









