








Dexerials Corporation | SEMI.ORG
































Skip to main content













 1.408.943.6900 
  
  
   |   Contact Us 



















Search form
Search




 







Select Regions 


Taiwan


Japan


Europe


Korea


North America

China
South East Asia


 

MEMBERS ONLY
LOG IN

 











Membership
Market Info
Standards
Advocacy

 













Toggle navigation




























Dexerials Corporation







Dexerials CorporationStreet Address: 1-11-2 Osaki,Gate City Osaki, East Tower 8F,Shinagawa-kuTokyoJapan141-0032Web Site Address: http://www.dexerials.jp
Company Description: ■Principal operationsManufacturing and sales of electronic components, Bonding materials, Optics materials, etc■Major productsAnisotropic Conductive Film (ACF), Optical elasticity resin (SVR), Solar Cell Conductive Film for photovoltaic modules, Industrial adhesive, Industrial adhesive tapes, Thermal conductive sheet, UV curable resin for optical disks, Sputtering targets, Optical film, Touch panel, Self Control Protector (SCP) , Inorganic waveplate and Inorganic polarizer
Company ID: 259782Join Date: Jul 23, 2014 

Address Map: 
Primary Industry: SemiconductorPrimary Product Category: MaterialsPrimary Product Sub Category: Assembly/Packaging Materials    




 



 
 







 








 

 





















All product certificates of Dexerials Corp. Tochigi Plant - Certipedia

















TÜV Rheinland®




Home 

Product Certificates 
Product Manufacturers from A-Z
Overview Test Marks Products



System Certificates 
Certified Companies from A-Z
Certified Companies by Industry
Overview Test Marks Systems



Personal Certificates 
Qualifications
Certified Persons



Certipedia FAQ

Your Certipedia Entry
Overview Test Marks Products
Overview Test Marks Systems
Overview Tests of Technical Equipment and in the Industry
Important Technical Terms from A-Z




 Search







Global Websites

Contact

Addresses Worldwide


 Search

Directory list




Languages

EnglishDeutschPolskiEspañol



Login






Trouble logging in?
Sign up
Login


 














HomeDexerials Corp. Tochigi PlantProduct Certificates



Print
E-mail
Contact



Back





Dexerials Corp. Tochigi Plant1724 Shimotsuboyama,3230194 Shimotsuke-shi, TochigiJapan



    

1 certificate for products












Certificate Type
Product Type
Model Name
Details





                  Certificate of Surveyed Conformity
                

                  TR                

                  SF series
SFD series
xx = 14
y = 8
x...                

09650637





















Copyright ©2015 TÜV Rheinland. All rights reserved.
            Any utilization of this material - including the duplication on thereof - requires prior consent.






TÜV Rheinland Corporate Website
Sitemap
Data Privacy Declaration


Legal disclaimer
Copyright ©2015 TÜV Rheinland
























Singapore Green Building Council

























Dexerials Corporation






 Corporate Information










Dexerials Corporation
  www.dexerials.jp/en/
  +81 3 5435 3946
  sales@dexerials.com
  Gate City Osaki, East Tower 8F 1-11-2 Osaki Sinagawa-ku, Tokyo Japan
                                            
                                            
                                        

Organisation Primary Business ActivityProduct Companies
Services offered by organisationManufacturer / Distributor / Reseller
  Dexerials is currently engaged in development, production and sales and marketing activities for an environment friendly window film. Dexerials developed a heat-shielding film that had a similar degree of transparency in the visible range to glass, and in additional had retro-reflective properties in the near infrared range. The film embodies an innovative heat-shielding technique that makes it possible to effectively reflect solar radiation towards the sky while minimizing secondary effects on other buildings and the streets around the buildings.
                                        
                                    











 Singapore Green Building Council Membership




Corporate Member
Since 2014










 Certificates







Products







Certificate Number
Category
Rating
Valid Till
Brand
Model(s)




G00123
Architectural > Window System > Window Film



5 August 2017
ALBEEBO
IRA2J700





×
SGBC Certified Product Metrics





 Print
Close





















Developed by Weed Technologies


 © 2015 Singapore Green Building Council UEN: T09SS0112H |  (65) 6732 5518

































Dexerials
















































DEXERIALS

Menu
Search






 


Products
Corporate Communication
CSR Activities
Investor Relations
Contact us
News Release
Site Map
Japanese
Simplified Chinese
Korean










































































 
 


















 
 






















News Release

July 27, 2017　[IR]
Consolidated Financial Results for the Three Months Ended June 30, 2017 (no17-008)
May 29, 2017　[IR]
Notice of the 5th Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (no17-007)
April 27, 2017　[IR]
Consolidated Financial Results for the Fiscal Year Ended March 31, 2017 (no17-006)
April 27, 2017　[Management]
Update of the Medium-term Management Plan “Change for Growth 2018” (no17-005)
March 9, 2017　[Event]
Exhibit at 【1st JOINING JAPAN】 (no17-004)

Read More ...



What’s New

July 31, 2017Information on our holidays
April 21, 2017Information on our holidays
December 8, 2016Information on New Year’s Holiday
October 31, 2016CSR Activities updated

















Form | About our Products | Contact Us | Dexerials Corporation

















































DEXERIALS

Menu
Search






 


Products
Corporate Communication
CSR Activities
Investor Relations
Contact us
News Release
Site Map
Japanese
Simplified Chinese
Korean

















Contact Us
About Our Products





















The submission form on this page is SSL encrypted during transmission forsecurity reasons and the protection of your privacy.


About Our Products







        Fill out the form below and then proceed.
        Please enter your contact details.* denotes a required field.
    






*
Your full name






First name

Last name











*
Your e-mail address



*Your e-mail address is essential for correspondence.









*
Confirm your e-mail address



*Please re-type your e-mail address without using copy and paste.









*
Your company name













 
Department and Section













*
Phone number

















*
Zip code / Postal code







Example: 100-0001










*
Address
                        (City /Town /Village)

















*
Products of your company 
(within 100 characters)


















*
Inquiry about our products
(within 100 characters)


















*
Your inquiry






*You may select two or more items.



                        Product catalogue.

                        Safety information (MSDS, etc.)

                        Details on the product

                        Product samples

                        Product prices/quotation

                        Local sales offices or authorized distributors



Enter your message here (within 1,000 characters).












































Dexerials Corporation



















 



 




 



Sales Network
简体English








HomeAbout UsVision, Mission and Our ValuesExecutive DirectorsBusiness StructureMilestonesAwards & AchievementsCareersProduct CategoriesMicroprocessorDiscreteAnalogDigitalMemoryOptoelectronicsSensorPassiveLED Light SourceOthersProduct BrandsTechnical SolutionsWireless ModuleAutomotiveMotor ControlSmart MeterWhite GoodsPower/LED LightingAudio Investor RelationsFinancial ResultsShare Price & Historical ChartCorporate GovernanceCorporate Fact SheetEmail AlertNews & ReportFinancial NewsAnnual ReportInterim ReportContact UsSales OfficesEnquiry 











 






Name:


Email:















 





Now Location:
Product BrandsDexerials Corporation




	Dexerials Corporation

 
Background: Dexerials” is a coined word formed from the two words “Dexterous,” meaning “skilled and quick” and “Materials” to express the idea of a company with excellent technology that resolves problems cleverly and skillfully with its customers and creates values above and beyond customer expectations. Since its establishment in 1962, the core business including manufacturing and sales of optics materials like optical elasticity resin (SVR), electronic components products like anisotropic conductive fime (ACF) and bonding materials like adhesive.
 

Products:




Product Name

 











Anisotropic Conductive Film (ACF), AR-Film, Optical Elasticity Resin (SVR)
 




















































Copyright © 2017 Willas-Array Electronics (Holdings) Limited., All Right Reserved. 



Site MapTerms & Conditions of SalesPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use 
















 Dexerials Corporation , Japan | Supplier Data
Datamyne



























































Making trade data work for you





Countries  
Japan  
Supplier Starts With D

 




DEXERIALS CORPORATION


Japan 
 
 
 







12 Month Supply Chain Summary            
(July 23, 2016 ─ July 23, 2017)

DEXERIALS CORPORATION supplied 5 shipments to the US since Jul 23, 2016.




Top Importer



 Dexerials America Corporation 
1
Importers for this supplier for the last 12 months






Top HS Code Products



4002 -  Synth Rubber & Factice,  INC Nat-syn Mix,  PR FM Etc 









Top Carriers



 Nippon Express U S A (illinois) INC Seino Logix CO LTD 






Top Ports of Departure



 Tokyo, Japan 










Top Countries of Origin



 Japan 




Alternative content for the map














See all shipments for  Dexerials Corporation when you subscribe to Datamyne.




How Datamyne Benefits You


Datamyne covers the trade of some 50 countries across 5 continents, as well as the details of US import and export commerce with over 230 trading partners. Original US import bills are available online one day after we receive them from Customs, making our US import data the earliest available anywhere.
Easily access our database via a web-based interface that speeds and simplifies trade data research, delivering the information you need for successful marketing, prospecting and sourcing strategies.
See why more than 3,000 professionals are using Datamyne today.
Request a Demo






Take our Tour





 Product  Overview 
Plans and Pricing 
Why Choose Datamyne? 












Easy access, with expert support, to the largest searchable trade database in the world.
















                Search US import details FREE for companies like:              





DEXERIALS CORPORATION                  





First Name



Last Name





Company



Email



Country  
                        
United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Phone





                          I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy






Get My Free Search
















 
















































DexArmor   » About Us

































































Open MenuHome
Cost Calculator
Product Information
Benefits
Case Study
About Us
News
Contact Us
 

 
 










About Us


 





Dexerials America Corporation 
Dexerials America Corporation is a member of the Dexerials Corporation group that provides R&D, production, sales and marketing operations in the United States. Our corporate offices are split between Atlanta, Georgia and San Jose, California. From coast to coast, we strive to serve our customers all over the country and all over the world.
Our core competency is in UV curable resin for optical discs. Some of its applications include coating to protect the recording layer of DVDs and Blu-ray Discs. We have now adopted our 25 years of experience in UV coating technology to create a UV curable floor finish: “DexArmor.”
We will continue to meet the challenges of optimizing value for our customers and fulfilling our role as a reliable partner.
About Dexerials Corporation
Dexerials is a leading advanced material and chemical manufacturing company based in Tokyo, Japan, that manufactures and sells electronic components, bonding and optical materials.
We provide high value-added products from electronics to emerging business fields, including automotive, communication & semiconductor, environment and life sciences.
The name “Dexerials” is coined from the words “Dexterous,” meaning “skilled and quick” and “Materials” to express the idea of a company with excellent technology that resolves problems intelligently and skillfully. At Dexerials, we strive to create value by going above and beyond customer expectations.
Under our corporate vision “Value Matters — Unprecedented Innovation, Unprecedented Value,” we endeavor to create new value that serves both our customers and the world.






 

























Dexerials Corporation in Pharr, TX
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Dexerials Corporation, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Dexerials Corporation

Dexerials Corporation exports to Cal-comp Electronics(ccusa) Co.ltd through the port of Long Beach, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Dexerials Corporation and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 HOT TOPIC MERCHANDISE INC.
 TOYS R-US (WAREHOUSE #0083)
 LULULEMON USA INC
 DISNEY THEME PARK MERCHANDISE (OLD
 SHIN CATERPILLAR MITSUBISHI        
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Dexerials Corporation
Dexerials Corporation exports to Cal-comp Electronics(ccusa) Co.ltd through the port of Long Beach, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



DEXERIALS CORPORATION
12-3 SATSUKI-CHO KANUMA TO 322-8502 JP DEXERIALS CORP TE 81-289-76-210


CAL-COMP ELECTRONICS(CCUSA) CO.LTD
300 CAPOTE CENTRAL SUITE 400, BLDG D PHARR TX 78577 US ARACELY MARTINEZ TE 52-899-909-5050



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



DEXERIALS AMERICA CORPORATION
215 SATELLITE BLVD NE SUITE 400



CAL-COMP LAREDO C/NO.001-002 MADE IN JAPAN
CAL-COMP LAREDO C/NO.001-002 MADE IN JAPAN





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



KKLUJPTH034662


GESU6662101
GESU6662101


Product Description




ADHESIVES, CONTAINING FLAMMABLE LIQUID ADHESIVE MATERIAL(BOND) HS CODE: 3506.10
ADHESIVES, CONTAINING FLAMMABLE LIQUID ADHESIVE MATERIAL(BOND) HS CODE: 3506.10









Bill of LadingSEINEUS17050044Arrival Date2017-06-01Weight (LB)57Weight (KG)26Quantity2 CTNContainer Count1Voyage No.060EPort of LoadingTOKYOPort of DischargeLONG BEACH, CALIFORNIAVessel NameBEAR MOUNTAIN BRIDGECarrier CodeSEINCountry Of OriginJapanPlace Of ReceiptYOKOHAMA,JAPAN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Dexerials Corporation. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Dexerials Corporation has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Dexerials Corporation







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Dexerials Corporation
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    American Specialities Inc.441 Saw                                



                                    Lf Logistics Pakistan (private) Lim                                



                                    Chervy Edwin                                



                                    Dongguan Yuhong Furniture Company L                                



                                    The Poss Co., Ltd.                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3654
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















