


Vistar - Home
















    
怡力克股份有限公司Vistar Technology Inc.








Smart Controller




Smart Controller

Smart Qwerty Controller
RF4CE
RF4CE V.S. IR



Functions

Qwerty Keyboard
Mouse Function
Motion/Gesture
Wireless Audio



Product

VRF-019A
VRF-049A






Remote Control




IR & RF

Single Mode
Learning/Universal
LCD



 

Touch Screen
MCE



Current ID

SRC Series
VRC Series







RFID Reader




HF Reader

USB Mini Desktop
Bluetooth
USB Dongle
Embedded Type



 

MD600-HF
Proximity
Handheld



UHF Reader

Handheld
All-in-one 7dbi
All-in-one 12dbi



 

4-channel
4-channel EPC G2
2-channel EPC G2



2.45GHz Reader

S-Label Hand Type
6-channel small size
2-channel small size
Single channel R/O
Mi3000A






Android Dongle





MV650
MV633
MV631






Tablet PC





XPC116-1037
XPC116-i3
XPC116-i5






Wireless Charger





Wireless Charger






About Us





About Vistar
Contact Us






Link





MDT Malaysia
MDT Japan




































GO TOP












FU DA TONG TECHNOLOYG CO., LTD























































































Prev


Next





 


 2017-05-26台北國際電腦展 Computex 2017


 2016-11-15CES 2017 CES消費電子展


 2016-09-21Feb28-Mar2 2013 － 第十八届国际集成电路研讨会暨...



 










                Company Profile            
              
          
            Based on the expertise and rich experiences in RFID technology, Fu DA Tong (FDT) Technology Co., Ltd. is established to create products exceeding customers needs and bringing the never experienced convenience to the world. Taking the advantage of RFID technology, wireless power transfer application with its improving efficiency and performance will break the boundaries of traditional product design and provide infinite opportunities. As the leading provider, it will always be our goal to provide products meeting customer needs with continuous improvement in innovation, research and development, quality, operation and services.             
            				more







We Service







					100W Tx Max Powe
					■  Wireless charging transmitter 
    power output of 100 watts
■  Charging automatic target identify                    
				







					Qi 5W Compatible
					■  Automatic power adjustment
■  Metallic foreign body detection                    
				







					20W 3C Power 
					■  Maximum transfer efficiency more than 90%
■  Communication lines with the receiving control
■  Support multiple receiving end specifications
















 

TX 100W






 

RX 100W






 

A6






 

B3




more














	Products & Technology











































Search






Menu

Home
Power Management and Energy Storage Technologies1
Algae for Aquaculture
Defense
Gulftronic1
TRIGA® Nuclear Reactors
Radiation Monitoring Systems
Terminal Automation Products
About
Products & Technology
Procurement New
Procurement
News & Media
Careers
Contact
Visitor Information
Fusion Technology Products
Energy
Nirvana Storage





Products & Technology



 ENERGY 
GA is committed to developing innovative nuclear and alternative energy solutions to meet global needs. We are focused on the fundamental theoretical research needed for sustainable, alternative technologies that are safe and economical through improved performance.  DEFENSE 
GA continues to research, develop, and manufacture powerful first-of-kind technologies that provide military forces with the most advanced capabilities necessary to effectively respond to new mission requirements and evolving threats around the globe.  UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS & SENSORS 
General Atomics Aeronautical Systems is a world leader in proven, reliable Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) and tactical reconnaissance radars, as well as advanced high-resolution surveillance systems. COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS 
GA's diverse product offerings include a range of advanced technologies designed for commercial use.
OUTREACH PROGRAMSGA's education outreach programs include elements that support fusion energy research and development as well as general science education.Fusion Education and OutreachGeneral Atomics Sciences Education Foundation






©2017 General Atomics. All rights reserved. | Legal | Contact














	New Products  - Electronic Products

































































Sign In | Register


Close 
Sign In Here
Register





Search


Close 

















New Products
more 







Maxim’s PMICs offer hearables lowest standby power and high efficiency at less than half the size
MAX77650 and MAX77651 with single-inductor multi-output regulator and charger are optimized for small Li-ion batteries.







Optical interconnect demos PCIe links over FPGA board
Samtec has demonstrated its FireFly micro-flyover system for the Xilinx Virtex UltraScale+ FPGA evaluation kit.







PCB tool for rapid prototyping of surface-mount ICs
    ICStripBoard is a new tool that facilitates rapid prototyping of surface-mount ICs available in a variety of packages and different sizes.







Wet-mate connector qualified for subsea control systems
TE
Connectivity has unveiled a HydraElectric wet-mate connector that features a
modular construction and enables multiple configurations to be assembled from a
minimum







Cat5e Ethernet cables designed for outdoor, industrial environments
L-com has released two families of outdoor-rated, high-flex Cat5e cables for industrial Ethernet applications.







Isolated 8-W DC/DC converter features 4:1 input range
MINMAX offers the MDWI08 series of 8-W isolated and
regulated DC/DC converters with a 4:1 input range in a 16-pin DIP package
measuring 0.94 x 0.54 x 0.31 in.







3,200-W three-phase input industrial power supply series extended with 48-V model
The 2U
high product delivers 3,200-W output power (44 V at 133.3 A) and operates from
a wide-range Delta or Wye 350- to 528-Vac three-phase input.







Cloud-based management tool suits iHP intelligent high-power systems
This
high-level software graphical user interface enables users to control and
monitor all functions on one or multiple iHP systems using a standard web
browser and in







Low-power open-frame AC/DC power supplies housed in board-mount package
The VOF-6B, VOF-10B,
VOF-15B, and VOF-20B series are 6-, 10-, 15-, and 20-W additions to the
general-purpose AC/DC power supply portfolio that now ranges from 6 to 300 







Flexible power islands target wearables
Silego introduces the SLG46580 programmable mixed-signal ICs that support power systems in wearable and handheld markets.




New Products Archive > >





















































中華電信企業網路架站hiHosting-虛擬主機 網站代管 網頁空間 主機代管 網頁設計 電子商務 網域註冊 網路開店 郵件代管 網址
申請 WebHosting





網站維運中...

Under Construction...





POSSING ELECTRONIC CO., LTD













            ESTeem Home - ESTeem Industrial Wireless Solutions        






















 




























 















 





















CONSIDER THE POSSIBILITIES...
We Invite You to Evaluate Esteem Industrial Wireless Solutions

How Do I Get Started?Contact Form] 








DO YOU NEED REMOTE COMMUNICATION SOLUTIONS?

How Do I Get Started?Contact Form] 








DO YOU NEED WIRELESS I/O CONTROL SOLUTIONS?

How Do I Get Started?Contact Form] 








DO YOU NEED MOBILE COMMUNICATION SOLUTIONS?

How Do I Get Started?Contact Form 








DO YOU NEED REMOTE WIRELESS VIDEO MONITORING?

How Do I Get Started?Contact Form 








DO YOU NEED SCALABLE WIRELESS SOLUTIONS?

How Do I Get Started?Contact Form 













ESTeem Home
John Mekis
2017-07-17T20:03:50+00:00

Industrial Wireless Ethernet and Serial Modems & Solutions
Today’s industrial wireless networks have quickly evolved into an essential component of your overall industrial infrastructure. An ESTeem Industrial Wireless Solution delivers the robust and reliable wireless network you demand to provide complete and secure connectivity to critical IT, operation control systems, and remote asset data.
ESTeem has 30+ years of industrial wireless network design and integration experience with the industry’s most comprehensive product portfolio. Each model has been specifically designed and manufactured to meet environmental and data demands in specific industrial markets. ESTeem’s “Industrial Mesh” networking enables a scalable architecture with built-in redundancy for complete system reliability and stability.
Talk to us about a turnkey wireless solution for your application.
Industrial Wireless Solutions
Explore Solutions for Your Specific Industry
These industries rely in ESTeem’s durable products, which excel in rugged outdoor conditions, and for mission-critical communications.
Ethernet NetworksWater & WastewaterPublic SafetyFactoryAgricultureOil & GasMiningEnergyMaterial Handling


Delivering reliable and secure solutions for applications like yours since 1984.
ESTeem, the industrial radio network solution experts.  509.735.9092
How Do I Get Started?



ESTeem Spotlight
ESTeem Model 195E Series at the End of Life – Transitioning to Horizon Series
The ESTeem Model 195E series (195Eg, 195Ed, 195Ep, 195Ea and 195Es) of wireless Ethernet products are at the end of life due to advancements in wireless technology and availability of key parts used in production.  BUT there is no reason for panic as ESTeem has released the next generation of wireless hardware in the Horizon series which is fully compatible and will replace the 195E radio with an equivalent Horizon product.
ESTeem Model 195E Series End of Life & Upgrade Path Technical Bulletin
New Leasing Options
A new service ESTeem is offering for 2017 is an option to lease your wireless hardware.    If you or your customers need a new, reliable wireless network but need to conserve working capital, leasing the ESTeem wireless network may be the best option.  Please contact ESTeem sales for full details and pricing.
New ESTeem Repair Options
ESTeem is committed to supporting our customers and their critical infrastructure.  Beginning January 2017, ESTeem will offer a one-day product replacement for all of our current wireless products.  This service will allow you receive a replacement radio as early as the next day to get your system back in operation.  For customer using our legacy Model 192 series radio modems, we will continue our standard repair service through the end of 2017.  For full details and pricing on this service, please refer to the ESTeem Repair Policy.

Introduction to Industrial Wireless Technology





Success Stories



ECOPETROL Colombia
ECOPETROL S.A is the state oil producer in Colombia, one of the top four producers of petroleum in Latin America.  Their nationwide operation includes multiple oil  and gas fields, refineries, shipping ports on both coasts and a network of pipelines throughout the country that interconnect the production system with the consumption centers and marine terminals.  ECOPETROL has also been a pioneer in the adoption of wireless technology in oil and gas operations.  From the beginning, ECOPETROL has recognized that wireless networking provides the most cost efficient and effective means of monitoring their expansive operations.  By using wireless communication to interface well sites, operation centers and distribution centers across long distances, ECOPETROL saves hundreds of man hours and millions of dollars over the life of the system because they are not faced with the high cost of cable installations and maintenance.
Read Full Article



Pomegranate Production
One of the world’s largest suppliers of fresh pomegranates and producer of pomegranate juice is located in northern California.  In this northern California production facility an update to their automated bin delivery system has greatly increased production, through fewer down times, of a very time sensitive product.
Read Full Article



First Horizon 2.4 GHz Installation
ESTeem Industrial Wireless Solutions is proud to highlight the first installation of the new Horizon 2.4 GHz high-speed wireless product.  The Horizon 2.4 is a NEMA-4, outdoor rated industrial wireless modem compatible with 802.11N protocols to provide secure, high-speed wireless access to mobile devices.
The first customer application for this new radio was a large scale wine manufacturer in the Columbia Basin of Washington state who needed greater wireless coverage around large outdoor storage tanks.
Read Full Article




Why Choose Esteem for Your Solution?




Industrial applications demand an engineered solution to deliver the envisioned communications for you.
ESTeem’s sole business is wireless communications and they have specifically designed and manufactured a complete line of wireless devices for the FCC licensed and license-free frequencies. This is not a “me-too” product merely complementing an existing product line.
ESTeem Industrial Wireless Solutions brings 30+ years of Wireless Network design and integration experience for your solution.
ESTeem provides the industry’s most comprehensive product line choice.
ESTeem delivers completely integrated, turn-key wireless solutions for the industrial markets.








Delivering reliable and secure solutions for applications like yours since 1984.
ESTeem, the industrial radio network solution experts.  509.735.9092
Hardware Quote Request Form


Save



























AMETEK | ESP | SurgeX – Power protection, conditioning, and energy intelligence solutions

































































 


















Browse by Brand ESPSurgeXBrowse by Product Axess ELITEBranch CircuitCompact SolutionsDigital QCenVisionFlatPakHome TheaterIndustrialInternationalMultiPakNextGen PCSRack MountRemote PortalSag EliminatorSequencersSidecarsStandaloneStep Down TransformerUPS + ProtectionUPS StandaloneLarge Format UPS



 
























PRODUCTS Advanced Power Protection 



Intelligent Diagnostics 


Power Management 


Battery Backup 


Specialty Solutions 



View All ProductsSOLUTIONS Office & ImagingPro AVGaming & VendingDigital SignageATM & KioskInternationalResidentialIndustrialWHERE TO BUYRESOURCES Need for Power ProtectionCase StudiesWhite PapersVideosFAQTestimonialsMedia CenterCatalogsBrochuresPhotosLogosInfographicsABOUT US Who We AreOur HistoryOur TechnologyManagement TeamPress ReleasesIn the NewsPartnersCONTACT Contact UsESP Sales TeamSurgeX Sales TeamIndependent Sales Reps














 








  Protect your investment withour award winning portfolio.Our solutions enable your installationsto operate at peak performance.Resolve problematic electrical environments with our intelligent diagnostic solutions. 








			Home AMETEK		


esp-surgex 


			2016-09-20T12:28:02+00:00		

AMETEK Electronic Systems Protection – AT A GLANCEAMETEK Electronic Systems Protection is a recognized leader in advanced power protection, intelligent diagnostics, and remote monitoring solutions, and offers a complete power protection portfolio for the business equipment, imaging, audio visual, and gaming industries.


RECENT NEWS
606, 2017



SurgeX Doubles Down on UPS  Solutions With New SurgeX Large-Format Models


esp-surgex 


			2017-06-07T14:34:03+00:00		
June 6th, 2017|UPS solutions offer dealers robust, installation-wide backup power options that improve customer experience and decrease interruption Knightdale, NC, June 6, 2017 – AMETEK Electronic Systems Protection [...]Read More




 
 

 
 
 
 











WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin


Close



























	
        Welcome to Delta Group




























































Solutions









                                         
                                    


































                                                                                Industrial Automation Solutions
                                                                            



































                                                                                Building Automation Solutions
                                                                            



































                                                                                Datacenter Solutions
                                                                            



































                                                                                Telecom Energy Solutions
                                                                            





































                                                                                Renewable Energy Solutions
                                                                            



































                                                                                Display and Monitoring Solutions
                                                                            



































                                                                                EV Charging Solutions
                                                                            






















Products








 
                                        
                                    











 
 


電源及零組件











零組件



嵌入式電源



風扇與散熱管理



汽車電子



商用產品及移動電源


 
- 視訊與顯像系統


 
- 醫療用裝置


 
- 移動電源


 
- 工業電源


 
- 醫療電源




 
















 
 


自動化










工業自動化


 
- 設備監控


 
- 網路裝置


 
- 控制裝置


 
- 傳動及運動系統


 
- 感測儀表


 
- 工業機器人



樓宇自動化


 
- 樓宇管理與控制


 
- LED照明


 
- 智慧安防












 
 


基礎設施










資通訊基礎設施


 
- 通訊電源系統


 
- 網通系統


 
- 不斷電系統及資料中心



能源基礎設施


 
- 電動車充電設備


 
- 儲能系統


 
- 可再生能源


 
- 高功率馬達驅動



















 
                                        
                                    











 
 


Power Electronics











Components



Embedded Power



Fan & Thermal Management



Automotive Electronics



Merchant & Mobile Power


 
- Display & Visualization


 
- Healthcare Devices


 
- Mobile Power


 
- Industrial Power


 
- Medical Power




 
















 
 


Automation










Industrial Automation


 
- Equipment Control & Visualization



 
- Network


 
- Control


 
- Drive & Motion


 
- Field Device



Building Automation


 
- Building Management & Control


 
- LED Lighting


 
- Intelligent Surveillance












 
 


Infrastructure










ICT Infrastructure


 
- Telecom Power Systems


 
- Networking Systems


 
- UPS & Datacenter Infrastructure



Energy Infrastructure


 
- EV Charging


 
- Energy Storage System


 
- Renewable Energy


 
- High Power Motor Drives



















News Center





                                         
                                    











                                                                            Features










                                                                            Press Releases










                                                                            Photos & Videos










                                                                            Event Calendar










                                                                            Press Contacts

















Investor Services





                                         
                                    











                                                                            Features










                                                                            Chairman’s Statement










                                                                            Annual Reports










                                                                            Financial Reports










                                                                            Stock Quotes










                                                                            Dividend Information










                                                                            Corporate Governance










                                                                            Analyst Coverage










                                                                            Events & Presentations










                                                                            Transfer Agent










                                                                            Investor Services Team

















About Delta





                                         
                                    











                                                                            Delta Group










                                                                            Leadership










                                                                            Business










                                                                            Global Operations










                                                                            Innovation










                                                                            Milestones










                                                                            CSR










                                                                            Delta Group Links

















Careers





                                         
                                    











                                                                            Features










                                                                            Life at Delta










                                                                            Join Delta



















Loading
















Regions | Language


                         
                    
















































































Our Business











電源及零組件
自動化
基礎設施










零組件



嵌入式電源



風扇與散熱管理



汽車電子



商用產品及移動電源




 
















工業自動化



樓宇自動化












資通訊基礎設施



能源基礎設施






 
 
 




Power Electronics
Automation
Infrastructure










Components



Embedded Power



Fan & Thermal Management



Automotive Electronics



Merchant & Mobile Power




 
















Industrial Automation



Building Automation












ICT Infrastructure



Energy Infrastructure






 
 
 










Solutions















                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Industrial Automation Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Building Automation Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Datacenter Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Telecom Energy Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Renewable Energy Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            Display and Monitoring Solutions













                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            EV Charging Solutions




























Features


























 
                                                            







Delta Electronics Wins Three Major Awards at the 2017 Global Views Monthly’s CSR Awards 14 awards won since 2005 – the most by one company since the founding of the awards

Taipei, Taiwan, May 3, 2017 -- Delta Electronics won three major awards today at Global Views Monthly's 13th annual “Global Views Corporate Social Responsibility Awards” event. The awards include first prize for the “CSR Comprehensive Survey of the Electronics Industry”, and model awards for “Delta Green Building Exhibition” and “DeltaMOOCx”. This year, Delta received the most awards among all awa...>
                                                                            

















News




















                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            2017/07/28
                                                                        -
                                                                        Delta Electronics, Inc. Announces 2017-Q2 Financial ResultsNEW!














                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            2017/07/16
                                                                        -
                                                                        Delta Awarded Scholarships and Bursaries for Students in Northern Thailand














                                                                         
                                                                    


                                                                            2017/07/10
                                                                        -
                                                                        Delta Electronics’ Consolidated Sales Revenues for June 2017 Totaled NT$18,694 Million
































Delta CSR





































Delta named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI) World Index for six consecutive years in the ITC Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components industry. 













 
                                                                        

















Please read our annual social responsibility report for detailed information about Delta's sustainability performance.



























Explore


















 
                                                                                        




Moving towards Smart and Green Manufacturing








At Delta's production base, the Delta articulated robot inspects functions of the finished products of the SCARA robot, increasing inspection efficiency by 74%. 















 
                        





















             
        



             
        










                                     
                                




RSS Feeds 













Press Releases





Investor Services











                                     
                                




Information 













Privacy



Contact us





Terms of use


                                                 
                                            









Our Mission




To provide innovative, clean and energy-efficient solutionsfor a better tomorrow.




                        ©
                        2017
                        Delta Electronics, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
                    




























Electronic Products & Technology - Canada's Leading Electronics Website














































 


























Subscribe


































Latest


 

PRODUCT
Two part epoxy bonds, seals and coats encapsulation

MASTER BOND EP41S-F is a two part epoxy for bonding, sealing, coating and encapsulation applications. Product combines fast ambient temperature cure speed ...





 

NEWS
IBM innovation incubator launches at Communitech Data Hub
The Province of Ontario, the Ontario Centres of Excellence, IBM Canada and Communitech jointly unveiled the IBM Innovation Incubator at the Communitech Da...





 

PRODUCT
3-in-1 serial server wirelessly connects diverse devices

MOXA NPort IAW5000A-6I/O enterprise-scale, out-of-the-box solution that conveniently integrates a RS-232/422/485 serial device server, a Wi-Fi client/bridg...





 

PRODUCT
6GHz coaxial connector terminates via crimp or SMA

STAUBLI  CombiTac 6GHz coaxial connectors permits user to connect 50 Ω  RG coaxial cables by means of crimp or SMA termination. Two 2.4GHz crimp version...





 

NEWS
Gel technology could see electronic devices  'heal' themselves
A new 3D printed gel that can heal like living tissue, and change form in response to environments, has myriad applications from fixing cracked phone scree...





 

PRODUCT
Modular power supply delivers communications interface

TDK-LAMBDA AMERICAS PMBus communications interface option card for the 700 to 1500W rated QM series of modular power supplies is an open standard digital p...




View More


Features
Drill ship power challenge: hybrid solution solves distribution issues
Manufacturers in the marine and offshore space face unique challenges. Aspin Kemp & Associates (AKA), a manufacturer of electrical power and control systems headquartered in Montague, PE →

The road to fully flexible consumer electronics
Flexible consumer electronic devices are now a reality, and as forecasted by IDTechEx in the launch of the first ever market research report on the topic of barrier films for electronics alm →

Understanding IoT acronyms and how to compare them
As the Internet of Things (IoT) industry continues to expand, new information on emerging best practices, technical specifications and design considerations continues to flood the market. Th →


More Features














  EP&T on Twitter Tweets by @EPTmagazine



Upcoming Industry Events


Aug
20
2017



​CSSTC 2017 Conference
200 University Ave W, Waterloo, ON N2L 3G1





Aug
30
2017



SMTA- Electronic Industry Golf Tournament
15731 Regional Rd 50, Caledon, Ontario





Sep
12
2017



The Battery Show Conference






Sep
13
2017



Waterloo Innovation Summit 2017






Sep
17
2017



SMTA International
5555 N River Rd, Rosemont, IL 60018




More Upcoming Events





Videos









Driving Dreams Conference on IoT, AI, Big Data







Printed Electronics Conference – CPES2017







TB-Series Tandem-Pole Circuit Breaker







ST-Series Sealed Toggle Switch







CPES 2016 Printable Flexible Wearable Electronics Symposium







Rock, Rotate & Recharge with Carling’s V-Series Products










Cardiocomm Solutions Inc.







Sealed, High Performance Circuit Protection in a Compact Package







N-Series Circuit Breaker







Harting Canada president talks at EDS







Digi-Key executive talks distribution at EDS show







3.15 Amps Dual Port USB 2.0 V-Charger











More Videos






EPTECH Trade Shows 

EP&T EPTECH Electronics Shows are coming to cities across Canada throughout 2017.
Employing a highly time-efficient table-top display format, EPTECH shows target electronics designers, engineers, technicians, technologists, purchasers, technical managers and researchers.

Register to Attend Book Exhibit Space




Jobs, Product Lines, Industry Talent on EP&T website



Looking to hire, looking for a job within the industry, Reps & Distys looking for lines? Manufactures’ looking for Reps or Distys.


            Electronic Products and Technology is pleased to offer the service of connecting those involved in the electronics market together.
            Connect with new perspective hires, companies or lines effectively and efficiently. View

            For more information, contact Steve Law atslaw@ept.ca or call 416-510-5208
          
        






White papers
High-Resolution Measurements with Rohde & Schwarz Oscilloscopes – Application Note
Contributed by Rohde & SchwarzHow to Choose the Appropriate Rack Size for a Chassis System
Contributed by HARTING Canada Inc. 
More White papers



EP&T Poll

Participate in the EP&T poll

        Cast your vote on the Electronics Industry related question or view the poll results.
        
View Poll







      News you can use from leading suppliers 
      






Advanced machinery and employee expertise help Arc-Fil meet customer needs
Arc-Fil remains at the forefront of the latest technological developments in steel wire forming by r...


Improve workplace safety with top quality respirators, hearing and eye protection
Adheco carries safety supplies from 3M. The lineup includes respirators, as well as hearing and eye ...


Free webinar to highlight the processing of common food ingredients
On Wednesday, August 9 at 2 pm, Hosokawa Micron Powder Systems will be hosting a free webinar that w...


Eliminate the need for costly primers and epoxies in demanding applications
Heli-Coil Primer-Free II Inserts, from Gould Fasteners, not only eliminate the need for primers and ...


Wave springs offer many advantages
Daemar carries TruWave wave springs. Its lineup includes multi-turn, single-turn and nested varietie...


Manufacturers realize energy savings with CompAir air compressors
Many manufacturers rely on compressed air for their processes. A high level of air purity is require...


More REDWIRE


























Electronics - Wikipedia






















 






Electronics

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the technical field of electronics. For personal/home-use electronic devices, see consumer electronics. For the scientific magazine, see Electronics (magazine).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)






Surface-mount electronic components


Electronics is the science of controlling electrical energy electrically, in which the electrons have a fundamental role. Electronics deals with electrical circuits that involve active electrical components such as vacuum tubes, transistors, diodes, integrated circuits, optoelectronics, sensors etc. associated passive electrical components, and interconnection technologies. Commonly, electronic devices contain circuitry consisting primarily or exclusively of active semiconductors supplemented with passive elements; such a circuit is described as an electronic circuit.
The science of electronics is also considered to be a branch of physics and electrical engineering.[1][2]
The nonlinear behaviour of active components and their ability to control electron flows makes amplification of weak signals possible, and electronics is widely used in information processing, telecommunication, and signal processing. The ability of electronic devices to act as switches makes digital information processing possible. Interconnection technologies such as circuit boards, electronics packaging technology, and other varied forms of communication infrastructure complete circuit functionality and transform the mixed components into a regular working system.
Electronics is distinct from electrical and electro-mechanical science and technology, which deal with the generation, distribution, switching, storage, and conversion of electrical energy to and from other energy forms using wires, motors, generators, batteries, switches, relays, transformers, resistors, and other passive components. This distinction started around 1906 with the invention by Lee De Forest of the triode, which made electrical amplification of weak radio signals and audio signals possible with a non-mechanical device. Until 1950 this field was called "radio technology" because its principal application was the design and theory of radio transmitters, receivers, and vacuum tubes.
Today, most electronic devices use semiconductor components to perform electron control. The study of semiconductor devices and related technology is considered a branch of solid-state physics, whereas the design and construction of electronic circuits to solve practical problems come under electronics engineering. This article focuses on engineering aspects of electronics.



Contents


1 Branches of electronics
2 Electronic devices and components
3 History of electronic components
4 Types of circuits

4.1 Analog circuits
4.2 Digital circuits


5 Heat dissipation and thermal management
6 Noise
7 Electronics theory
8 Electronics lab
9 Computer aided design (CAD)
10 Construction methods
11 See also
12 References
13 Further reading
14 External links



Branches of electronics[edit]
Electronics has branches as follows:

Digital electronics
Analogue electronics
Microelectronics
Circuit design
Integrated circuits
Optoelectronics
Semiconductor devices
Embedded systems

Electronic devices and components[edit]




Electronics Technician performing a voltage check on a power circuit card in the air navigation equipment room aboard the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln (CVN 72).


Main article: Electronic component
An electronic component is any physical entity in an electronic system used to affect the electrons or their associated fields in a manner consistent with the intended function of the electronic system. Components are generally intended to be connected together, usually by being soldered to a printed circuit board (PCB), to create an electronic circuit with a particular function (for example an amplifier, radio receiver, or oscillator). Components may be packaged singly, or in more complex groups as integrated circuits. Some common electronic components are capacitors, inductors, resistors, diodes, transistors, etc. Components are often categorized as active (e.g. transistors and thyristors) or passive (e.g. resistors, diodes, inductors and capacitors).
History of electronic components[edit]
Further information: History of electronic engineering and Timeline of electrical and electronic engineering
Vacuum tubes (Thermionic valves) were among the earliest electronic components.[3] They were almost solely responsible for the electronics revolution of the first half of the twentieth century.[4][5] They took electronics from parlor tricks and gave us radio, television, phonographs, radar, long-distance telephony and much more. They played a leading role in the field of microwave and high power transmission as well as television receivers until the middle of the 1980s.[6] Since that time, solid-state devices have all but completely taken over. Vacuum tubes are still used in some specialist applications such as high power RF amplifiers, cathode ray tubes, specialist audio equipment, guitar amplifiers and some microwave devices.
In April 1955, the IBM 608 was the first IBM product to use transistor circuits without any vacuum tubes and is believed to be the first all-transistorized calculator to be manufactured for the commercial market.[7][8] The 608 contained more than 3,000 germanium transistors. Thomas J. Watson Jr. ordered all future IBM products to use transistors in their design. From that time on transistors were almost exclusively used for computer logic and peripherals.
Types of circuits[edit]
Circuits and components can be divided into two groups: analog and digital. A particular device may consist of circuitry that has one or the other or a mix of the two types.
Analog circuits[edit]
Main article: Analog electronics




Hitachi J100 adjustable frequency drive chassis


Most analog electronic appliances, such as radio receivers, are constructed from combinations of a few types of basic circuits. Analog circuits use a continuous range of voltage or current as opposed to discrete levels as in digital circuits.
The number of different analog circuits so far devised is huge, especially because a 'circuit' can be defined as anything from a single component, to systems containing thousands of components.
Analog circuits are sometimes called linear circuits although many non-linear effects are used in analog circuits such as mixers, modulators, etc. Good examples of analog circuits include vacuum tube and transistor amplifiers, operational amplifiers and oscillators.
One rarely finds modern circuits that are entirely analog. These days analog circuitry may use digital or even microprocessor techniques to improve performance. This type of circuit is usually called "mixed signal" rather than analog or digital.
Sometimes it may be difficult to differentiate between analog and digital circuits as they have elements of both linear and non-linear operation. An example is the comparator which takes in a continuous range of voltage but only outputs one of two levels as in a digital circuit. Similarly, an overdriven transistor amplifier can take on the characteristics of a controlled switch having essentially two levels of output. In fact, many digital circuits are actually implemented as variations of analog circuits similar to this example—after all, all aspects of the real physical world are essentially analog, so digital effects are only realized by constraining analog behavior.
Digital circuits[edit]
Main article: Digital electronics
Digital circuits are electric circuits based on a number of discrete voltage levels. Digital circuits are the most common physical representation of Boolean algebra, and are the basis of all digital computers. To most engineers, the terms "digital circuit", "digital system" and "logic" are interchangeable in the context of digital circuits. Most digital circuits use a binary system with two voltage levels labeled "0" and "1". Often logic "0" will be a lower voltage and referred to as "Low" while logic "1" is referred to as "High". However, some systems use the reverse definition ("0" is "High") or are current based. Quite often the logic designer may reverse these definitions from one circuit to the next as he sees fit to facilitate his design. The definition of the levels as "0" or "1" is arbitrary.
Ternary (with three states) logic has been studied, and some prototype computers made.
Computers, electronic clocks, and programmable logic controllers (used to control industrial processes) are constructed of digital circuits. Digital signal processors are another example.
Building blocks:

Logic gates
Adders
Flip-flops
Counters
Registers
Multiplexers
Schmitt triggers

Highly integrated devices:

Microprocessors
Microcontrollers
Application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC)
Digital signal processor (DSP)
Field-programmable gate array (FPGA)

Heat dissipation and thermal management[edit]
Main article: Thermal management of electronic devices and systems
Heat generated by electronic circuitry must be dissipated to prevent immediate failure and improve long term reliability. Heat dissipation is mostly achieved by passive conduction/convection. Means to achieve greater dissipation include heat sinks and fans for air cooling, and other forms of computer cooling such as water cooling. These techniques use convection, conduction, and radiation of heat energy.
Noise[edit]
Main article: Electronic noise
Electronic noise is defined[9] as unwanted disturbances superposed on a useful signal that tend to obscure its information content. Noise is not the same as signal distortion caused by a circuit. Noise is associated with all electronic circuits. Noise may be electromagnetically or thermally generated, which can be decreased by lowering the operating temperature of the circuit. Other types of noise, such as shot noise cannot be removed as they are due to limitations in physical properties.
Electronics theory[edit]
Main article: Mathematical methods in electronics
Mathematical methods are integral to the study of electronics. To become proficient in electronics it is also necessary to become proficient in the mathematics of circuit analysis.
Circuit analysis is the study of methods of solving generally linear systems for unknown variables such as the voltage at a certain node or the current through a certain branch of a network. A common analytical tool for this is the SPICE circuit simulator.
Also important to electronics is the study and understanding of electromagnetic field theory.
Electronics lab[edit]
Main article: Electronic circuit simulation
Due to the complex nature of electronics theory, laboratory experimentation is an important part of the development of electronic devices. These experiments are used to test or verify the engineer’s design and detect errors. Historically, electronics labs have consisted of electronics devices and equipment located in a physical space, although in more recent years the trend has been towards electronics lab simulation software, such as CircuitLogix, Multisim, and PSpice.
Computer aided design (CAD)[edit]
Main article: Electronic design automation
Today's electronics engineers have the ability to design circuits using premanufactured building blocks such as power supplies, semiconductors (i.e. semiconductor devices, such as transistors), and integrated circuits. Electronic design automation software programs include schematic capture programs and printed circuit board design programs. Popular names in the EDA software world are NI Multisim, Cadence (ORCAD), EAGLE PCB and Schematic, Mentor (PADS PCB and LOGIC Schematic), Altium (Protel), LabCentre Electronics (Proteus), gEDA, KiCad and many others.
Construction methods[edit]
Main article: Electronic packaging
Many different methods of connecting components have been used over the years. For instance, early electronics often used point to point wiring with components attached to wooden breadboards to construct circuits. Cordwood construction and wire wrap were other methods used. Most modern day electronics now use printed circuit boards made of materials such as FR4, or the cheaper (and less hard-wearing) Synthetic Resin Bonded Paper (SRBP, also known as Paxoline/Paxolin (trade marks) and FR2) - characterised by its brown colour. Health and environmental concerns associated with electronics assembly have gained increased attention in recent years, especially for products destined to the European Union, with its Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive (RoHS) and Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive (WEEE), which went into force in July 2006.
See also[edit]





Book: An introduction to electronics






Electronics portal



Outline of electronics



Atomtronics
Audio engineering
Broadcast engineering
Computer engineering
Electronic engineering
Electronics engineering technology
Fuzzy electronics
Index of electronics articles
List of mechanical, electrical and electronic equipment manufacturing companies by revenue
Marine electronics
Power electronics
Robotics


References[edit]



^ "Electronics, Encyclopædia Britannica". Encyclopædia Britannica. September 2016. 
^ "Electronics definition, Oxford Dictionary". Oxford University Press. February 2017. 
^ Guarnieri, M. (2012). "The age of vacuum tubes: Early devices and the rise of radio communications". IEEE Ind. Electron. M. 6 (1): 41–43. doi:10.1109/MIE.2012.2182822. 
^ Guarnieri, M. (2012). "The age of vacuum tubes: the conquest of analog communications". IEEE Ind. Electron. M. 6 (2): 52–54. doi:10.1109/MIE.2012.2193274. 
^ Guarnieri, M. (2012). "The age of Vacuum Tubes: Merging with Digital Computing". IEEE Ind. Electron. M. 6 (3): 52–55. doi:10.1109/MIE.2012.2207830. 
^ Sōgo Okamura (1994). History of Electron Tubes. IOS Press. p. 5. ISBN 978-90-5199-145-1. Retrieved 5 December 2012. 
^ Bashe, Charles J.; et al. (1986). IBM's Early Computers. MIT. p. 386. 
^ Pugh, Emerson W.; Johnson, Lyle R.; Palmer, John H. (1991). IBM's 360 and early 370 systems. MIT Press. p. 34. ISBN 0-262-16123-0. 
^ IEEE Dictionary of Electrical and Electronics Terms ISBN 978-0-471-42806-0



Further reading[edit]

The Art of Electronics ISBN 978-0-521-37095-0

External links[edit]



Wikibooks has more on the topic of: Electronics





Wikibooks has a book on the topic of: Electrical_engineering





Wikiversity has learning resources about School:Electronics





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Electronics.



Electronics at DMOZ
Navy 1998 Navy Electricity and Electronics Training Series (NEETS)
DOE 1998 Electrical Science, Fundamentals Handbook, 4 vols.

Vol. 1, Basic Electrical Theory, Basic DC Theory
Vol. 2, DC Circuits, Batteries, Generators, Motors
Vol. 3, Basic AC Theory, Basic AC Reactive Components, Basic AC Power, Basic AC Generators
Vol. 4, AC Motors, Transformers, Test Instruments & Measuring Devices, Electrical Distribution Systems









v
t
e


Technology






Outline of technology
Outline of applied science





Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural engineering
Aquaculture
Fisheries science
Food chemistry
Food engineering
Food microbiology
Food technology
GURT
ICT
Nutrition





Biomedical



Bioinformatics
Biological engineering
Biomechatronics
Biomedical engineering
Biotechnology
Cheminformatics
Genetic engineering
Healthcare science
Medical research
Medical technology
Nanomedicine
Neuroscience
Neurotechnology
Pharmacology
Reproductive technology
Tissue engineering





Buildings and
construction



Acoustical engineering
Architectural engineering
Building services engineering
Civil engineering
Construction engineering
Domestic technology
Facade engineering
Fire protection engineering
Safety engineering
Sanitary engineering
Structural engineering





Educational



Educational software
Digital technologies in education
ICT in education
Impact
Multimedia learning
Virtual campus
Virtual education





Energy



Nuclear engineering
Nuclear technology
Petroleum engineering
Soft energy technology





Environmental



Clean technology
Clean coal technology
Ecological design
Ecological engineering
Ecotechnology
Environmental engineering
Environmental engineering science
Green building
Green nanotechnology
Landscape engineering
Renewable energy
Sustainable design
Sustainable engineering





Industrial



Automation
Business informatics
Engineering management
Enterprise engineering
Financial engineering
Industrial biotechnology
Industrial engineering
Metallurgy
Mining engineering
Productivity improving technologies
Research and development
Tribology





IT and
communications



Artificial intelligence
Broadcast engineering
Computer engineering
Computer science
Financial technology
Information technology
Music technology
Ontology engineering
RF engineering
Software engineering
Telecommunications engineering
Visual technology
Web engineering





Military



Army engineering maintenance
Electronic warfare
Military communications
Military engineering
Stealth technology





Transport



Aerospace engineering
Automotive engineering
Naval architecture
Space technology
Traffic engineering
Transport engineering









Others




Applied
science



Cryogenics
Electro-optics
Electronics
Engineering geology
Engineering physics
Hydraulics
Materials science
Microfabrication
Nanoengineering





Engineering
(list)



Audio
Biochemical
Ceramic
Chemical
Polymer
Control
Electrical
Electronic
Entertainment
Geotechnical
Hydraulic
Mechanical
Mechatronics
Optical
Protein
Quantum
Robotics

Animatronics


Systems














Components



Infrastructure
Invention

Timeline


Knowledge
Machine
Skill

Craft


Tool

Gadget







Scales



Femtotechnology
Picotechnology
Nanotechnology
Microtechnology
Macro-engineering
Megascale engineering





History



Prehistoric technology
Neolithic Revolution
Ancient technology
Medieval technology
Renaissance technology
Industrial Revolution

Second


Atomic Age
Jet Age
Space Age
Digital Revolution
Information Age





Theories and
concepts



Appropriate technology
Collingridge dilemma
Critique of technology
Diffusion of innovations
Disruptive innovation
Dual-use technology
Ephemeralization
High tech
Hype cycle
Low-technology
Mature technology
Strategy of Technology
Technicism
Techno-progressivism
Technocapitalism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technoculture
Technoethics
Technoetic
Technogaianism
Technoliberalism
Technolibertarianism
Technological alliance
Technological apartheid
Technological change
Technological convergence
Technological determinism
Technological escalation
Technological evolution
Technological fix
Technological innovation system
Technological momentum
Technological nationalism
Technological paradigm
Technological rationality
Technological revival
Technological revolution
Technological self-efficacy
Technological singularity

Singularitarianism


Technological somnambulism
Technological transitions
Technological unemployment
Technological utopianism
Technology lifecycle

Technology acceptance model
Technology adoption lifecycle


Technomancy
Technopaganism
Technorealism
Technoromanticism
Technoscience

feminist


Transhumanism





Other



Emerging technologies

List


Fictional technology
High-technology business districts
Kardashev scale
List of technologies
Philosophy of technology

Ethics of technology


Science, technology and society

Technology dynamics
Science and technology by country


STEM fields

Pre-STEM
women


STEAM fields
Technology alignment
Technology assessment
Technology brokering
Technology companies
Technology demonstration
Technology education

Technical universities and colleges


Technology evangelist
Technology fusion
Technology governance
Technology integration
Technology journalism
Technology management
Technology museum
Technology policy
Technology shock
Technology strategy
Technology and society
Technology transfer
Technophilia
Technophobia
Technoself
Technosexual
Technosignature
Technostress
Terotechnology








 Book
 Category
 Portal









Authority control



LCCN: sh85042383
GND: 4014346-6
BNF: cb11934822z (data)
NDL: 00561449










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Electronics&oldid=793644567"					
Categories: ElectronicsHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from July 2012All articles needing additional referencesArticles with DMOZ linksWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersUse dmy dates from March 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikibooks 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischالعربيةAragonésAsturianuAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskFurlanGaeilgeGalego贛語한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenKurdîລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLimburgsMagyarМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीBahasa MelayuMirandésМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیپښتوPatoisPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусиньскыйРусскийसंस्कृतम्ScotsSeelterskShqipSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVõroWinarayWolofייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文Kabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 August 2017, at 02:20.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Home  









































































 



 



 



 



 

«
»









 
Menu
 



legendary service
integrity, responsiveness, & flexibility
Electronic Systems, Inc. has been providing Legendary Service to its customers for over 30 years. Founded in 1980, we provide a full range of electronic manufacturing services (EMS) to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in the industrial, commercial, medical, energy and HVAC markets.


 








 


  Recent Posts 

PREFERRED SUPPLIERS Q1 2017


ESI SUMMER 2017 NEWSLETTER


Electronic Systems Inc. Wins 2017 Circuits Assembly SEA Award


ESI Spring 2017 Newsletter


ESI Recognizes Perfect Attendance 2016


Careers Production Assistant
Contact Us Electronic Systems, Inc.
600 East 50th Street North
Sioux Falls, SD 57104
Phone (605) 338-6868
Fax (605) 338-5061
 




 
	
		

		Folder Name 





File Name:


Folder
No FolderAbdul HogeAbe RubertsAndrew JonesArlan LloydArlan LloydArt BabayanArthur BaybanArthur DavidsonBen BrownBlake BrysenChris KaseClay WaltersDarlena SmallinDavid A. Sharpe David TrueDavid TrueDavid TrueDavid TrueDavid TrueDenise LansforthDonel E-File ServiceEd FrezEdward BreezEdward BreezEdward BreezFrank CastelloGarett EddinsIan BackfordJamesJamesJames ParsonsJoel LiftoughJoele LyftoueghJosie MotzMikeNick DafnyRichard JonesRyan AndersonTyler Wornerundefined

 










 










































	Electronic Products Magazine - Component and Technology News  - Electronic Products



































































Sign In | Register


Close 
Sign In Here
Register





Search


Close 





















Disney’s Magic Bench creates group virtual reality experience without a headset






Smart lighting leading the way to smarter cities






How to search your browser history after it’s been cleared






You are what your phone thinks you eat, at least when AI suggests recipes based on photos






Rooftop concentrating photovoltaics beat out silicon in outdoor testing






Increased security: TSA now screening all devices larger than a cell phone






5 ways you can turn your old gadgets into technology of the future






Publisher's Perspective: Deeply reported news delivers unique insight









Feature Articles
more 







Finally, a 3D metal printer capable of disrupting the entire metal-working industry
Desktop Metal raises $212 million for a 3D metal printer that’s 100x faster and 10x cheaper







The COVI smart lamp doubles as speech-enabled open-source hub
Senic crowdfunds a lamp that goes above and beyond competitors.







Disney’s Magic Bench creates group virtual reality experience without a headset
The Magic Bench allows users to interact with favorite characters by combining augmented and mixed reality experiences.







Smart lighting leading the way to smarter cities
As urban populations rise, smarter cities are
needed, and light poles have a central role to play.




New Products
more 







Maxim’s PMICs offer hearables lowest standby power and high efficiency at less than half the size
MAX77650 and MAX77651 with single-inductor multi-output regulator and charger are optimized for small Li-ion batteries.







Optical interconnect demos PCIe links over FPGA board
Samtec has demonstrated its FireFly micro-flyover system for the Xilinx Virtex UltraScale+ FPGA evaluation kit.







PCB tool for rapid prototyping of surface-mount ICs
    ICStripBoard is a new tool that facilitates rapid prototyping of surface-mount ICs available in a variety of packages and different sizes.







Wet-mate connector qualified for subsea control systems
TE
Connectivity has unveiled a HydraElectric wet-mate connector that features a
modular construction and enables multiple configurations to be assembled from a
minimum










Weekly Roundup
It's Relays & Switches Week








The Editor's Perspective
more 



Richard Quinnell
Electronic product design is bypassing electronics design, creating opportunity for non-EEs
With fully functioning hardware compute platforms like
the Arduino and Raspberry Pi on the market, development teams can build highly
capable systems while focusing almost exclusively on the application software. ... more
        




Featured Videos
more 












Sample Center


Over 25,000 Part Numbers Available For FREE Sampling!

get product samples




Follow













subscribe




Inventory Search


Search Electronic Components from Over
            100 Distributors












































 Press Room & Bindery Solutions | Systems Technology, Inc

































































 

1351 East Riverview Dr., San Bernardino, CA 92408, USA
+1 909 799 9950
info@systems-technology-inc.com


LinkedinYouTube











Systems Technology, Inc


Delaware Systems Technology, Inc. in California




















Press Room




With more than  30 years in the post press material handling business, Systems Technology, Inc. has the engineering press/folder know-how, signature & paper handling experience , and the broadest range of products and auxiliaries to create and to service the best possible solutions, for any signature handling need.   We can provide everything from single stream drum stackers to rotary trimmers and  compensating stackers to the most complex multi-delivery fully automated stacking and palletizing installations. To see some of our product offerings, click here!









Bindery




Our SuperFeeder hopper loaders for bindery and finishing operations have been engineered, manufactured and assembled to bring you the most reliable hopper loaders in the business.  Our library of applications for the SuperFeeder covers nearly every feeder pocket ever manufactured by a major OEM for perfect binding or saddle stitching lines as well as for polywrapping or inserting machines feeding magazines and inserts.  And if we don’t have a specific design for your pocket, be assured that we can custom design a SuperFeeder so that you can enjoy the benefits of reduced manning, fewer stops, higher speeds and lower costs that the SuperFeeder has built its reputation on. Check out our SuperFeeder line here!
















							©2006 - 2016 - Delaware Systems Technology, Inc. in California												





























 Bindery Products | Systems Technology, Inc


































































 

1351 East Riverview Dr., San Bernardino, CA 92408, USA
+1 909 799 9950
info@systems-technology-inc.com


LinkedinYouTube











Systems Technology, Inc


Delaware Systems Technology, Inc. in California











You are here:HomePress Room & Bindery SolutionsBindery ProductsBindery Products












Bindery Products















125BS – Bindery Stacker













Newsloader™













SuperFeeder™













SuperFeeder™ VPF













SuperFeeder™ XA




























In addition to the full line of bindery equipment featured above, Systems Technology supplies a full line of conveyors and conveyor systems which include overhead conveyors, spiral conveyors, bump turn, flow turns, and a wide variety of conveyors for any press application. 
















































































For more information on conveyor systems, please contact us!


















							©2006 - 2016 - Delaware Systems Technology, Inc. in California												
























