


Leadership  |  FormFactor












































Looking for Cascade Microtech products or services? Click HERE to view the legacy Cascade Microtech website.








Leadership










Mike Slessor
President and Chief Executive Officer
Michael D. Slessor has served as the Chief Executive Officer of FormFactor, Inc. since December 2014, and as a Director since October 2013.  Mike served as President from October 2013 to December 27, 2014, and as Senior Vice President and General Manager, MicroProbe Product Group from October 2012 to October 2013. Before joining FormFactor, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of MicroProbe from July 2008 through the October 2012 closing of FormFactor’s acquisition of MicroProbe. Prior to joining MicroProbe, he held various management, product-marketing, and applications-engineering positions in the semiconductor industry, primarily with KLA-Tencor. Mike received his Ph.D. in Aeronautics and Physics from the California Institute of Technology and his B.A.Sc. in Engineering Physics from the University of British Columbia.







Jarek Kister
CTO and Senior Vice President, Engineering & Product Development
Jarek (January) Kister has served as the CTO and Sr. VP Engineering & Product Development since January, 2014. Prior to this, Jarek served as the CTO & VP Engineering, MicroProbe Product Group from October 2012 to January, 2014. Before joining FormFactor, Jarek was the CTO and VP of Engineering of MicroProbe from April 2004 through the October 2012 closing of FormFactor’s acquisition of MicroProbe. Prior to joining MicroProbe, Jarek served as Vice President of Engineering with Kulicke & Soffa Industries, Test Division from 2000 to 2004. From 1990 to 2000, Mr. Kister served as Director of Engineering and later as Chief Technical Officer with Probe Technology, Inc. Jarek holds more than 30 U.S. patents pertaining to the semiconductor wafer and package test.
Mr. Kister holds an M.S. in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Michigan, and a B.S. in Mechanical Engineering from Polytechnic of Silesia, Poland. He is also a graduate of the Advanced Management Program from the Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley.







Michael M. Ludwig
Chief Financial Officer
Michael M. Ludwig was named Chief Financial Officer in May 2011. He served as Vice President, Finance of FormFactor since December 2009, was a consultant to FormFactor from February 2009 to December 2009, and served as Vice President and Corporate Controller of the Company from April 2001 to April 2007. Mr. Ludwig has also held senior level finance and accounting positions at Force 10 Networks, Inc., a privately held company that builds and secures high performance networks, and at divisions of Tyco Electronics and Beckman Coulter. Mr. Ludwig holds a bachelor of science degree in accounting from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona.







Benjamin Eldridge
Chief Information Officer
Mr. Eldridge was appointed Chief Information Officer in February 2014. Since 2001 he served the company as its Chief Technology Officer and as a Senior Vice President.  After joining FormFactor in 1994, Ben led the development of MEMs MicroSpringTM technology for wafer-level testing of memory and system-on-chip (SoC) devices. He drove the creation and implementation of automation tools for design flow tracking, probe card and probe layout design, as well as the factory automation system used to manage FormFactor’s custom MEMs fab. Prior to joining FormFactor Ben was a research engineer at the IBM TJ Watson Research Laboratory in Yorktown Heights, New York for 10 years, where he worked on medical robotics and surface physics. He holds a Master’s Degree in Physics from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and a Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering from Union College. He is a named inventor on over 200 issued US patents related to MicroSpringTM technology and wafer test.







Amy Leong
Senior Vice President, Marketing & Customer Solutions
Amy Leong has been with FormFactor since October 2012. Prior to this, Amy was the VP of Marketing at MicroProbe from April 2010 through the October 2012 closing of FormFactor’s acquisition of MicroProbe. Before joining MicroProbe, Ms. Leong worked at Gartner, Inc. as a Research Director from 2008 to 2010 and covered the ASSP system-on-chip and microcontroller markets. From 2003 to 2008, Ms. Leong worked at FormFactor where she served as Senior Director of Corporate Strategic Marketing and Director of DRAM Product Marketing. Prior to FormFactor, Ms. Leong worked in a variety of semiconductor process engineering and product marketing roles at KLA-Tencor and IBM.
Ms. Leong holds an M.S. in Material Science and Engineering from Stanford University and a B.S. in Chemical Engineering from the University of California, Berkeley.







Claus Dietrich
Vice President and General Manager, Cascade Systems Business Unit
Dr. Claus Dietrich joined Cascade Microtech (now a FormFactor company) as part of the acquisition of SUSS MicroTec’s Test Division in January 2010. Dr. Dietrich was division manager of the SUSS MicroTec Test Division from 2005 until the acquisition in January, when he became general manager in Europe for Cascade Microtech’s probe systems and engineering probes. Claus began working at Karl Suss Dresden GmbH in 1991 as director of engineering, and become international product manager of SUSS MicroTec Test Systems in 1995. Dr. Dietrich holds a Dr.-Ing. in mechanical engineering from Technische Universitat Dresden.







Matt Losey
Senior Vice President and General Manager, FormFactor Probes Business Unit
Matt Losey joined FormFactor in 2011 and has served as Sr. VP, Operations and Quality since January, 2015. Before this, he served as VP of Manufacturing since February, 2014.  Prior to joining FormFactor, Matt has held various positions in the semiconductor and microsystems industries, including Applied Materials, Texas Instruments, Sandia National Labs, and notably Advantest America where he served as the VP of Engineering for the probecard unit acquired from Verigy.
Dr. Losey received his Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and his B.S. in Chemical Engineering from Stanford University.







Mark Stager
Vice President and General Manager, Cascade Probes Business Unit
Mark has over 30 years of experience in a broad array of operations and engineering management positions in semiconductor fabrication. Prior to joining Cascade Microtech (in 2011), a FormFactor company, Mark spent five years as site director of ON Semiconductor’s high-volume 8” CMOS factory in Gresham, Oregon (purchased from LSI Logic in 2006). From 1998 to 2006 Mr. Stager was operations director of the same factory under LSI Logic. Mark joined LSI Logic in 1988 as a manufacturing engineering manager producing gate array devices. Mark began his career as an engineer for GE Intersil and Fairchild, where he was responsible for semiconductor package design and coordinating offshore assembly operations. Mr. Stager holds a BSME from California State University at Fresno, and an MBA from San Jose State University.







Tim Mueller
Vice President, Global Human Resources
Tim Mueller has served as Vice President of Human Resources since July 2016. Prior to joining FormFactor, Tim held various operations, engineering and human resource leadership positions within the semiconductor industry with Intel and Atmel corporations, as well as two-years leading an NGO community rebuilding effort in the wake of Hurricane Katrina. Tim holds a B.S. degree in Business Administration from San Jose State University, and a Senior Professional designation through the Society of Human Resource Management.







Robert Selley
Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales & Service
Robert Selley has served as Vice President of Worldwide Sales and Service since June 2016. Prior to its acquisition by FormFactor, Rob served as Vice President, Sales and Service for Cascade Microtech from September 2013 until June 2016. In this role he built a team and processes that significantly contributed to Cascade Microtech’s impressive revenue and profit growth.
Rob has over 20 years of global sales and business development experience, building relationships with the Global 500/Fortune 100 companies in both the semiconductor industry and in the network applications markets. Prior to Cascade Microtech, he led the international sales organizations at both Apcon and ONPATH Technologies. Rob played a key role in positioning ONPATH Technologies as a market leader prior to its acquisition by NetScout Systems in November of 2012. Prior to that, he spent 16 years at Electro Scientific Industries (ESI) in a variety of executive sales roles including director of both sales operations and Asia sales, and director of global sales for their Semiconductor Products Group. In addition, he served as general manager for ESI’s Laser Trim Solutions Group.
Rob received his BA in International Business from California State University Fullerton and his MBA from California State University San Marcos.







Jason Cohen
Vice President and General Counsel
Jason Cohen joined Formfactor as Vice President and General Counsel, in August, 2015. Jason has over 20 years of experience as an international corporate and technology lawyer. Prior to joining FormFactor, Jason held leadership positions at Ubiquiti Networks, EasyMed Technologies, STMicroelectronics, and Gemalto/Gemplus, managing a full range of legal affairs to support these public multi-national technology companies. From 1994 to 1999, Jason represented clients as a member of the Corporate & High Technology Group of Landels, Ripley & Diamond LLP, and in the litigation practice of Wilson, Ryan & Campilongo PLC.
Jason received his Juris Doctor from the University of California, Hastings College of Law, and a bachelor’s degree in economics from the University of California, Santa Cruz, with highest honors.
















	Products | Microchip Technology Inc.





















































‹








Products
Applications
Design Support
Sample and Buy
About Us
Contact Us
myMicrochip Login








Microcontrollers and Microprocessors 

8-bit MCUs 
16-bit MCUs 
32-bit MCUs 
32-bit MPUs 



Analog 


Amplifiers and Linear

Amplifiers and Linear Overview 
Operational Amplifiers 
Instrumentation Amplifiers 
Comparators 
PGA 
Power/Current Monitors 



Data Converters

Data Converters Overview 
Analog-to-Digital Converter 
Digital Potentiometers 
Digital-to-Analog Converters 
Power and Energy Measurement 
F/V and V/F Converters 
Power/Current Sensors 
Voltage References 



High-Voltage Interface

High-Voltage Interface Overview 
MOSFETs – Interface 
Driver Arrays 
Amplifiers/MEMS Drivers 
Application Specific 


Motor Drivers 

CO and Smoke Detection

CO and Smoke Detector ICs 
Horn Driver ICs 



Thermal Management

Thermal Management Overview 
Local Temperature Sensors 
Remote Temperature Sensors 
Fan Controller ICs 
Thermocouple ICs 



Ultrasound Products

Ultrasound Product Overview 
Analog Multiplexers/Switches 
Beamformer Source Drivers 
Complimentary MOSFET Arrays 
Continuous Transmit Pulsers 
Continuous Wave (CW) Transmitters 
Transmit/Receive (T/R) Switch ICs 
Ultrasound MOSFET Drivers 





Power Management 

Power Management Overview 
Voltage References 
Battery Management 
Charge Pumps 
System Supervisors/Voltage Detectors 
LDO Regulators 
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers 
PWM Controllers 
Inductorless Offline Switching Regulators 
Switching Regulators 
Voltage Detectors 
Power Modules 
Power Switches 
High Voltage Linear Regulators 



Clock and Timing 

Overview 
Clock Generation 
Oscillators 
Clock and Data Distribution 
Real-time Clock 



High-Speed Networking and Video 

Overview 
Ethernet 
ARCNET 
CoaXpress® 
Fiber Optic Module Chipsets 
Video Equalizers 
Video Transceivers 
Video Sub-Systems 
Clock and Data Recovery ICs 







Interface and Connectivity 

CoaXpress® 
CAN 
Infrared 
LIN 
Serial Peripherals 
USB 



Display and LED Drivers 

Display and LED Drivers Overview 
Electroluminescent Backlight Drivers 
Automotive LED Drivers 
Backlight LED Drivers 
General-Purpose LED Drivers 
Linear Current Regulators 
Sequential Linear LED Drivers 
Camera Flash Drivers 



Embedded Controllers and Super I/O 

Embedded Controllers and Super I/O Overview 
Desktop and Super I/O 
Embedded and Keyboard Controllers 
Expansion and Legacy I/O 



Programmable Logic 

SPLD/CPLD 
FPGA 
FPGA Configuration Memory 



Memory 

Serial EEPROM 
Serial EERAM 
Serial SRAM 
Serial Flash 
Parallel Flash 
Parallel EEPROM 
OTP EPROM 







Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - Turnkey    Multi-touch Solutions 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 



Wireless 

Wireless Connectivity 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® Technology 
MiWi™ Protocol 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 
802.15.4 
Sigfox 
RF Identification 
IR Control 
Wireless Audio 



Smart Energy/Metering 

Overview 
Metering 
Power Line Communications 
Wireless Communications 



Rad Hard 

Overview 
Rad Hard ASICs 
Rad Hard Communication ICs 
Rad Hard FPGAs 
Rad Hard Memories 
Rad Hard Processors 
Rad Tolerant Devices 



Security ICs 

Security ICs Overview 

CryptoAuthentication

Overview 
Geting Started 
SHA Based 
ECC Based 
ECC-AWS IoT Based 
AES Based 



Trusted Platform Module

Overview 
TCG Version 1.2 



CryptoRF

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoRF 
CryptoRF Reader 



CryptoMemory

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 3.6V) 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 5.5V) 









Curiosity Development Board

Your next embedded design idea has a new home. Curiosity is a cost-effective, fully-integrated 8-bit development platform targeted at first-time users, makers and those seeking a feature-rich rapid prototyping board




MCP6V9X

This family of operational amplifiers provides input offset voltage correction for very low offset and offset drift, with a gain bandwidth product of 10 MHz.




DSC6000

The new DSC6000 family is the industry's smallest MEMS MHz oscillator with the lowest power consumption over full frequency range of 2 KHz to 100 MHz.




GigEpack Ethernet Products

Advanced design techniques ensure reliable operation under extreme conditions while stripping away complexity and advancing ease-of-use, the GigEpack provides three key elements: Certified Products, free drivers and copy-ready evaluation boards, and Microchip’s free LANCheck® design check service. Together, they ensure interoperability, rapid development and robust board design.




UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement the revolutionary USB-C™ connector in practically any consumer, industrial or automotive application.




HV9805

The HV9805 features a PFC boost converter with valley/ZCD switching that reduces system cost by lessening the thermal and optical design requirements. The linear post-regular provides True DC lighting with no flickering and the configurable to SEPIC technology supports lower LED string voltage.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




SST26WF080B/040B

Manufactured with SuperFlash® technology that provides the industry's fastest erase times, the SST26WF080B (8 Mbit) and SST26WF040B (4 Mbit) are approximately 300 times faster than competitive devices.




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.








 Aerospace and Defense
 Audio and Speech

Automotive 

Automotive Solutions 
Automotive Connectivity 
Functional Safety 


 Battery Management
 CAN
 Computing

Displays 

Graphical Displays 
Segmented LCD 


 Embedded Security

Ethernet 

Ethernet Overview 
Ethernet of Everything 
USB-to-Ethernet 
Ethernet Controllers 
Ethernet Switches 
Ethernet PHYs 
EtherCAT® 






 High Temperature
 Home Appliance
 Intelligent Power
 Internet of Things
 Lighting
 Low Power
 LIN
 Medical

Metering 

Metering Overview 
Electric Meter 
Gas, Water and Heat Flow Meters 
Power Monitoring 






 Motor Control and Drive
 Power Monitoring
 Smart Energy/Metering
 Smartphone Accessories

Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - automotive and industrial touch screens 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 



USB 

USB Overview 
USB Hubs and Devices 
USB PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs 


 Wireless Audio

Wireless Connectivity 

Wireless Connectivity Overview 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® 
MiWi™ 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 







Lower Power High Performance ADC

Microchip is committed to providing military grade products for integration into present and future aerospace and defense sector programs. Our complete portfolio of microcontrollers, power, analog, digital, memory, RF, mixed-signal and interface




PIC32 Bluetooth Audio Development Kit (DV320032)

This kit delivers the hardware and software needed to develop digital audio docking applications with USB or Bluetooth connectivity. Preloaded demo code enables audio streaming via USB or Bluetooth.




OS82150

The OS82150 integrates a coaxial cable driver and coaxial receiver, extending the usage of coaxial cabling to enable powerful automotive infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




MCP73871 Fully Integrated Linear Solution

The MCP73871 device is a 1A fully integrated linear solution for system load sharing and Li-Ion / Li-Polymer battery charge management with AC-DC wall adapter and USB port power sources selection. It's also capable of autonomous power source selection between input or battery.




CAN FD Transceiver Family

The CAN Flexible Data Rate (CAN FD) Transceiver family helps CAN systems meet the physical layer requirement for CAN FD systems, and is one of only a few CAN FD transceivers approved by auto OEMs.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




TC7106A

The TC7106A 3½ digit LCD direct-display drive analog-to-digital converters allow existing TC7106-based systems to be upgraded. Each device has a precision reference with a 20ppm/°C max temperature coefficient. This represents a 4-7 times improvement over similar 3½ digit converters.




PIC24FJ128GB204

The new PIC24F "GB4" family expands Microchip's eXtreme Low Power portfolio and includes an integrated hardware crypto engine with both OTP and Key RAM options for secure key storage, up to 256 KB of Flash memory and a direct drive for segmented LCD displays, in 64-, 100- or 121-pin packages.




LAN9352/LAN9352i

The LAN9352/LAN9352i is a high-performance, small-footprint, full-featured 2-port managed Ethernet switch and is application-optimized for consumer, embedded and Industrial designs.




MCP2561/2 FD

This is a second generation high-speed CAN transceiver that guarantees Loop Delay Symmetry in order to support higher data rates required for CAN FD. Maximum propagation delay was improved to support longer bus length. The device meets the automotive requirements for CAN FD bit rates exceeding 5 Mbps.




Class B Safety Software Library

Microchip has developed a library of low-level software routines and hardware peripherals that simplify meeting IEC 60730 requirements for Class B Safety. Each product family (PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, dsPIC® DSC and PIC32) has functions specifically designed to work efficiently with the available resources.




dsPIC33EP "GS" Family for Digtal Power Applications

This family delivers the performance needed to implement more sophisticated non-linear, predictive & adaptive control algorithms at higher switching frequencies. These advanced algorithms enable power supply designs that are more energy efficient & have better power supply specifications.




WCM and ECM Development Kits

Microchip's WCM (Wi-Fi® Client Module) and ECM (Ethernet Client Module) development kits are designed to enable you to quickly and easily connect an embedded system to a cloud-based server, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). This will reduce the learning curve and help you get connected to the cloud quickly.




Smart Lights are Better Lights

Microchip's PIC® microcontrollers with intelligent analog integration like the PIC16F176X family make it possible to get advanced features such as digital control to smooth dimming, as well as color temperature tuning, usage-based lifetime prediction and networked communication for monitoring and control.




PIC24FJ256GB412

PIC24F 16-bit microcontroller featuring integrated Hardware Crypto module and eXtreme Low Power. This family also includes 256 KB Flash, 16 KB RAM, USB, LCD and advanced peripherals. The combination of features makes the part ideally suited for low-power embedded security applications.




OS82150

The OS82150 extends the usage of coaxial cabling to powerful infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




Is Your Medical Device Design Secured?

Is your medical device design truly secured? Microchip's full line of security products, including MCUs, wireless products and software libraries, can secure your medical device designs from the ground up.




MCP39F511

The MCP39F511 is a highly integrated, single-phase power-monitoring IC designed for real-time measurement of input power for AC/DC power supplies, providing power and energy values. It includes dual-channel delta sigma ADCs, a 16-bit calculation engine, EEPROM and a flexible 2-wire interface.




MCP8026

This is a 3-Phase brushless gate driver with power module & 5 µA (typ) sleep-mode current. It integrates three half-bridge drivers to drive external NMOS/NMOS transistor pairs configured to drive a 3-phase BLDC motor, a comparator, a voltage regulator to provide bias to a companion microcontroller & power monitoring comparators.




dsPIC33EP32MC202

The dsPIC33E family of digital signal controllers (DSCs) features a 70 MIPS dsPIC® DSC core with integrated DSP and enhanced on-chip peripherals. These DSCs enable the design of high-performance, precision motor control systems that are more energy efficient, quieter in operation.




Single-Burner Induction Cooktop Reference Design

This cost-effective single-burner induction cooktop reference design is a fully functional single-burner unit that achieves greater than 90%* efficiency and consumes less than 0.5W power during standby. The user interface implements mTouch® sensing solutions.




Smartphone Accessory

New accessories are emerging in sports/fitness, wellness, financial transactions markets. Microchip's accessory development kits make it easy to development your accessory products with fast time-to-market!




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement USB-C in practically any application, whether consumer, industrial, or automotive.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.








 New to Microchip?

Development Tools 

Development Tools Overview 
Demonstration and Evaluation Boards 

Software Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Software Solutions 
MPLAB® X IDE 
MPLAB® XC Compilers 
MPLAB® Code Configurator 
MPLAB® Xpress 
MPLAB® Harmony 
Microchip Libraries for Applications 
Software Libraries 
Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 



Hardware Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Emulators 
Emulation Extention Paks 
Programmers 



Software Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Atmel Studio IDE 
Data Visualizer 
Compilers 
Atmel START 
MCU Software Library 
Atmel Gallery 



Hardware Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Debuggers 
Programmers 



Design and Simulation Tools

CAD/CAE Symbols 
SPICE Models 
MPLAB® Mindi™ Analog Simulator 
MindiSWLib 
IBIS Models 
Clockworks® Configurator 
BSDL 


Third-Party Development Tools 



Documentation 

Application Notes 
Data Sheets 
Erratas 
Packaging Specifications 
Programming Specifications 
Reference Manuals 
User Guides 
Product Briefs 
Migration Documents 



Training 

Training Overview 
Developer Help Wiki 
Webinars 
Microchip Videos 
MASTERs Conference 
Technical Training Center 






 Forums
 Design Partner Network
 Product Change Notification

Quality and Reliability 

Quality 
Reliability 






 Technical Support

Software 

Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 


 Config Tool for Oscillators & Clocks





Need Help?

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.




PICKIT™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer

Microchip's PICkit™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer uses in-circuit debugging logic incorporated into each chip with Flash memory to provide a low-cost hardware debugger and programmer. In-circuit debugging offers low cost, minimum additional debug hardware and no expensive sockets or adapters




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Conferences, Tradeshows and Events

Microchip attends conferences and events around the world, visit our events page to see where we will be exhibiting next.




Microchip in the Press

View our latest announcements on products, corporate news and investor press announcements.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or about content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.








 Global Sales and Distribution
 microchipDIRECT
 Samples




 Programming Center
 Samples FAQ
 Sales Support




 Find Your Sales Office
 Getting Started With Microchip Products





Subscribe to MicroSolutions

Published six times a year, MicroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information to give you a competitive edge and help you meet your design goals. In each issue, you'll get an update on our new products and development tools, find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used by developers of a variety of applications.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.









Company Information 

About 
Corporate Overview 
Acquisitions 
Notice of Fraudulent Behavior 



Leadership 

Leadership Overview 
Board of Directors 
Appointed Officers 


 Investor Relations

Careers 

Careers Overview 
Microchip's Culture 
US Benefits 
Meet Your Recruiter 
Career Ladder 
Hiring Process 
Employee Testimonials 







Media Center 

Press Releases 
RSS Feeds 
Microchip Videos 


 MicroSolutions Digital Magazine
 Tradeshows and Events
 Academic Program





Corporate Responsibility 

Corporate Responsibility Overview 
Ethics and Conduct 
Sustainability 
Conflict Minerals 
Environment 
Community 
Products 
Customers 
Employees 
Environmental Health and Safety 



Legal Information 

Legal Information Overview 
General Product Legal Information 
Microchip Trademarks 
Microchip Patents 
Website Usage and Limitation of Liability 
Microchip Terms and Conditions of Sale 
Privacy Policy 
Copyrighted Material 
Procedure for Making a Claim of Copyrighted Infringement 


 Export Control Data
 Contact Us



























Products





8-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip is the market leader in 8-bit microcontrollers, including both PIC® and AVR® microcontrollers with easy-to-use development tools, complete technical documentation and post design-in support through a global sales and distribution network.  With unique peripherals, these devices allow you to perform application functions autonomously in hardware, and can be configured with our graphical programming environments and cloud-based tools to help reduce development time.





16-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip's 16-bit, PIC24 MCUs and dsPIC® Digital Signal Controllers deliver more performance, low power consumption, flexible peripherals, and a complete development ecosystem of software and hardware tools to speed your development.  With specialized peripherals for motor control, digital power conversion, low power security and advance analog integration, the 16-bit family offers a good compromise between low cost, low power and high performance.





32-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip's 32-bit portfolio, with both PIC32 and SAM devices, delivers high performance, with plenty of memory to solve increasingly complex embedded system design challenges.  From simple USB device connectivity to RTOS-driven graphical user interface applications with advanced audio processing, 32-bit devices can meet your most demanding design requirements. 






Amplifiers & Linear
Microchip's broad portfolio linear products featuring Amplifiers, Comparators and PGAs are ideal for wide variety of applications in industrial, medical, consumer and automotive markets for its low power consumption and small form factor.

Operational Amplifiers
Instrumentation Amplifiers
Comparators
PGA & SGA





Data Converters
Microchip's low cost D/A converter product families feature low power operation down to 175µA with 8, 10 and 12-bit resolutions. I2C or SPI interface, non-volatile memory and internal voltage reference options are available.

Analog–to–Digital Converters
DAC & Digital Potentiometers
Energy Measurement





Interface
Interface family are low cost, feature rich and helps reduce system costs which then increase robustness.

CAN
Ethernet 
Infrared
LIN
Serial Peripherals
USB






Motor Drivers
Microchip offers devices to drive bipolar stepper motors, or bidirectional control of two DC motors. MTS2916A and MTS62C19A offers features that helps with cost efficiency and meet market demands.




Power Management
Microchip strategizes on energy to reduce costs, manage risks and increase efficiency.

Battery Management 
Charge Pumps
CPU/System Supervisors
LDO Regulators
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers
PWM Controllers 
Switching Regulators
Voltage Detectors





Safety & Security

Microchip offers a broad portfolio of low power  I.C.s for ionization and photoelectric smoke detection and CO detection. This offer includes analog front ends, piezoelectric horn drivers and complete solution I.C.s for traditional smoke detectors and and ten year smoke detectors.


﻿Horn Drivers 
Smoke and CO﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ 







Thermal Management
Temperature Sensors are useful in thermometer circuits, temperature compensation applications as well as a wide array of general purpose replacements for older thermistor technology.

Brushless DC Fan Controllers
Closed Loop Fan Controllers
Sensor Conditioning ICs
Temperature Sensors 





Memory
Microchip's broad portfolio of memory devices includes Serial EEPROM, Serial Flash, Parallel Flash, Serial SRAM and NVSRAM. Innovative low power designs and extensive testing have ensured industry leading robustness and endurance along with best-in-class quality.

Serial EEPROM
Serial SRAM
Serial Flash
Parallel Flash





Touch and Input Sensing
Microchip's award winning technology covers a broad range of implementations for touch and other input sensing applications. Engineers have the freedom to innovate with an industry leading, robust, touch implementation on our vast range of PIC microcontrollers.

Proximity, Keys and Sliders
Touch Screens and Touch Pads
3D Tracking and Gesture Sensing
Haptics






Wireless
Microchip offers a broad portfolio of wireless solutions which are cost effective and very easy to implement. Depending on your application requirements, you can choose the product that fits your needs.

Infrared
Power Amplifiers
Radio Frequency





Real-Time Clock
Microchip supports a wide range of Real-Time Clocks from basic low cost devices to a variety of mid-range devices that are highly integrated with a usable amount of non-volatile memory and a combination of features that are very effective when operating within a single battery backed clock device. With, both I2C and SPI RTCCs available, various applications can be supported at a price that is lower than competitive devices with fewer features and lower performance.






















FormFactor, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Annual Results (NASDAQ:FORM)

















 






Feb 8, 2017



 Previous Release | Next Release 


PDF


FormFactor, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Annual Results
FormFactor delivers solid fourth quarter and annual results, provides view of continued growth in 2017

LIVERMORE, Calif., Feb.  08, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- FormFactor, Inc. (Nasdaq:FORM) today announced its financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 ended December 31, 2016. Revenues were $123.9 million, up 0.5% from $123.3 million reported in the third quarter and up 73% from the fourth quarter of 2015. 
For fiscal 2016, FormFactor posted revenues of $383.9 million, up 36% from $282.4 million in fiscal 2015. "FormFactor delivered solid growth fueled by our transformative acquisition of Cascade Microtech, which provided significant product and market diversification, as well as growth in our core probe card business as we doubled capacity for our largest foundry and logic customer," said Mike Slessor, CEO of FormFactor, Inc. "In addition, we are pleased to have extended our leadership position, supported the advancement of our customers' product roadmaps and accelerated our earnings performance." 
Fourth Quarter Highlights On a GAAP basis, net loss for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was $15.4 million, or $0.22 per fully-diluted share, compared to a net loss for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 of $14.2 million, or $0.20 per fully-diluted share, and a net loss for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 of $0.6 million, or $0.01 per fully-diluted share. Net loss for fiscal 2016 was $6.6 million or $0.10 per fully-diluted share, compared to a net loss of $1.5 million, or $0.03, per fully-diluted share for fiscal 2015. On a non-GAAP basis, net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was $14.4 million, 
or $0.20 per fully-diluted share, compared to net income for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 of $15.9 million, or $0.22 per fully-diluted share, and net income for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 of $5.8 million, or $0.10 per fully-diluted share. On a non-GAAP basis, net income for fiscal 2016 was $32.0 million, or $0.49 per fully-diluted share, compared to net income of $21.8 million, or $0.37 per fully-diluted share for fiscal 2015. A reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP net income and net income per share is provided in the schedules included below. Cash generation in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was $2.1 million, compared to cash usage in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 of $10.8 million and cash generation 
of $3.8 million for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. Excluding cash attributable to the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, free cash flow generation for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was $15.2 million. A reconciliation of net cash provided from operating activities to free cash flow generation is provided in the schedules included below. The Company's Board of Directors has authorized a $25 million share repurchase program to offset potential dilution from sales of common stock under the Company's employee stock purchase plan and exercises of Company stock options. The Company intends to use the proceeds it receives from these sales and exercises to buy back shares in the open market. The share repurchase program will expire on February 1, 2020. 
Outlook Dr. Slessor added, "With our diversified end market exposure amplified by some key customer wins, we are experiencing a strong start to 2017. Although our visibility remains limited into the second half, as long as these market conditions continue, we expect to deliver between $480 and $500 million of revenue in fiscal 2017, driven by line of sight growth opportunities in each of our target markets." The Company currently expects first quarter 2017 revenue to be between $120 million to $128 million. Within the business segments, revenue levels of both the Probe Cards and Systems segments are expected to approximate Q4 2016 levels. For the first quarter ending on April 1, 
2017, FormFactor is providing the following guidance*:  U.S. GAAP ReconcilingItems** Non-GAAPRevenue$120 million to $128 million —  $120 million to $128 millionGross Margin34% to 37% $8 million   41% to 44%Net income (loss) per diluted share$0.00 to $0.06  $0.17 $0.17 to $0.23 *This guidance assumes consistent foreign currency rates**Reconciling items are stock based 
compensation and amortization of intangibles  Free cash flow generation for the first quarter ending on April 1, 2017, is forecasted to be $13 million to $15 million excluding acquisition related payments. The Company has posted its revenue breakdown by region and market segment on the Investors section of its website at www.formfactor.com. FormFactor will conduct a conference call at 1:30 p.m. PST, or 4:30 p.m. EST, today. The public is invited to listen to a live webcast of FormFactor's conference call on the Investor Relations section of the Company's 
web site at www.formfactor.com. A telephone recording of the conference call will be available approximately two hours after the conclusion of the call. The recording will be available by telephone through February 10, 2017, 7:30 p.m. PST, and can be accessed by dialing (855) 859-2056 (domestic) or (404) 537-3406 (international) and entering confirmation code 56854612. The recording will also be available on the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information: To supplement our condensed consolidated financial results prepared 
under generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we disclose certain non-GAAP measures of non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per fully-diluted share that are adjusted from the nearest GAAP financial measure to exclude certain costs, expenses and gains. Reconciliations of the adjustments to GAAP results for the three months and fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 are provided below. Information regarding the ways in which management uses non-GAAP financial information to evaluate its business, management's reasons for using this non-GAAP financial information, and limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial information, is included under "About our Non-GAAP Net Income and Adjustments" following the tables below. About FormFactor: FormFactor, Inc. (NASDAQ:FORM), is a worldwide leader in essential test technologies and expertise, including a broad portfolio of high-performance probe cards, engineering probes, probe stations and reliability test systems. For semiconductor companies and scientific institutions, FormFactor delivers access to electrical information from wafers, integrated circuits (ICs), IC packages, optical devices, and more. Customers use FormFactor's products and services to lower overall production costs, improve their yields, and enable complex next-generation ICs. The Company services customers through its network of facilities in Asia, 
Europe, and North America. For more information, visit the Company's website at www.formfactor.com. Forward-looking Statements: This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including with respect to the Company's future financial and operating results, the Company's plans, strategies and objectives for future operations, the anticipated results of the acquisition of Cascade Microtech and anticipated stock repurchases. These statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs as of the date hereof, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, expected financial synergies, gross margins, profitability and earnings accretion; future financial and operating results; benefits of the acquisition of Cascade Microtech; potential synergies and cost savings; the ability of the Company to drive growth and expand customer and partner relationships; the plans, strategies and objectives of the Company for future operations; the expected 
development, performance, market share or competitive performance relating to the Company's products and services; anticipated stock repurchases; and other statements regarding the Company's business. Forward-looking statements may contain words such as "may," "might," "will," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," and "continue," the negative or plural of these words and similar expressions, and include the assumptions that underlie such statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements: failure of the Company to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition of Cascade Microtech; the Company's ability to remain in compliance with the terms of its debt financing; changes in demand for the Company's products; industry seasonality; 
risks to the Company's ability to realize operational efficiencies; changes in the market, macro-economic environments, and other factors, including those set forth in the Company's most current annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. No assurances can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will transpire or occur, or if any of them do so, what impact they will have on the results of operations or financial condition of the Company. Unless required by law, the Company is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or revise its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. FORM-F  FORMFACTOR, INC.CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS  (In thousands, except per share amounts)  (Unaudited)  Three Months Ended Fiscal Year Ended December31, 2016 December26, 2015 December31, 2016 December26, 2015Revenues$123,888  $71,782  $383,881  $282,358 Cost of revenues83,613  50,591  281,199  196,620 Gross profit40,275  21,191  102,682  85,738 Operating Expenses:       Research and development18,218 
 11,236  57,453  44,184 Selling, general and administrative23,890  10,719  73,444  45,090 Restructuring and impairment charges, net12,697  (3) 19,692  567 Total operating expenses54,805  21,952  150,589  89,841 Operating loss(14,530) (761) (47,907) (4,103)Interest income, net59  70 
 327  285 Other income (expense), net(946) (36) (2,615) 2,547 Loss before income taxes(15,417) (727) 
(50,195) (1,271)Provision (benefit) for income taxes26  (108) 
(43,638) 252 Net loss$(15,443) $(619) $(6,557) $(1,523)        Net loss per share:       Basic and diluted$(0.22) $(0.01) $(0.10) $(0.03)        Weighted average number of shares used in per share calculations:       Basic and diluted70,807  58,128  
64,941  57,850                FORMFACTOR, INC.RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP NET INCOME (In thousands, except per share amounts)  (Unaudited)  Three Months Ended Fiscal Year Ended December31, 2016 December26, 2015 December31, 2016 December26, 2015        GAAP net loss$(15,443) $(619) $(6,557) $(1,523)Adjustments to reconcile GAAP net loss to Non-GAAP net income:       Deferred revenue640  —  903 
 — Stock-based compensation3,245  3,060  10,722  11,575 Restructuring and impairment charges, net12,697  (3) 19,692  567 Acquisition and integration 
related expenses699  35  7,459  231 Amortization of intangibles, inventory and fixed assets fair value adjustment due to acquisition13,059  3,359  45,527  13,509 Income tax valuation allowance release(197) —  (44,048) — Loss contingency781  —  781  — Other income(145) —  (145) — Proceeds from sale of intellectual property—  —  (400) — Gain on sale of intellectual property—  —  —  (1,040)Business interruption insurance claim recovery—  —  —  (1,521)Income 
tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments(920) —  (1,907) — Non-GAAP net income$14,416  $5,832  $32,027  $21,798         Non-GAAP net income per share:       Basic$0.20  $0.10  $0.49  $0.38 Diluted$0.20  $0.10  $0.49  $0.37         Weighted-average number of shares used in per share calculations:       Basic70,807  58,128  64,941  57,850 Diluted72,116  59,138
  65,948  59,069                FORMFACTOR, INC.RECONCILIATION OF CASH PROVIDED FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES TO FREE CASH FLOW FOR THETHREE MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2016  (In 
thousands)  (Unaudited) Net cash provided from operating activities  $15,170 Adjustments to reconcile GAAP cash provided from operating activities to free cash flow:   Acquisition-related payments 
in working capital2,046   Debt-related interest expense1,255   Capital expenditures(3,304)   (3) (3)Free cash flow  $15,167          FORMFACTOR, INC.CONDENSED 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  (In thousands)(Unaudited)  December 31,2016 December 26,2015ASSETS   
Current assets:   Cash and cash equivalents$101,408  $146,264 Marketable securities7,497  41,325 Accounts receivable, net70,225  36,725 Inventories, net59,806  27,223 Restricted cash106  — Refundable income taxes1,391  — Prepaid expenses and other current assets14,270  6,481 Total current assets254,703  258,018 Restricted cash1,082  435 Property, plant and equipment, net42,663  23,853 Goodwill188,010  30,731 Intangibles, net126,608  25,552 Deferred tax assets3,310  3,281 Other assets3,615  853 Total assets$619,991  $342,723 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY   Current 
liabilities:   Accounts payable$35,084  $18,072 Accrued liabilities30,184  21,507 Current portion of term loan12,701  — Income taxes payable442  110 Deferred revenue5,305  3,892 Total current liabilities83,716  43,581 Long-term income taxes payable1,315  1,069 Term loan, less current portion125,475  — Deferred tax liabilities3,703  — Deferred rent and other liabilities4,726  3,392 Total liabilities218,935  48,042 Commitments and contingencies   Stockholders' 
equity:   Common stock and capital in excess of par value833,412  718,962 Accumulated other comprehensive loss(3,740) (2,222)Accumulated deficit(428,616) (422,059)Total stockholders' equity401,056  294,681 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity$619,991  $342,723          About our Non-GAAP Net Income and Adjustments: We believe that the presentation of non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP earnings per fully-diluted share and free cash flow provides supplemental information that we believe are important to understanding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of 
operations. Non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per fully-diluted share are among the primary indicators used by management as a basis for planning and forecasting future periods, and by management and our board of directors to determine whether our operating performance has met certain targets and thresholds. Management uses non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per fully-diluted share when evaluating operating performance because it believes that the exclusion of the items indicated herein, for which the amounts or timing may vary significantly depending upon the Company's activities and other factors, facilitates comparability of the Company's operating performance from period to period. We use free cash flow to conduct and evaluate our business as an additional way of viewing our liquidity that, when viewed with our GAAP results, provides a more complete understanding of 
factors and trends affecting our cash flows. Many investors also prefer to track free cash flow, as opposed to only GAAP earnings. Free cash flow has limitations due to the fact that it does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures, and therefore it is important to view free cash flow as a complement to our entire consolidated statements of cash flows. We have chosen to provide this non-GAAP information to investors so they can analyze our operating results closer to the way that management does, and use this information in their assessment of our business and the valuation of our company. We compute non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP fully-diluted earnings per share by adjusting GAAP net income (loss) and GAAP earnings per fully-diluted share to remove the impact of certain adjustments and the tax effect of those adjustments. These non-GAAP measures 
are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, GAAP and may be materially different from other non-GAAP measures, including similarly titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies. The presentation of this additional information should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or superior to, net income (loss) or earnings per fully-diluted share prepared in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. We may expect to continue to incur expenses of a nature similar to the non-GAAP adjustments described above, and exclusion of these items from our non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP earnings per fully-diluted share should not be construed as an inference that these costs are unusual, infrequent or non-recurring. For more information on the 
non-GAAP adjustments, please see the table captioned "Reconciliation of non-GAAP Net Income" included in this press release.
Investor Contact:

Stan Finkelstein

Investor Relations

(925) 290-4321

ir@formfactor.com


Source: FormFactor, Inc.

News Provided by Acquire Media







 

Working at FormFactor, Inc.: Employee Reviews | Indeed.com








Find JobsCompany ReviewsFind SalariesFind ResumesEmployers / Post Job








Upload your resume


Sign in









Find CompaniesFormFactor, Inc.27 reviewsAbout27Reviews69SalariesPhotos68Jobs2Q&AFormFactor, Inc. Employee ReviewsJob Title(all)Process Technician - 2Accounts Payable Clerk - 1Director of Marketing - 1Facility Coordinator - 1Human Resources Coordinator - 1Inspector - 1Integration Engineer - 1Inventory Analyst - 1Manufacturing Engineer - 1Materials Manager - 1Operations Associate - 1Operator - 1Principal Software Engineer - 1Production Intern - 1Senior Machinist - 1Senior Manufacturing Technician - 1Senior Process Engineer - 1Senior Process Technician - 1Senior Program Manager - 1Senior Reliability Engineer - 1Technician - 1Vice President of Marketing - 1Wafer Fabrication Manager - 1Location(all)United States - 26    Carlsbad, CA - 1    Livermore, CA - 22    Pleasanton, CA - 1    San Jose, CA - 2Singapore - 1    Singapore - 1See reviews about:Work-Life BalancePay & BenefitsJob Security & AdvancementManagementCultureFound 26 reviews matching the searchSee all 27 reviews Job Work/Life BalanceCompensation/BenefitsJob Security/AdvancementManagementJob CultureFun to workInventory Control Analyst (Current Employee) –  Livermore, CA 94551 – June 30, 2017RecommendsPositive OutlookApproves of CEOI have been working at FormFactor full-time (More than a year)Pros- Excellent amount of communications and transparency of work from CEO on down. Never seen so much of data shared with employees.- Huge amount of competency CEO on down. No their stuff inside out.- Superb work environment. Totally collaborative.- Very data driven. Obsessively so. If you are engineer , you will love it.- Even when topic matter is tough, Management talks like adults.Was this review helpful?Yes No Report Job Work/Life BalanceCompensation/BenefitsJob Security/AdvancementManagementJob CultureBrilliant engineers and can do work attitudeVice President of Marketing (Current Employee) –  Livermore, CA – December 6, 2012Everyone is high energy and focused on the customer, from senior management down to new engineers. Very dynamic, fast paced environment with challenging market dynamics and competitors.Was this review helpful?Yes No Report Job Work/Life BalanceCompensation/BenefitsJob Security/AdvancementManagementJob CultureHigh Tech place with interesting projects but difficult marketEmployee (Former Employee) –  Livermore, CA – November 22, 2012Nice Technology; Fast Pace Product DevelopmentA lot of meetings and decision making is non-existent (trying to do everything).Difficult business environment due to competition and shrinking market size.Was this review helpful?Yes 2No Report Job Work/Life BalanceCompensation/BenefitsJob Security/AdvancementManagementJob CultureSatisfactoryFinance (Current Employee) –  Livermore, CA – September 27, 2012The company has been restructuring/shrinking since I joined. Employees are pessimistic about the future of the company. According to the "old" people, it was a very fun and exciting company to work for when its revenues is $100M+.However, even with the downturns I enjoyed working here because the easy commute and I gained alot by overcoming each challenges.Proseasy commute and competitive salaryConsshrinking revenue and cost reductionsWas this review helpful?Yes No Report Job Work/Life BalanceCompensation/BenefitsJob Security/AdvancementManagementJob CultureproductivePROCESS TECHNICIAN (Former Employee) –  Livermore, CA – June 17, 2012Productive and fast pace. What I learned in the company was different training and certifications. The management was average, The co-workers are good. It wasn't very difficult. The most enjoyable part was meeting the goals and getting free meals.Was this review helpful?Yes No Report Job Work/Life BalanceCompensation/BenefitsJob Security/AdvancementManagementJob CulturePeople are greatSr. Process Tech (Former Employee) –  Livermore, Ca – January 29, 2012Great company, leading edge stuff, tough business. Good people, good products.Prosgood organizationsConsa little unstable during my tenure.Was this review helpful?Yes No Report« Previous12Review this companySee more FormFactor, Inc. reviewsYou may want to try:all FormFactor, Inc. reviews worldwide (27 reviews)Claimed ProfileReview this companyWant to know more about working here?Ask a question about working or interviewing at FormFactor, Inc.. Our community is ready to answer.Ask a QuestionOverall rating3.8Based on 27 reviews5 stars4 stars3 stars2 stars1 starRatings by categoryWork/Life Balance3.3Compensation/Benefits3.5Job Security/Advancement2.8Management3.0Culture3.5FormFactor, Inc. Reviews by Job TitleProcess Technician (2)Accounts Payable Clerk (1)Director of Marketing (1)Facility Coordinator (1)Human Resources Coordinator (1)FormFactor, Inc. Reviews by LocationLivermore, CASan Jose, CACarlsbad, CAPleasanton, CA





For jobs in Taiwan, visit tw.indeed.comJobs - Browse Companies - Salaries - 









Job Category Trends - Forums - 
Browse Jobs - Tools - API - About - Help Center


©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms


















FormFactor












































Looking for Cascade Microtech products or services? Click HERE to view the legacy Cascade Microtech website.






A Mobile-driven WorldPowered by Amazing Integrated Circuits
Produced by leading Semiconductor Manufacturers
Performance-tested by FormFactor TechnologiesMobile SemiconductorsWhen features and functions compete for power in a compact mobile device, only the most power-efficient ICs will do. That’s why low-power ICs in virtually every smart phone on the planet have been touched by FormFactor technologies.Learn MoreA Mobile-driven WorldPowered by Amazing Integrated Circuits
Produced by leading Semiconductor Manufacturers
Performance-tested by FormFactor TechnologiesComputing SemiconductorsThanks to powerful multi-core processors, the performance speeds and energy-efficiency in servers, PCs and handheld devices continue to soar. And the IC innovation trajectory is enabled by FormFactor’s wafer test probes.Learn MoreA Mobile-driven WorldPowered by Amazing Integrated Circuits
Produced by leading Semiconductor Manufacturers
Performance-tested by FormFactor TechnologiesConsumer SemiconductorsRunning multi-media applications in multi-tasking environments is a heavy lift – even for the most powerful ICs.  FormFactor probes are enabling the ICs that fuel gaming consoles, cameras and other cool consumer products.Learn MoreA Mobile-driven WorldPowered by Amazing Integrated Circuits
Produced by leading Semiconductor Manufacturers
Performance-tested by FormFactor TechnologiesAutomotive SemiconductorsToday’s Connected Car contains 100s of ICs – created with technologies like flip-chip and Cu pillars. FormFactor probe card innovations enable the new applications by increasing throughput, and ensuring device quality and reliability.Learn More 


The FormFactor Approach toCustomer CollaborationEvery probe card project is unique to an individual IC design. So it’s critical that all aspects of the design and build are closely and collaboratively managed. That’s why our partnership with customers begins at the earliest design phase, when we collectively evaluate advanced packaging and wafer test feasibility for new IC designs.
Learn More 

Latest FormFactor NewsFormFactor joins forces withCascade Microtech.See the Transaction Summary08.02.17FormFactor, Inc. Reports Second Quarter ResultsRead More07.25.17FormFactor to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 2Read More06.15.17FormFactor, Inc. to Update Company Strategy at June 28th Analyst CallRead More 


INVESTOR CENTERNASDAQ:  FORMAUG 03 12:33 PM ETPRICE:  14.40 | +1.55 | (+12.06%)AFTER HOURS:  12.85EARNINGS CALL: AUG 02 4:30 PM ETInvestor News 












Form factor - Wikipedia





















 






Form factor

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search




Look up form factor in Wiktionary, the free dictionary.


Form factor or form-factor may refer to:



Contents


1 Design
2 Scattering theory
3 Other sciences



Design[edit]

Form factor (design), an aspect of design which defines and prescribes the size, shape, and other physical specifications of hardware components, particularly in electronics and electronic packaging

Scattering theory[edit]

Form factor (quantum field theory), a semi-empirical formula used in effective quantum field theories
Atomic form factor, or atomic scattering factor, a measure of the amplitude of a wave scattered from an isolated atom
Electric form factor, the Fourier transform of electric charge distribution in space
Magnetic form factor, the Fourier transform of an electric current distribution in space

Other sciences[edit]

Form factor (electronics), characterizing the functional form of oscillating signals
Form factor (radiative transfer) or view factor, the proportion of energy transmitted by that object which can be transferred to another object
Form factor in timber metrics, referring to tree shape




This disambiguation page lists articles associated with the title Form factor.
If an internal link led you here, you may wish to change the link to point directly to the intended article.






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Form_factor&oldid=752734876"					
Categories: Disambiguation pagesHidden categories: All article disambiguation pagesAll disambiguation pages 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschFrançais한국어ҚазақшаNorsk nynorskРусский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 December 2016, at 23:45.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 



























Formfactor, Inc $70,000 Jobs, Employment in Beaverton, OR | Indeed.com



Skip to Job Postings, SearchClose






Find JobsCompany ReviewsFind SalariesFind ResumesEmployers / Post Job







Upload your resume


Sign in







:







What
Where





Advanced Job Search


 

 



 



job title, keywords or company


city, state, or zip



















Formfactor, Inc $70,000 jobs in Beaverton, OR
Filter results by:
Sort by: relevance -
date

You refined by:
$70,000+ (undo)
Salaries estimated if unavailable


Distance:

Exact location only
within 5 miles
within 10 miles
within 15 miles
within 25 miles
within 50 miles
within 100 miles





Job Type




Full-time (822)

Contract (74)

Part-time (17)

Commission (16)

Temporary (3)

Internship (1)






Location




Portland, OR (573)

Beaverton, OR (109)

Vancouver, WA (64)

Hillsboro, OR (60)

Lake Oswego, OR (32)

Wilsonville, OR (18)

Tualatin, OR (10)

Clackamas, OR (9)

Milwaukie, OR (5)

Gresham, OR (4)

Camas, WA (2)

Newberg, OR (2)

Woodburn, OR (1)

Oregon City, OR (1)

Canby, OR (1)
Formfactor, Inc $70,000 jobs nationwide

more »




Company




NIKE INC (114)

Standard Insurance Company (45)

Sonsoft Inc (21)

Southland Industries Inc. (13)

Azad, inc. (13)

Puppet, Inc. (12)

FormFactor, Inc. (12)

comScore (12)

Vestas (12)

DWFritz Automation, Inc (11)

CareOregon, Inc. (11)

Epiq Systems, Inc. (10)

eBay Inc. (10)

Banfield Pet Hospital (10)

Applied Materials Inc. (10)

more »




Experience Level




Mid Level (394)

Senior Level (223)

Entry Level (121)










Jobs 1 to 10 of 901

 Upload your resume - Let employers find you



Senior Innovation Engineer I - Nike Air MI




NIKE INC


 - 

3,757 reviews
 - Beaverton, OR





As our Project Manager/Senior Innovation Engineer I, you will be responsible for Managing Innovation Programs while researching and developing new processes


Nike - 9 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all NIKE INC jobs in Beaverton, OR - Beaverton jobsSalary Search: Senior Engineer salaries in Beaverton, ORLearn more about working at Nike IncNike Inc questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:Do nike work on holidays?How did you get your first interview at NIKE?Related forums: NIKE - Beaverton, Oregon










Consumer Data Scientist




NIKE INC


 - 

3,757 reviews
 - Beaverton, OR





Nike’s Global Consumer Knowledge team is a growing team responsible for building and deepening the holistic view of Nike’s consumers through data and analytics


Nike - 13 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all NIKE INC jobs in Beaverton, OR - Beaverton jobsSalary Search: Data Scientist salaries in Beaverton, ORLearn more about working at Nike IncNike Inc questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:Do nike work on holidays?How did you get your first interview at NIKE?Related forums: NIKE - Beaverton, Oregon










Manufacturing Engineer




Davis Tool, Inc.


 - 

2 reviews
 - Hillsboro, OR 97123





Davis Tool, Inc. Davis Tool, a long established and reputable Hillsboro, Oregon manufacturer, is looking to expand their Manufacturing Engineering department...


5 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Davis Tool, Inc. jobs in Hillsboro, OR - Hillsboro jobsSalary Search: Manufacturing Engineer salaries in Hillsboro, ORLearn more about working at Davis Tool, Inc.Related forums: Hillsboro, Oregon - Manufacturing Engineer










Regional Security Director – World Headquarters




NIKE INC


 - 

3,757 reviews
 - Portland, OR





Be proficient in all Nike, Inc. In this key role of Regional Security Director – WHQ at our world headquarters, in Beaverton, Oregon, you are accountable for...


Nike - 9 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all NIKE INC jobs in Portland, OR - Portland jobsSalary Search: Regional Director salaries in Portland, ORLearn more about working at Nike IncNike Inc questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:Do nike work on holidays?How did you get your first interview at NIKE?Related forums: NIKE - Portland, Oregon










Operations Manager




NIKE INC


 - 

3,757 reviews
 - Portland, OR





As Operations Manager (OM) you will act as the “owner” for services and be “The Face of IWS”, facilitating service integration with all service teams 


Nike - 17 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all NIKE INC jobs in Portland, OR - Portland jobsSalary Search: Operations Manager salaries in Portland, ORLearn more about working at Nike IncNike Inc questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:Do nike work on holidays?How did you get your first interview at NIKE?Related forums: NIKE - Operations Manager - Portland, Oregon










Product Owner




NIKE INC


 - 

3,757 reviews
 - Beaverton, OR





Product Owner - Nike, Inc., Beaverton, OR, Job # IR111. Advocate on behalf of market, consumer, and stakeholder needs in Beaverton, OR to ensure that the right...


Nike - 30+ days ago   -  save job - more...

View all NIKE INC jobs in Beaverton, OR - Beaverton jobsSalary Search: Product Owner salaries in Beaverton, ORLearn more about working at Nike IncNike Inc questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:Do nike work on holidays?How did you get your first interview at NIKE?Related forums: NIKE - Beaverton, Oregon










Project Coordinator




Fiserv, Inc.


 - 

1,184 reviews
 - Hillsboro, OR





About the Role : Reporting to the Director of Organizational Excellence, the Project Management Coordinator will be responsible for supporting Digital


Fiserv - 13 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Fiserv, Inc. jobs in Hillsboro, OR - Hillsboro jobsSalary Search: Project Coordinator salaries in Hillsboro, ORLearn more about working at Fiserv, Inc.Fiserv, Inc. questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:How long does it take to get hired from start to finish? What are the st...How did you get your first interview at Fiserv?Related forums: Project Coordinator - Hillsboro, Oregon - Fiserv










Junior-Level Water Resources Engineer or Engineer-in-Trainin...



Geosyntec Consultants, Inc.


 - Portland, OR 97204 (Downtown area)





Is this the right position to help you achieve your professional goals? Some of the key responsibilities for the junior-level water resources engineer or


14 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all Geosyntec Consultants, Inc. jobs in Portland, OR - Portland jobsSalary Search: Water Resources Engineer salaries in Portland, ORLearn more about working at Geosyntec Consultants, Inc.Related forums: Water Resources Engineer - Portland, Oregon










Project Manager I



CareOregon, Inc.


 - Portland, OR





Position Title: Project Manager I Department: Contract Management Title of Manager: Director, Network and Clinical Support Supervision: Non-Supervisory


1 day ago   -  save job - more...

View all CareOregon, Inc. jobs in Portland, OR - Portland jobsSalary Search: Project Manager salaries in Portland, ORRelated forums: Project Manager - Portland, Oregon










PROGRAM MANAGER




NIKE INC


 - 

3,757 reviews
 - Beaverton, OR





As a Program Manager, you will be responsible for delivering infrastructure and application programs. Core responsibilities include: • Drive project teams


Nike - 16 days ago   -  save job - more...

View all NIKE INC jobs in Beaverton, OR - Beaverton jobsSalary Search: Program Manager salaries in Beaverton, ORLearn more about working at Nike IncNike Inc questions about work, benefits, interviews and hiring process:Do nike work on holidays?How did you get your first interview at NIKE?Related forums: NIKE - Program Manager - Beaverton, Oregon










            Never miss a job. Get new jobs emailed to you daily.






Be the first to see new Formfactor, Inc $70,000 jobs in Beaverton, OR














My email: 




Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me



You can cancel email alerts at any time.






Results Page:  1  2  3  4  5   Next »


Related Forums:
Project Coordinator
 - Operations Manager
 - Water Resources Engineer

- Beaverton, Oregon

- more »

Program Manager
 - Project Manager
 - Manufacturing Engineer




Salaries in Beaverton, OR:

Project Coordinator salary
 - Operations Manager salary
 - Water Resources Engineer salary

- more »

Program Manager salary
 - Project Manager salary
 - Manufacturing Engineer salary


 




Be the first to see new Formfactor, Inc $70,000 jobs in Beaverton, OR














My email: 


Also get an email with jobs recommended just for me





You can cancel email alerts at any time.














Indeed helps people get jobs: Over 10 million stories sharedFor jobs in Taiwan, visit tw.indeed.comJobs - Browse Companies - Salaries - 









Job Category Trends - Forums - 
Browse Jobs - Tools - Work at Indeed - API - About - Help Center


©2017 Indeed - Cookies, Privacy and Terms





























Jarek Kister | FormFactor, Inc. | Email, CTO /Sr. VP Engineering & Product Development, @formfactor.com 









































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Jarek Kister

 FormFactor, Inc.  CTO /Sr. VP Engineering & Product Development


Updated On : 
                    Jun 29, 2017                            

export

















7005 Southfront Road

Livermore, CA 94551


Email format for @formfactor.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Public                
Employees: 
500 - 999

Revenue:  
100 - 500 Million

Industry:  
                        Computer Hardware->Semiconductors                    
SIC Code:  
                         3674  - Semiconductors and Related Devices








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Need to know Jarek Kister's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography?  You can find contact information on FormFactor, Inc.'s Lead411 profile.  Jarek Kister is the CTO /Sr. VP Engineering & Product Development for FormFactor, Inc., an organization which has its base in Livermore, CA.  One can also find FormFactor, Inc. email addresses on their Lead411 profile with the @formfactor.com url.  Semiconductors is FormFactor, Inc.'s industry within the Lead411 database.  Some possible email formats for Jarek Kister are JKister@formfactor.com, Jarek.Kister@formfactor.com, Jarek@formfactor.com, and Jarek_Kister@formfactor.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@formfactor.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Jarek Kalinowski - Other
Located in Osterley, ENG Sky has Jarek Kalinowski serving as the organization's Dev Ops. Need Jarek Kalinowski's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in Sky Lead411 profile, along with their Sky email addresses using the domain. Search for Sky on Lead411 under the Multimedia software industry.  Some possible email formats for Jarek Kalinowski are JKalinowski@sky.com, Jarek.Kalinowski@sky.com, Jarek@sky.com, and Jarek_Kalinowski@sky.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@sky.com addresses.
Jarek Kaminski - Executive
Mathieu Floreani is DHL's CEO. Their Shift Manager is Jarek Kaminski. Their Lead411 profile is categorized under the Other industry. If you're checking for DHL email addresses, these are also available on Lead411 with the @dhl.com email format and possibly Jarek Kaminski's email. DHL is based in Plantation, FL. You can also get Jarek Kaminski's linkedin info, twitter, phone numbers, wiki, and biography on their Lead411 profile. Their contact information is filed under the Other category.  Some possible email formats for Jarek Kaminski are JKaminski@dhl.com, Jarek.Kaminski@dhl.com, Jarek@dhl.com, and Jarek_Kaminski@dhl.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@dhl.com addresses.
Jarek Karpiejuk - Executive
Jarek Karpiejuk is part of AECOM, an organization which has its main offices in Los Angeles, CA.  Jarek serves as the Transportation Director at AECOM.  If you're searching for AECOM email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @aecom.com along with Jarek Karpiejuk's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.AECOM's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Architecture/engineering industry.  Some possible email formats for Jarek Karpiejuk are JKarpiejuk@aecom.com, Jarek.Karpiejuk@aecom.com, Jarek@aecom.com, and Jarek_Karpiejuk@aecom.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@aecom.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Randy Havener - Executive
For FormFactor, Inc. email addresses with the @formfactor.com format as well as facebook info, twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, as well as biography data for Randy Havener, you may check in FormFactor, Inc.'s Lead411 profile. Randy Havener is currently the Sr Facilities Engineering Manager for FormFactor, Inc.. The company's CEO is Mike Slessor. The contact information of FormFactor, Inc. on Lead411 is filed under the Semiconductors. Their main offices are in Livermore, CA.  Some possible email formats for Randy Havener are RHavener@formfactor.com, Randy.Havener@formfactor.com, Randy@formfactor.com, and Randy_Havener@formfactor.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@formfactor.com addresses.
Angela Benavides - Executive
Angela Benavides's email address, phone numbers, linkedin account, wiki may be included in FormFactor, Inc.'s Lead411 profile and other FormFactor, Inc. email addresses with the @formfactor.com domain format.  He is part of FormFactor, Inc. where he serves as the Director Human Resources - Sr. HRBP.  FormFactor, Inc.'s main office is set in Livermore, CA. You can check their contact information on Lead411 under the Semiconductors category.  Some possible email formats for Angela Benavides are ABenavides@formfactor.com, Angela.Benavides@formfactor.com, Angela@formfactor.com, and Angela_Benavides@formfactor.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@formfactor.com addresses.
Michael Ludwig - Executive
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Michael Ludwig?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also FormFactor, Inc. email addresses within the @formfactor.com profile so Michael Ludwig's email could be included.  Michael Ludwig is part of the FormFactor, Inc. which has its main offices in Livermore, CA.  Currently holds the post of Chief Financial Officer.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Semiconductors industry.  Some possible email formats for Michael Ludwig are MLudwig@formfactor.com, Michael.Ludwig@formfactor.com, Michael@formfactor.com, and Michael_Ludwig@formfactor.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@formfactor.com addresses.

People Directory > Jarek Kister






















MEMS devices for biomedical applications | Solid State Technology












































SUBSCRIBE | ADVERTISE |  CONTRIBUTE   






VIDEOS
WEBCASTS
EVENTS
TECHNOLOGY PAPERS



























 





MEMS devices for biomedical applications








By Dr. Ramesh Ramadoss, Formfactor, San Jose, CA
Micro-Electro-Mechanical Systems (MEMS) are a class of miniature devices and systems fabricated by micromachining processes. MEMS devices have critical dimensions in the range of 100 nm to 1000 µm (or 1 mm). MEMS technology is a precursor to the relatively more popular field of Nanotechnology, which refers to science, engineering and technology below 100 nm down to the atomic scale. Occasionally, MEMS devices with dimensions in the millimeter-range are referred to as meso-scale MEMS devices. Figure 1 shows relevant dimensional scale alongside biological matter.  
 

Figure 1. Dimensional scale of MEMS and Nanotechnology. (Adapted from Nguyen et al. [1]).

Initially, MEMS technology was based on silicon using bulk micromachining and surface micromachining processes. Figure 2 shows an SEM image of a surface micromachining based polysilicon MEMS device, an electrostatic motor, which consists of twelve fixed stator electrodes and a rotor that spins around the pivot at its center. Gradually, other materials such as glass, ceramics and polymers have been adapted for MEMS. Especially, polymers are attractive for biomedical applications due to their bio-compatibility, low cost, and suitability for rapid prototyping. Other micromachining processes employed for fabrication of MEMS include dry plasma etching, electroplating, laser machining, micromilling, micromolding, stereolithography, and inkjet printing. 
 
Figure 2. An SEM image of a MEMS electrostatic motor. (Source: https://www.mems-exchange.org/).
MEMS devices can actuate or sense on a micro-scale. MEMS devices can function individually or in combination with other devices to generate effects of meso- or macro- scale. Some advantages of MEMS devices include small size, light weight, low power consumption and high functionality compared to conventional devices. Further, MEMS technology offers cost reduction due to batch processing techniques similar to semiconductor Integrated Circuit (IC) manufacturing. Initially, MEMS technology emerged as an offshoot of the semiconductor industry and eventually established itself as a specialized field of study with a significant market share. According to Yole Développement, the MEMS industry market in 2012 was $11 billion, which is a 10 percent growth from the previous year. 
MEMS applications
MEMS applications in various functional domains are shown in Figure 3. The term “functional domain” is used to refer to a domain in which the MEMS device performs a function such as sensing or actuation. In the early stages, MEMS proved to be a revolutionary technology in various fields of the physical domain such as Mechanical (e.g., Pressure sensors, Accelerometers, and Gyroscopes), Microfluidics (e.g., Inkjet nozzles), Acoustics (e.g., Microphone), RF MEMS (e.g., Switches and Resonators), and Optical MEMS (e.g., Micromirrors). Gradually, MEMS technology has demonstrated unique solutions and delivered innovative products in chemical, biological and medical domains as well. MEMS have penetrated into consumer electronics, home appliances, automotive industry, aerospace industry, biomedical industry, recreation and sports [2]. 
Figure 3. MEMS applications in various functional domains.
Typically, electronics are used to interface MEMS devices from its functional domain (i.e., Physical, Chemical, or Biological) to the electrical domain for signal transduction and/or recording. It should be pointed out that the term MEMS was originally coined to refer to miniature sensors and actuators operating between electrical and mechanical domains. Gradually, the term MEMS has evolved to encompass a wide variety of other microdevices fabricated by micromachining. For example, a micromachined electrochemical sensor is referred to as a MEMS device even though there is no functional role played by this device in the mechanical domain. Similarly, the term “BioMEMS” is used to refer to the science and technology of microdevices fabricated by micromachining for biological and medical applications. BioMEMS may or may not include any electrical or mechanical functions. BioMEMS application areas include biomedical transducers, microfluidics, medical implants, microsurgical tools, and tissue engineering. As shown in Figure 4, the global BioMEMS market is expected to almost triple in size, from $1.9 billion in 2012 to $6.6 billion in 2018 [3].
Figure 4. BioMEMS market forecast by Yole Développement [3]. (Source: http://www.yole.fr/).
 BioMEMS applications
 In this section, a few representative BioMEMS applications are presented. A survey of all products available on the market is beyond the scope of this article.
a) MEMS Pressure Sensors The first MEMS devices to be used in the biomedical industry were reusable blood pressure sensors in the 1980s. MEMS pressure sensors have the largest class of applications including disposable blood pressure, intraocular pressure (IOP), intracranial pressure (ICP), intrauterine pressure, and angioplasty. Some manufacturers of MEMS pressure sensors for biomedical applications include CardioMEMS, Freescale semiconductors, GE sensing, Measurement Specialties, Omron, Sensimed AG and Silicon Microstructures.
According to World Health Organization (WHO), Glaucoma is the second leading cause of blindness in the world after cataracts. MEMS implantable pressure sensors are used for continuous IOP monitoring in Glaucoma patients. A normal eye maintains a positive IOP in the range of 10-22 mmHg. Abnormal elevation (> 22 mmHg) and fluctuation of IOP are considered the main risk factors for glaucoma. Glaucoma, often without any pain or significant symptoms, can cause an irreversible and incurable damage to the optic nerve. This initially affects the peripheral vision and possibly leads to blindness without timely lifetime treatment. Therefore, it is critical to accurately monitor IOP and provide prompt treatments at the early stages of glaucoma development. Sensimed’s TriggerfishTM implantable MEMS IOP sensor is shown in Figure 5. It consists of a disposable contact lens with a MEMS strain-gage pressure sensor element, an embedded loop antenna (golden rings), and an ASIC microprocessor (2mmx2mm chip). The MEMS sensor includes a circular active outer ring and passive strain gages to measure corneal curvature changes in response to IOP. The loop antenna in the lens receives power from the external monitoring system and sends information back to the system.

Figure 5. Sensimed’s TriggerfishTM implantable MEMS IOP sensor. (Source: http://www.sensimed.com/).
b)      MEMS Inertial Sensors MEMS accelerometers are used in defibrillators and pacemakers. Some patients exhibit unusually fast or chaotic heart beats and thus are at a high risk of cardiac arrest or a heart attack. An implantable defibrillator restores a normal heart rhythm by providing electrical shocks to the heart during abnormal conditions. Some peoples’ hearts beat too slowly, and this may be related to the natural aging process or a genetic condition. A pacemaker maintains a proper heart beat by transmitting electrical impulses to the heart. Conventional pacemakers were fixed rate. Modern pacemakers employ MEMS accelerometers and are capable of adjusting heart rate in accordance with the patient’s physical activity. Medtronic is a leading manufacturer of MEMS based defibrillators and pacemakers. Figure 6 shows a MEMS accelerometer-based Medtronic’s SureScanTM pacemaker and implantation of a pacemaker inside the body next to the heart. This pacemaker is designed to be compatible with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI).
Figure 6a.

MEMS inertial sensors (accelerometers and gyroscopes) were employed to develop one of the most unique wheelchairs, the iBOTTM Mobility system, shown in Figure 7. A combination of multiple inertial sensors in this system enables the user to operate the wheelchair and lift to a standing height just balancing on two wheels. This allows the wheelchair user to interact with others face-to-face. The iBOTTM system was developed by Dean Kamen in a partnership between DEKA and Johnson and Johnson’s Independence Technology division. Unfortunately, it is no longer available for sale from Independence Technology. Another related example is the Segway PT, a two-wheeled, self-balancing, battery-powered electric vehicle, also invented by Dean Kamen. It is produced by Segway Inc. of New Hampshire, USA.
Figure 7. Independence Technology’s iBOTTM mobility system. (source: http://www.ibotnow.com/).
c)       MEMS Hearing-Aid Transducer A hearing-aid is an electroacoustic device used to receive, amplify and radiate sound into the ear. The goal of a hearing aid is to compensate for the hearing loss and thus make audio communication more intelligible for the user. In the US, hearing aids are considered medical devices and are regulated by the FDA. According to NIH, approximately 17 percent (36 million) of American adults report some degree of hearing loss. There is a strong relationship between age and reported hearing loss. Also, about 2 to 3 out of every 1,000 children in the United States are born deaf or hard-of-hearing.
 According to statistics, 80% of those who could benefit from a hearing-aid chose not to use one. The reasons include reluctance to recognize hearing loss and social stigma associated with common misconceptions about wearing hearing aids. Thus, it is highly desirable to miniaturize hearing-aids without compromising performance. MEMS technology enables reduction of form factor, cost, and power consumption compared to conventional hearing-aid solutions. Figure 8 shows Analog Devices small size (7.3 mm3) MEMS microphone suitable for hearing-aid applications.
Figure 8. Analog Devices MEMS microphone for hearing-aid applications. (Source: http://www.analog.com/).
d)      Microfluidics for diagnostics Microfluidics involve movement, mixing and control of small volumes (nanoliters) of fluids. A typical microfluidic system is comprised of needles, channels, valves, pumps, mixers, filters, sensors, reservoirs, and dispensers. Microfluidics enable bedside or at the point-of-care (POC) medical diagnosis. Especially, POC diagnosis is important in developing countries where access to centralized hospitals is limited and expensive. A POC diagnostic microfluidic system uses bodily fluids (saliva, blood, or urine samples) to perform sample preconditioning, sample fractionation, signal amplification, analyte detection, data analysis, and results display. In 1985, Unipath introduced the first POC microfluidic device, ClearBlueTM, for pregnancy test from urine sample and is still available on the market. Recently, a comprehensive review article on the commercialization of microfluidic devices for POC diagnostics was published by Chin et al. [4].
One of the world’s most significant public health challenges, particularly in low- and middle- income countries, remains to be HIV/AIDS. According to WHO, 34 million people are living with HIV, and around 7 million eligible people are waiting for antiretroviral therapy. POC diagnosis is very crucial for the enumeration of absolute numbers of T-helper cells, commonly referred to as a CD4 count, for monitoring the course of immunosuppression caused by HIV and the initiation of antiretroviral therapy. The Alere Pima™ CD4 test system, shown in Figure 9, offers a revolutionary POC solution by providing an absolute CD4 count from either a fingerstick or a venous whole blood sample. The test requires approximately 25 microliters of whole blood sample to be loaded into the cartridge capillary. All test reagents are sealed within the disposable cartridge. On insertion of the cartridge into the analyzer, the test process automatically begins and displays direct CD4 measurement within 20 minutes.
Figure 9. Alere’s PimaTM point-of-care CD4 test system: a) disposable cartridge, and b) analyzer with a slot for cartridge insertion. (Source: http://alere-technologies.com/).

e)      Microfluidics for drug delivery Microfluidics enable advanced drug delivery technologies such as triggered release, timed release and targeted delivery. Some applications include transdermal drug delivery (e.g., microneedle arrays and needle-less jet-based system), implantable drug delivery systems (e.g., drug-eluting stents and insulin pump), and drug delivery vehicles (e.g., micro- and nano– particles).
In the US, Diabetes mellitus has a mortality of 180,000 per year. It can be managed through proper diet and exercise, glucose-lowering oral medications and/or insulin therapy. One of the most notable insulin delivery systems for diabetes therapy, JewelPUMPTM, is shown in Figure 10. This system was developed by Debiotech in collaboration with STMicroelectronics. The MEMS nanopumpTM mounted on a disposable skin patch provides continuous insulin through jet-based infusion delivery. The whole system weighs only 25 grams and holds up to 500 units of insulin and can be used for a 7 day period without any need for refill or replacement. The JewelPUMPTM is directly programmed from a large display remote controller. It can be attached to the body using a disposable skin patch and can be detached when necessary, thereby offering more freedom to the patient.
 
Figure 10b. Attachment of the system to the body using a disposable skin patch (left) JewelPUMPTM (middle) and programmable remote controller (right) (Source: http://www.debiotech.com/).
f)       Micromachined needles Micromachining enables fabrication of needles smaller than 300 µm, which is the limit of conventional machining methods. Typically, the length of the MEMS-based microneedles is less than 1 mm. Microneedles have been used for drug delivery, bio-signal recording electrodes, blood extraction, fluid sampling, cancer therapy, and microdialysis. Frequently, microneedles are integrated and used in conjunction with microfluidic systems. Solid and hollow microneedles have been fabricated out of silicon, glass, metals, and polymers using micromachining processes. Microneedles have been demonstrated with various body shapes (cylindrical, canonical, pyramid, candle, spike, spear, square, pentagonal, hexagonal, octagonal and rocket shape) and tip shapes (volcano, snake fang, cylindrical, canonical, micro-hypodermis and tapered). Figure 11 shows solid microneedles fabricated by reactive ion etching of silicon [5] and hollow microneedles fabricated by laser machining of a polymer.
Figure 11a. Micromachined needles: silicon based solid needles. (Source: Henry et al. [5]).
Figure 11a. Micromachined needles: polymer based hollow needles. (Source: http://www.lasermicromachining.com/).
g)      Microsurgical tools Surgery is treatment of diseases or other ailments through manual and instrumental methods. In surgery, the majority of trauma to the patient is caused by the surgeon’s incisions to gain access to the surgical site. Minimally invasive surgical (MIS) procedure aims to provide diagnosis, monitoring, or treatment of diseases by performing operations with very small incisions or sometimes through natural orifices. Advantages of MIS over conventional open surgery includes less pain, minimal injury to tissues, minimal scarring, reduced recovery time, shorter hospital visits, faster return to normal activities and often lower cost to the patient. Common MIS procedures include angioplasty, catheterization, endoscopy, laparoscopy, and neurosurgery. MEMS based microsurgical tools have been identified as a key enabling technology for MIS [6]. A pair of silicon MEMS based microtweezers and metal MEMS based biopsy forceps are shown in Figure 12. It should be noted that some of these feasibility demonstrations have yet to be qualified for clinical applications.
Figure 12a. Micromachined surgical tools: a pair of silicon MEMS tweezers. (Source: http://www.memspi.com/).
Figure 12b. Micromachined surgical tools: a pair of metal MEMS biopsy forceps. (Source: http://www.microfabrica.com/).
Cardiovascular disease continues to be the leading cause of death in the United States. One of the common fatal cardiovascular conditions is narrowing of blood vessels due to accumulation of plaque that can lead to heart attack, stroke and other serious issues. Angioplasty is a procedure designed to restore normal blood flow through clogged or blocked arteries. A cardiac stent is inserted into a blood vessel via a catheter and then expanded to enlarge the vessel. There are two general types of stents: Metal stents and polymer stents. Metal stents are the conventional type. Two main types of polymer stents are resorbable and nonresorbable. The former type is attractive as it may be absorbed or dissolved inside the body. Figure 13 shows a stent fabricated on a bio-resorbable polymer by laser micromachining.  
Figure 13. Micromachined resorbable polymer stent. (Source: http://resonetics.com/).
Other BioMEMS applications include tissue engineering [7] and microfluidics for cell biology, proteomics, and genomics [8]. A comprehensive coverage of various BioMEMS applications can be found in the recent books [9] and [10]. 
  In the 21st century, BioMEMS devices are anticipated to revolutionize the biomedical industry similar to that of semiconductor devices to the electronics industry in the last century. As evident from the market trend, there are tremendous opportunities for MEMS in the biomedical industry. However, FDA approval process necessary for certain applications can cause significant delays for new BioMEMS devices entering the market.
 References
1.       N.-T. Nguyen, S. A. M. Shaegh, N. Kashaninejad, and D.-T. Phan, “Design, fabrication and characterization of drug delivery systems based on lab-on-a-chip technology,” Advanced drug delivery reviews (2013).
2.       M. Bourne, A Consumer’s Guide to MEMS & Nanotechnology, Bourne Research LLC, 1st edition, 2007.
3.       BioMEMS 2013: Microsystem Device Market for Healthcare Applications, Yole Developpment, France, Feb. 2013.
4.       C.D. Chin, V. Linder, and S. K. Sia. “Commercialization of microfluidic point-of-care diagnostic devices,” Lab on a Chip 12.12 (2012): 2118-2134.
5.       S. Henry, D. V. Mc Allister, M. G. Allen and M. R. Prausnitz, “Microfabricated Microneedles: A Novel Approach to Transdermal Drug Delivery,” Journal of Pharmaceutical Sciences, 1998, 87, pp. 922-925.
6.       K. Rebello, “Applications of MEMS in Surgery,” Proceedings of the IEEE, vol. 92, no. 1, Jan. 2004, pp. 43-55.
7.       C. M. Puleo,  H. C. Yeh,  T. H. Wang, “Applications of MEMS technologies in tissue engineering,” Tissue Engineering, 13(12), 2007, pp. 2839-2854.
8.       F. A. Gomez, Biological Applications of Microfluidics, Wiley-Interscience, 1st edition, 2008.
9.       A. Folch, Introduction to BioMEMS, CRC Press, 1st edition, 2013.
10.   Shekhar Bhansali (Editor), and Abhay Vasudev (Editor), MEMS for Biomedical Applications, Woodhead Publishing, 1st edition, 2012.
Dr. Ramesh Ramadoss is currently employed as a Senior Manager in the MicroProbe Product Group of FormFactor Inc., San Jose, California. He received his B.E. degree from Thiagarajar College of Engineering, Madurai, India in May 1998 and Ph.D. degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Colorado at Boulder in May 2003. From June 2003 to Dec. 2007, he was employed as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at Auburn University, Auburn, Alabama. From Jan. 2008 to Mar. 2012, he was employed as a Program Manager, MEMS R&D, FormFactor Inc., Livermore, California. Since April 2012, he has been employed at MicroProbe, San Jose, CA (Acquired by FormFactor Inc.). He is the author or coauthor of 3 book chapters and 53 papers in the MEMS field (Google Scholar Citations: 476, h-index: 14, and i10-index: 17). He has conducted MEMS R&D projects for DARPA, NASA, US Army, AOARD, Sandia National Labs, Motorola Labs, Foster-Miller Inc. and FormFactor Inc.




POST A COMMENT
Easily post a comment below using your Linkedin, Twitter, Google or Facebook account. Comments won't automatically be posted to your social media accounts unless you select to share.


			4 thoughts on “MEMS devices for biomedical applications”		




ekta tiwari April 10, 2014 at 9:30 am 

Hello Dr. Ramesh,
My name  is Ekta Tiwari and I am pursing my PhD. Degree in ECE department Temple University. My research interest is to develop MEMS based drug delivery system.I am writing a review paper on BioMEMS applications. Your blog is very helpful for me to initiate writing. I would request you if you can provide me some references to read more about MEMS in biomedical application. Also,I would request you if you have any publication related to same please provide me the link for reference,


Reply ↓ 





Mohsen Rahimi August 30, 2014 at 7:53 am 

Hello Dr. Ramesh
My name is Mohsen Rahimi. I am pursing my Ms.c. Degree in Mechatronics . my research interest is to develop MEMS  based drug delivery system. i would request you if you can provide me some references to read more about mems in biomedical application.
sincerely yours
Mohsen Rahimi


Reply ↓ 





VIGNESHWARAN September 14, 2014 at 5:51 am 

sir , i need to know what are the difference between micro systems and MEMS systems………


Reply ↓ 





Brendan October 20, 2014 at 10:05 am 

I read this article completely on the topic of the resemblance of newest and preceding technologies, it’s
awesome article.


Reply ↓ 




Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Comment  You may use these HTML tags and attributes:  <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> 
 

 




EDITOR'S PICKS

Silicon wafer shortage starts in 2018


Overcoming challenges in 3D NAND volume manufacturing


Laser debonding for ultrathin and stacked fan out packages


Flexible AMOLED display manufacturing capacity to grow 91% CAGR between 2016 and 2020


Value of semiconductor industry M&A deals slows dramatically in 1H17


Gartner reports worldwide PC shipments declined 4.3% in second quarter of 2017


AMOLED fine metal mask market expected to reach $1.2B by 2022
 


TOP BLOG POSTS

Moore's Law has stopped at 28nm


World record solar cell with 44.7% efficiency


Are we using Moore's name in vain?


Applied Materials and Tokyo Electron unveil new company name


2015 SPIE Advanced Lithography EUVL Conference – Summary and Analysis  


Chinese chipmaker Tsinghua prepares $23B bid for Micron Technology


IEDM – Monday was FinFET Day
 



LIVE NEWS FEED 


RECENT ARTICLES

Gen. Keith Alexander to deliver keynote address at SIA's 40th Anniversary Award Dinner


Alkaline soil, sensible sensor


Rudolph expanding its presence in China for AMOLED display lithography


Significant mid-year revision to 2017 IC market forecast


OLED TV expected to grow to more than 50% of $1,000-plus market by 2019
 



SEMICONDUCTORS ARTICLES

Gen. Keith Alexander to deliver keynote address at SIA's 40th Anniversary Award Dinner


Significant mid-year revision to 2017 IC market forecast


Ferroelectric phenomenon proven viable for oxide electrodes, disproving predictions


Kuala Lumpur debut for SEMICON Southeast Asia in 2018
 


PACKAGING ARTICLES

Kuala Lumpur debut for SEMICON Southeast Asia in 2018


The pervasiveness of ASICs in the IoT era


What’s next in leading edge semiconductor manufacturing?


Overcoming challenges in 3D NAND volume manufacturing
 



MEMS ARTICLES

Alkaline soil, sensible sensor


Kuala Lumpur debut for SEMICON Southeast Asia in 2018


Analog Devices joins University of Michigan’s Mcity Initiative for advancing connected and autonomous vehicles


Universities obtain new funding from nano-bio manufacturing consortium
 


LEDS ARTICLES

Seoul Semiconductor achieves continuous revenue growth


Kuala Lumpur debut for SEMICON Southeast Asia in 2018


What’s next in leading edge semiconductor manufacturing?


Brewer Science earns Perfect Quality Award from ON Semiconductor
 



DISPLAYS ARTICLES

Rudolph expanding its presence in China for AMOLED display lithography


OLED TV expected to grow to more than 50% of $1,000-plus market by 2019


What’s next in leading edge semiconductor manufacturing?


Flexible AMOLED display manufacturing capacity to grow 91% CAGR between 2016 and 2020
 


MATERIALS ARTICLES

Helium reduction at pre-metal sub-atmospheric CVD


AKHAN Semiconductor deploys 200mm manufacturing process in new diamond-based chip production facility


The Critical Materials Council to be managed by TECHCET in 2016


Packaging Materials
 




NEW PRODUCTS

3D-Micromac launches the second generation of its high-performance microcell OTF laser systems

04/17/2017The high-performance production solution for Laser Contact Opening (LCO) of PERC solar cells achieves a th... 

ULVAC launches NA-1500 dry etching system for 600mm advanced packaging systems

03/24/2017ULVAC, Inc. is pleased to announce the NA-1500 dry etching system for 600mm advanced packaging substrates, providing for u... 

Astronics Test Systems announces new PXIe test instruments

01/24/2017Astronics Corporation, through its wholly-owned subsidiary Astronics Test Systems, introduced two new test instruments today. ... 

 





 








FEATURED PRODUCTS         
TECHNOLOGY PAPERSLearn the Basics of Power Amplifier and Front End Module MeasurementsThe power amplifier (PA) – as either a discrete component or part of an integrated front end module (FEM) – is one of the most integral RF integrated circuits (RFICs) in the modern radio. Download this white paper to learn the basics of testing RF PAs and FEMs via an interactive white paper with multiple how-to videos.May 22, 2017Sponsored by National InstrumentsWafer Handler Predictive Monitor and Equipment Verification, Excursion Detection, Defect Reduction & Tool MatchingConsistent equipment performance, avoiding unscheduled downtime, reducing defects and preventing excursions is key to reducing cost and improving die and line yield in semiconductor manufacturing. The fully automated InnerSense SmartWafer (SMW2) system addresses these key metrics. The SMW2 system is effectively being used as a predictive monitor for handler PM’s, a leading indicator for mechanical defects and can detect, predict and prevent most mechanical related excursions, including wafer damage that can lead to subsequent wafer breakage. The SMW2 system can further improve tool availability by improving post PM recovery and tool matching.January 24, 2017Sponsored by InnerSenseMore Technology Papers 
WEBCASTSDense Off Chip Integration (DOCI): Advanced Packaging, low cost alternatives to boost electronic system performance Wednesday, August 9, 2017 at 1 p.m. ET The slowing down of Moore's Law even at leading CMOS Fabs due to approaching Physics limits, while at the same time the explosion in demand for chips and systems across a wide range of market segments (compact wearable / portable consumer systems, the transfer and processing of data to and from the cloud, at the high performance end specialized architectures e,g for AI) has revived interest in Dense Off Chip Integration (DOCI ), first used in MCMs (Multi Chip Modules) for mainframes some 3 decades ago.

				Sponsored By:
			

Amkor Technology



Materials Date and time TBD Success in electronics manufacturing increasingly relies on the materials used in production and packaging. More than 50 different elements from the periodic table are now used in semiconductor manufacturing, and the list grows even longer when you consider the requirements of flexible/printed electronics, LEDs, compound semiconductors, power electronics, displays, MEMS and bioelectronics. In this webcast, experts will focus on changing material requirements, the evolving material supply chain, recent advances in process and packaging materials and substrates, and the role new materials such as carbon nanotubes will play in the future.

				Sponsored By:
			





More Webcasts 

BLOGS
Insights From Leading EdgeIFTLE 345 Toshiba 1Tb Flash with TSV; TSMC CoWoS expansion & 2nd Gen InFO; Samsung Foundry takes aim at TSMC July 31, 2017Pete's PostsThe ConFab 2018 will be held May 20-23 July 21, 2017IC DesignLatch-Up Detection: How to Find an Invisible Fault July 14, 2017Ed's ThreadsPCM + ReRAM = OUM as XPoint June 22, 2017EUVL FocusUnderstanding EUV Lithography Basics and Status - Key Concepts May 24, 2017MEMS Industry Group BlogMEMS & Sensors Technical Congress 2017: Knowing Your Unknowns April 26, 2017SiliconicaIntel Unveils More 10nm Details April 10, 2017The ConFab VisionsMEMS, Sensors and IoT Are Focal Points March 3, 2017Applied InnovationHow New Materials Can Solve Contact Resistance January 25, 2017Insights on ThingsTech Industry security highlighted by the iPhone access controversy April 1, 2016Materials MattersTransition to ISO 9001:2015:  Starting the Journey October 21, 2015

 


SUBSCRIBE
















Please start/renew my subscription to the following Solid State Technology email newsletters:

        The Pulse
Topic-focused e-Newsletters:

        Advanced Packaging News

        Displays Digest

        LED Manufacturing

        MEMS Direct

        WaferNews




 
Required fields in bold




 Email







First Name







Last Name







Title







Company Name







Phone







Country


Please Select
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (North)
Korea (South)
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Other
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirate
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Aland Islands
Azores
Canary Islands
Channel Islands
Isle of Man
Ivory Coast
Jersey & Guernsey
Madeira
Montenegro
Serbia
Palestinian territories


















LATEST ISSUE







FormFactor, Inc. - Annual Report














Print
Email
 PDF  WORD  XLS  XBRL






 FORMFACTOR INC (Form: 10-K, Received: 03/04/2016 18:05:32) 

























	 









	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549




	FORM 10-K




	(Mark One)




	ý


	    


	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934




	For the fiscal year ended


	December 26, 2015






	Or




	o


	    


	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934




	For the transition period from                                    to                                   




	Commission file number: 000-50307

















	 











	FormFactor, Inc.




	(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)



















	Delaware




	(State or other jurisdiction of




	incorporation or organization)






	 






	13-3711155




	(I.R.S. Employer




	Identification No.)










	7005 Southfront Road, Livermore, California 94551




	(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)




	(925) 290-4000




	(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

















	 









	Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


	Common Stock




	Name of each exchange on which registered:


	NASDAQ Global Market




	Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:


	None




	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 


	o


	    No 


	ý




	Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 


	o


	    No 


	ý




	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 


	ý


	    No 


	o




	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of the Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 


	x


	    No 


	o




	Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K 


	ý




	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:





























	Large accelerated filer 


	o






	 






	Accelerated filer 


	ý






	 






	Non-accelerated filer


	o




	(Do not check if a smaller




	reporting company)






	 






	Smaller reporting company


	o










	Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 


	o


	    No 


	ý




	Aggregate market value of registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant's common stock on June 26, 2015 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second quarter) as reported by NASDAQ Global Market on that date:


	$363,290,833


	. Shares of the registrant's common stock held by each executive officer, director and person who owns 5% or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.




	The number of shares of the registrant's common stock, par value $0.001 per share, outstanding as of


	March 3, 2016


	 was


	58,912,756


	 shares.




	DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE




	Portions of the registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed within 120 days of the end of the registrant's fiscal year ended


	December 26, 2015


	, are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

















	 

























	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year Ended


	December 26, 2015






	Index





















	 






	 






	Page








	Part I









	Item 1:








	Business







	4









	Item 1A:








	Risk Factors







	10









	Item 1B:








	Unresolved Staff Comments







	24









	Item 2:








	Properties







	24









	Item 3:








	Legal Proceedings







	25









	Item 4:








	Mine Safety Disclosures







	25








	Part II









	Item 5:








	Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities







	26









	Item 6:








	Selected Financial Data







	27









	Item 7:








	Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations







	29









	Item 7A:








	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk







	44









	Item 8:








	Financial Statements and Supplementary Data







	45









	Item 9:








	Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure







	45









	Item 9A:








	Controls and Procedures







	45









	Item 9B:








	Other Information







	46








	Part III









	Item 10:








	Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance







	47









	Item 11:








	Executive Compensation







	47









	Item 12:








	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters







	47









	Item 13:








	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence







	47









	Item 14:








	Principal Accounting Fees and Services







	47








	Part IV









	Item 15:








	Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules







	48









	Signatures







	50









	Consolidated Financial Statements







	52









	 FormFactor, the FormFactor logo and its product and technology names, including Apollo, ATRE, DC-Boost, Matrix, MicroProbe, the MicroProbe logo, MicroSpring, Mx-FinePitch, OneTouch, QiLin, RapidSoak, SmartMatrix, SMART Matrix 100, TouchMatrix, Takumi, TRE, TrueScale and TrueScale Lite, Vector, Vx-MP and Vx-RF are trademarks or registered trademarks of FormFactor, Inc. in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks, trade names or service marks appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners.




	Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we refer to FormFactor, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries as "FormFactor," "we," "us," and "our". Our fiscal years end on the last Saturday in December. Our last three fiscal years ended on


	December 26, 2015


	,


	December 27, 2014


	 and


	December 28, 2013


	.






	2

















	NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS









	This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act of 1933, which are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements include statements concerning, among other things, our business strategy (including the influence of anticipated trends and developments in our business and the markets in which we operate), financial results, operating results, revenues, gross margin, operating expenses, products, projected costs and capital expenditures, research and development programs, sales and marketing initiatives and competition. In some cases, you can identify these statements by our use of forward-looking words, such as "may," "might," "will," "could," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "intend" and "continue," the negative or plural of these words and other comparable terminology. Forward-looking statements are based on information available to us as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our current expectations about future events, which are inherently subject to change and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. We have no obligation to update any of these statements, and we assume no obligation to do so. Actual events or results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements due to various factors, including but not limited to the matters discussed below in the section entitled "Item 1A: Risk Factors", and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.




	Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to continue to fluctuate. You should not rely on period-to-period comparisons of our financial results as indicators of our future performance. Some of the important factors that could cause our revenues, operating results and outlook to fluctuate from period-to-period include:













	•






	customer demand for and adoption of our products;


















	•






	market and competitive conditions in our industry, the semiconductor industry and the economy as a whole;
















	•






	the timing and success of new technologies and product introductions by our competitors and by us;
















	•






	our ability to work efficiently with our customers on their qualification of our new technologies and products;
















	•






	our ability to deliver reliable, cost-effective products that meet our customers' testing requirements in a timely manner;
















	•






	our ability to transition to new product architectures to solve next-generation semiconductor test and measurement challenges, and to bring new products into volume production on time and at acceptable yields and cost;
















	•






	our ability to implement measures for enabling efficiencies and supporting growth in our design, applications, manufacturing and other operational activities;

















	•






	the reduction, rescheduling or cancellation of orders by our customers;
















	•






	our ability to collect accounts receivables owed by our customers;
















	•






	our product and customer sales mix and geographical sales mix;


















	•






	a reduction in the price or the profitability of our products due to competitive pressures or other factors;
















	•






	the timely availability or the cost of components and materials utilized in our products;
















	•






	our ability to efficiently optimize manufacturing capacity and production yields as necessary to meet customer demand and ramp variable production volumes at our manufacturing facilities;
















	•






	our ability to protect our intellectual property against infringement and continue our investment in research and development and design activities;

















	•






	any disruption in the operation of our manufacturing facilities;
















	•






	the timing of and return on our investments in research and development;


















	•






	The impact of any acquisition we might make including our acquisition of Cascade Microtech Inc., and our ability to integrate effectively any acquired businesses into our business operations;

















	•






	our ability to realize the benefits of certain deferred tax attributes;









	3


























	•






	macroeconomic events that impact global buying in general and the semiconductor industry in particular; and
















	•






	seasonality, principally due to our customers' purchasing cycles.







	The impact of one or more of these factors might cause our operating results to vary widely. If our revenues, operating results or outlook fall below the expectations of market analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially. You should carefully consider the numerous risks and uncertainties described above and in other section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.








	PART I








	Item 1:    


	Business




	We design, develop, manufacture, sell and support advanced semiconductor probe card products, and are the largest supplier worldwide of those products. Semiconductor manufacturers use our probe cards to perform wafer test (also known as wafer sort), which is the testing of the semiconductor die, or chips, while those die are still constituted on the semiconductor wafer. Wafer test enables semiconductor manufacturers to determine whether chips will meet specifications and be saleable once the wafer is diced, and the die are singulated and individually packaged. The per-die costs of singulation and packaging processes are relatively high, and some of the die on a wafer are typically expected to be defective. Consequently, there is often a compelling economic reason to perform wafer test. Probe cards are a critical element in enabling that wafer test process.




	During wafer test, the probe card is mounted on a prober and electrically connected to automated test equipment, or ATE, to form the overall test cell, which is capable of automatically performing wafer test in a full production environment. The probe card forms the electrical interface between the individual chips on a wafer, and the ATE, allowing the ATE to detect chip faults and verify chip functionality and performance. Because each probe card forms a custom interface between a standard ATE system and a unique customer chip design, a key part of our product offering is ensuring that our design and customization processes successfully and accurately match the specific chip and wafer designs of our customers.




	We were incorporated in 1993 and we introduced our first probe card in 1995. For much of our history, sales of probe cards for testing Dynamic Random Access Memory, or DRAM, devices made up the majority of our revenues. In October 2012, we completed the acquisition of Astria Semiconductor Holdings, Inc., including its subsidiary Micro-Probe Incorporated (together "MicroProbe"). The majority of MicroProbe's sales consisted of probe cards for testing System-on-Chip, or SoC, devices. The acquisition of Microprobe significantly diversified and broadened our customer and revenue base, and enabled us to realize operational and cost efficiencies in the combined companies’ technology, resources, assets, and teams.




	Partially as a result of this diversification and leveraging of resources, we improved our financial and operational performance during fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015, our business continued to gain momentum through strong broad-based customer demand, coupled with continued improvements in our operational execution. During fiscal


	2015


	, we increased revenues by


	$13.8 million


	 to


	$282.4 million


	, from


	$268.5 million


	 in


	2014


	. Our net loss decreased by


	$17.7 million


	 to


	$(1.5) million


	, from


	$(19.2) million


	 in


	2014


	. We generated net cash of


	$23.8 million


	 in fiscal 2015, making it the second contiguous fiscal year in which we achieved a year-to-year increase in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.




	As described in further detail below under the heading “


	Business-Cascade Microtech Acquisition


	,” in February 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement with Cascade Microtech, Inc. (“Cascade Microtech”) under which we will acquire all outstanding Cascade Microtech shares in a cash and stock transaction. Cascade Microtech is a leader in the field of probe cards for radio frequency (“RF”) semiconductor products, and has important capabilities in engineering probes and test systems. We believe that this combination will further diversify our customer and revenue base, and enable efficiencies and value realization in the combined companies’ operations, technology, resources, assets, and teams. By leveraging combined global support and channel investments across a product line that spans from engineering to production test applications, the combined company will be uniquely positioned to solve many of our customers’ most difficult test challenges from engineering to production. The transaction is expected to close mid-2016 subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals and the approval by Cascade Microtech’s shareholders of the merger.




	Products




	Our products utilize a variety of technologies, including micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS) technologies, automation systems, various product architectures and design tools. Our MEMS technologies generally enable rapid and cost-effective manufacturing of resilient multi-material composite spring-like electrically-conductive contact elements with characteristic length scales of a few microns. These contact elements, such as our MicroSpring contacts, optimize the relative amounts of force on, and across, a chip’s bond pad, solder bump, or copper pillar during the test process and maintain their shape and position over a range of compression. In addition, while maintaining these mechanical characteristics, the contact






	4















	elements must achieve reliable and high-fidelity electrical contact through wafer surfaces that are generally oxidized or otherwise contaminated, and must maintain these attributes over hundreds of thousands, and even millions, of compression cycles. This capability, when paired with our automation systems, enables us to rapidly produce customer-design specific probe cards that deliver leading precision, reliability, and electro-mechanical performance.




	Our probe cards are customized for our customers' unique wafer and chip design, by modifying and adapting our standard product architectures to meet an individual customer’s design layout and electrical test requirements. For many advanced applications, our products must maintain tens of thousands of simultaneous high-fidelity low-impedance electrical contacts with the corresponding chip contacts on the wafer. Our present technologies enable probe cards to be populated with over 100,000 contact elements, with contact element spacings as small as 40 microns, distributed over extents as large as 300mm so that all die on the wafer can be tested simultaneously.




	We have invested, and intend to continue to invest, considerable resources in proprietary probe card design tools and processes. These tools and processes are intended to enable the rapid and accurate customization described above, including automated routing and trace length adjustment within our probe cards, greatly enhancing our ability to rapidly design complex structures.




	In addition, some of our customers test certain chips over a large range of operating temperatures, as opposed to conducting wafer test at one predetermined temperature. We select materials used in our products after careful consideration of the potential range of test operating temperatures, and design our probe cards to provide for a precise match with the thermal expansion characteristics of the wafer under test. As a result, for many of our products, our customers can use the same probe card for both low and high temperature testing without a loss of mechanical or electrical performance. In addition, for test situations for which a customer requires extreme positional accuracy at a specific temperature, we have designed probe cards that are intended to be optimized for testing at such temperatures.




	Through on-going investments in both our technology and operations, we continue to innovate and improve so that our products will meet customers' future technical roadmap performance, quality, and commercial requirements. We also continue to leverage these ongoing investments across all advanced probe card markets, to realize synergies and economies of scale to benefit our competitiveness, time-to-market and overall profitability.




	Customers




	Our customers include semiconductor chip manufacturers in the DRAM, Flash and SoC markets. Our customers use our probe cards to test DRAM chips, including LPDDR2, LPDDR3, LPDDR4, DDR, DDR2, DDR3, DDR4, SDRAM, PSRAM, and Graphic DRAM; NOR, PCM and NAND flash memory chips. Our customers also use our probe cards to test SoC devices, including microprocessors, mobile application processors, microcontrollers, graphic processors, RF, analog and mixed-signal devices.




	Four


	 customers accounted for


	60.2%


	 of our revenues in fiscal


	2015


	,


	3


	 customers accounted for


	51.6%


	 of our revenues in fiscal


	2014


	 and


	3


	 customers accounted for


	45.9%


	 of our revenues in fiscal


	2013


	, as follows:



































	 






	Fiscal 2015






	 






	Fiscal 2014






	 






	Fiscal 2013








	Intel






	19.6






	%






	 






	19.7






	%






	 






	17.7






	%








	Samsung






	14.6













	 






	*













	 






	*















	SK hynix






	14.3













	 






	16.9













	 






	16.5















	Micron






	11.7













	 






	15.0













	 






	11.7















	Total






	60.2






	%






	 






	51.6






	%






	 






	45.9






	%



















	*






	Less than 10% of revenues.







	Information concerning revenue by geographic region and by country based upon ship to location appears under Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Revenues - Revenues by Geographic Region and Note 14 -


	Operating Segments and Geographic Information


	 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements, that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.




	Backlog




	We manufacture our products based on order backlog and customer commitments. Backlog includes only orders with written authorizations and shipment dates within 12 months. Backlog also includes revenue for existing product service agreements to be earned within the next 12 months. Customers may delay delivery of products or cancel orders prior to






	5















	shipment, subject to possible cancellation penalties. Due to possible changes in delivery schedules and cancellations of orders, our backlog on any particular date is not necessarily indicative of actual sales for any succeeding period. Delays in delivery schedules or a reduction in backlog during any particular period could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.




	Manufacturing




	Our probe cards are designed for each of our customers' unique wafer design, by modifying and adapting our product architectures to meet an individual customer’s design layout and test requirements. Our proprietary manufacturing processes for our probe cards include: a complex interconnection system-level design process; a front-end process, which may include wire bonding, photolithography, plating and metallurgical processes, dry and electro-deposition, pick and place assembly; and a back-end process, which includes general assembly and test. Critical steps in our manufacturing process are performed in a variety of clean room environments, including as stringent as a Class 100 environment, depending on the requirements of the specific manufacturing processes.




	We depend on suppliers for some critical components of our manufacturing processes, including ceramic substrates and complex printed circuit boards, and for other materials used in our manufacturing processes. We also rely on suppliers to provide certain contact elements and interconnects incorporated into our products. Some of these components and materials are supplied by a single vendor, and some are subject to certain minimum order quantities. Generally, we rely on purchase orders rather than long-term contracts with our suppliers, which subjects us to risks, including price increases, manufacturing capacity constraints issues and component shortages. We continually assess and evaluate alternative sources of supply for all components and materials.




	Our primary manufacturing facilities are located in Livermore, San Jose and Carlsbad, California, United States. We also perform certain probe card manufacturing operations in our facilities in Suzhou, China and Yokohama, Japan.




	We maintain repair and service capabilities in Livermore, San Jose, and Carlsbad, California, United States; Dresden, Germany; Bundang, South Korea; Yokohama City and Hiroshima, Japan; Suzhou, China; Hsinchu, Taiwan; and Singapore.




	Research, Development and Engineering




	The semiconductor industry is subject to rapid technological change and new product introductions and enhancements. We believe that our continued commitment to research and development and our timely introduction of new and enhanced products and technologies are integral to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. We allocate significant resources to these efforts, and prioritize those resources to prepare for our customers’ next generation wafer test challenges. We also increasingly seek to deploy our resources to solve fundamental challenges that are both common to, and provide competitive advantage across, our SoC, DRAM, and Flash Memory product offerings and roadmaps.




	Research and development expenses were


	$44.2 million


	 for fiscal


	2015


	,


	$42.7 million


	 for fiscal


	2014


	 and


	$42.1 million


	 for fiscal


	2013


	.




	Sales and Marketing




	We sell our products worldwide through a global direct sales force. Our sales and marketing staff, located in the United States, China, Germany, Italy, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, and Taiwan, work closely with customers in the effort to understand their businesses, anticipate trends and define products that will provide significant technical and economic advantages to our customers.




	We utilize a highly skilled team of application and customer support engineers that support our customers as they integrate our products into their manufacturing processes. Through these customer relationships, we seek to develop a close understanding of customer and product requirements to align our product capabilities and capacities with our customers' roadmaps and production ramps.




	Environmental Matters




	We are subject to U.S. Federal, State, local, and foreign governmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the clean-up of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. We believe that we comply in all material respects with the environmental laws and regulations that apply to us, including those of the California Department of Toxic Substances Control, the Bay Area Air Quality Management District, the City of Livermore Water Resources Division, County of Santa Clara Department of Environmental Health, County of San Diego Hazardous Materials Division and Encino Water District, and the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health. We did not receive any notices of violations of environmental laws and regulations in fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 or


	2013


	. In the future, we may






	6















	receive notices of violations of environmental regulations, or otherwise learn of such violations. Environmental contamination or violations may negatively impact our business.




	We are also subject to SEC rules that will require diligence, disclosure and reporting on whether certain minerals and metals, known as conflict minerals, used in our products originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries. We have implemented a program in the effort to comply with these new rules, which could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals we use in our products. We will not only incur costs in relation to our compliance with such disclosure requirements, but may also face difficulties in satisfying any of our customers who require that all of our products are certified as conflict mineral free.




	Competition




	The highly competitive probe card market comprises many domestic and foreign companies, and has historically been fragmented with many local suppliers servicing individual customers in often differentiated applications. Our current and potential competitors in the probe card market include AMST Co., Ltd., Cascade Microtech, Inc., Feinmetall GmbH, Japan Electronic Materials Corporation, Korea Instrument Co., Ltd., M2N Co., Ltd., Microfriend Inc., Micronics Japan Co., Ltd., MPI Corporation, NHK Spring Co., Ltd., Soulbrain Engineering, SV Probe, Inc., Synergie CAD, Technoprobe, TSE Co., Ltd. and WILL-Technology Co., Ltd., among others. In addition to the ability to address probe card performance and capability requirements in differing applications, the primary competitive factors in the industry in which we compete include product quality and reliability, price, total cost of ownership, design and manufacturing lead times, service capability, geographic proximity, field applications support and timeliness of delivery.




	Some of our competitors are also suppliers of other types of test equipment or other semiconductor equipment and may have greater financial and other resources than we do. We expect our competitors may enhance their current products and may introduce new products that will be competitive with our probe cards. In addition, it is possible that new competitors, including test equipment manufacturers, may offer new technologies that reduce the value of our probe cards.




	Additionally, semiconductor manufacturers may implement chip designs that include built-in self-test, or BIST, capabilities or similar functions or methodologies that increase test throughput and reduce test content, thereby eliminating some or all of our current product advantages. Our ability to compete favorably may also be adversely affected by delays in qualification of our new products, very short design and manufacturing lead time requirements, long-standing relationships between our competitors and certain semiconductor manufacturers, and semiconductor manufacturer test strategies that include low performance semiconductor testers and less complex probe cards.




	Intellectual Property




	Our success depends in part upon our ability to continue to innovate and invest in research and development to meet the testing requirements of our customers, to maintain and protect our proprietary technology, and to conduct our business without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, trademarks and contractual restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. We have filed actions to enforce those rights against third parties, and may pursue such actions in the future.




	We have generated, and continue to generate and maintain, patents and other intellectual property rights covering innovations that are intended to create a competitive advantage, and to support the protection of our investments in research and development. We believe that we possess one of the most substantial patent portfolios relevant to probe card products. Many of our issued patents cover features of our products, including inventions related to interconnect technologies, probe cards and testing, wafer-level packaging and test, sockets and assemblies, and microchips.




	Although we believe that our patents and other intellectual property rights have significant value, we do not believe that maintaining or growing our business is materially dependent on any single patent. Due to the rapid pace of innovation within the markets that we serve, it is possible that our protection through patents may be less important than factors such as our technological expertise, continuing development of new products and technologies, protection of trade secrets, market penetration, customer relationships, and our ability to provide comprehensive support and service to customers worldwide.




	No assurance can be given that any patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that the rights granted thereunder will provide us with a sustained competitive advantage. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to protect our technology, or that competitors will not be able to independently develop similar or functionally competitive technologies, design around our patents, or attempt to manufacture and sell infringing products in countries that do not strongly enforce intellectual property rights.
















	7















	Employees




	As of


	December 26, 2015


	, we had


	958


	 regular full-time employees, including


	587


	 in operations,


	194


	 in research and development,


	110


	 in sales and marketing and


	67


	 in general and administrative functions. By region,


	705


	 of our employees were in North America,


	63


	 in China,


	60


	 in Singapore,


	53


	 in South Korea,


	34


	 in Taiwan,


	34


	 in Japan and


	9


	 in Europe. No employees are currently covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that, overall, our relations with our employees are good.




	Available Information




	We maintain a website at


	http://www.formfactor.com


	. We make available free of charge on our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the United State Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. The reference to our website does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at the site.




	The public may also read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet website that contains reports and other information regarding issuers, such as FormFactor, that file electronically with the SEC. The SEC's Internet website is located at


	http://www.sec.gov


	.




	Directors and Executive Officers




	Directors.


	  The names of the members of our board of directors, their ages as of


	December 26, 2015


	, and their current occupations are set forth below.





























	Name of Director






	 






	Age






	 






	Current Occupation








	Edward Rogas, Jr. 






	 






	75













	 






	Director of Vitesse Semiconductor Corporation








	Lothar Maier






	 






	60













	 






	Chief Executive Officer and Director of Linear Technology Corporation








	Michael D. Slessor






	 






	46













	 






	Chief Executive Officer and Director of FormFactor, Inc.








	Michael W. Zellner






	 






	60













	 






	Director of FormFactor, Inc.








	Kelley Steven-Waiss (1)






	 






	46













	 






	Director of FormFactor, Inc.








	Richard DeLateur






	 






	57













	 






	Director of FormFactor, Inc.








	Thomas St. Dennis






	 






	62













	 






	Executive Chairman of FormFactor, Inc.



















	(1)






	Ms. Steven-Waiss was appointed to the Company's Board in August 2015.







	Edward Rogas, Jr.


	 has served as a Director since October 2010. Mr. Rogas served as a Director of Vitesse Semiconductor Corporation until April 2015, Vignani Technologies Pvt Ltd until February 2014 and Photon Dynamics, Inc., from May 2006 to October 2008. Mr. Rogas held management positions at Teradyne, Inc. for over 29 years, including serving as Senior Vice President from 2000 through 2005. Mr. Rogas holds an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School and a B.S. from the United States Naval Academy.




	Lothar Maier


	 has served as a Director since November 2006. Mr. Maier has served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the board of directors of Linear Technology Corporation (Nasdaq: LLTC), a supplier of high performance analog integrated circuits since January 2005. Prior to that, Mr. Maier served as Linear Technology's Chief Operating Officer from April 1999 to December 2004. Before joining Linear Technology, Mr. Maier held various management positions at Cypress Semiconductor Corporation, a provider of high-performance, mixed-signal, programmable solutions, from 1983 to 1999, reaching the level of Senior Vice President and Executive Vice President of Worldwide Operations. Mr. Maier holds a B.S. in chemical engineering from the University of California at Berkeley.




	Michael Slessor


	 has served as a Director since October 2013. Dr. Slessor became our Chief Executive Officer on December 28, 2014. Dr. Slessor served as our President from October 2013 to December 27, 2014, and as Senior Vice President and General Manager, MicroProbe Product Group from October 2012 to October 2013. Before joining FormFactor, Dr. Slessor was President and Chief Executive Officer of MicroProbe from July 2008 through the October 2012 closing of FormFactor's acquisition of MicroProbe. Prior to joining MicroProbe, he held various management, product-marketing, and applications-engineering positions in the semiconductor industry, primarily with KLA-Tencor. Dr. Slessor received his Ph.D. in Aeronautics and Physics from the California Institute of Technology and his B.A.Sc. in Engineering Physics from the University of British Columbia.






	8















	Michael W. Zellner 


	has served as a Director since April 2011. Mr. Zellner served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Cyan, Inc. (NYSE: CYNI) from March 2013 through March 2014. He was Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of PMC-Sierra, Inc. (Nasdaq: PMCS) from March 2007 to November 2012. Prior to joining PMC-Sierra, Mr. Zellner was Senior Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer at Wind River Systems, Inc., a device software solutions provider to the electronics industry. Mr. Zellner attended the Stanford Executive Program at the Stanford Graduate School of Business as well as the MBA and BBA accounting program at Florida Atlantic University.









	Kelley Steven-Waiss


	 has served as a Director since August 2015. Ms. Waiss has served as the Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer of Extreme Networks, Inc., a software and services-led networking solutions company since March 2014. Prior to that, Ms. Waiss served as the Vice President of Worldwide Human Resources for Integrated Device Technology, Inc., a provider of mixed-signal semiconductor solutions from 2009-2012, and prior to that, as the VP of Worldwide Human Resources for PMC-Sierra, Inc., a provider of semiconductor and systems solutions. Ms. Waiss also serves on the board of directors of ALean, a Silicon Valley based educational non-profit. She holds an M.A. in human resources and organization development from the University of San Francisco and a B.A. in journalism from the University of Arizona.




	Richard DeLateur


	has served as a Director since May 2011, and as our Lead Independent Director since May 2014. Mr. DeLateur served as Chief Financial Officer of FormFactor, Inc. from May 2010 to May 2011. Mr. DeLateur is a 20-year veteran of Intel's finance team, where he held various positions, including the role of Vice President and Group Controller of Worldwide Technology and Manufacturing. Mr. DeLateur more recently served as Chief Financial Officer at the private companies Fluidigm Corporation and Topsin Corporation. Mr. DeLateur had also served as a Director at Numonyx Corp., a leading manufacturer of Flash memory, which is now part of Micron Technology, Inc. Mr. DeLateur holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of California, Davis and was awarded his Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) certification in 1999.




	Thomas St. Dennis


	 has served as a Director since September 2010, when he joined our company, and as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors since October 23, 2013, and became Chairman of the Board of Directors in February 2016. Mr. St. Dennis served as our Chief Executive Officer from September 2010 through December 27, 2014. Mr. St. Dennis also currently serves as a director on the Board of Axcelis Technologies, Inc. since May 2015. Mr. St. Dennis previously held various positions at Applied Materials, Inc. from 1992 to 1999 and again from 2005 to 2009. His last at Applied Materials, Inc. was Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Silicon Systems Group. He also worked at Novellus Systems, Inc. as Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing from 2003 to 2005. From 1999 to 2003 Mr. St. Dennis was President and CEO of Wind River Systems, Inc. Mr. St. Dennis currently also sits on the Board of Mattson Technology, Inc. Mr. St. Dennis holds a B.S. in Physics and a M.S. in Physics, both from UCLA.




	Executive Officers.


	Our executive officers, their ages as of


	December 26, 2015


	, and their positions with our company are set forth below.





























	Name






	 






	Age






	 






	Position








	Thomas St. Dennis






	 






	62













	 






	Executive Chairman








	Michael M. Ludwig






	 






	54













	 






	Chief Financial Officer








	Michael D. Slessor






	 






	46













	 






	Chief Executive Officer and Director










	Michael M. Ludwig


	 has served as our Chief Financial Officer since May 2011. Mr. Ludwig also served as our Vice President, Finance from December 2009 to May 2011, was a consultant to our company from February 2009 to December 2009, and served as our Vice President and Corporate Controller from April 2001 to April 2007. Mr. Ludwig has also held senior level finance and accounting positions at Force 10 Networks, Inc., a division of Dell Inc., that builds and secures high performance networks, and at divisions of Tyco Electronics and Beckman Coulter. Mr. Ludwig holds a B.S. in accounting from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona.




	Cascade Microtech Acquisition




	On February 3, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger under which we agreed to acquire Cascade Microtech through the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary with and into Cascade Microtech. Subject to the terms of the merger agreement, at the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of Cascade Microtech common stock will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive (a) $16.00 in cash, without interest, and (b) 0.6534 shares of FormFactor common stock. Cascade Microtech is an Oregon corporation that designs, develops, manufactures and markets advanced wafer probing, thermal and reliability solutions for the electrical measurement and testing of high performance semiconductor devices.






	9















	Subject to the terms of the merger agreement, at the effective time of the merger, all of the outstanding and vested equity awards of Cascade Microtech will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash in respect of the merger consideration the shares of Cascade Microtech common stock underlying the awards would have received, and all of the outstanding and unvested equity awards of Cascade Microtech will be assumed on substantially the same terms, except that the number of shares of our common stock that will underlie the assumed award and the exercise price of any assumed option will be determined pursuant to a formula intended to preserve the intrinsic value of the original award.




	Completion of the merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by Cascade Microtech’s shareholders and expiration of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, among others, and therefore has not been reflected in the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There is no financing condition to our obligations under the merger agreement. We expect the merger to be completed in mid-2016.




	To finance a portion of the consideration for the proposed merger, we entered into a commitment letter with certain lenders to provide a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate amount of $150 million. The funding of the term loan facility is subject to certain conditions, including the execution of definitive financing documentation, the consummation of the merger in accordance with the merger agreement, the absence of a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the merger agreement), a minimum liquidity condition and other customary closing conditions.




	The above description of the merger agreement and the proposed merger is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement included as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2016.






	Item 1A:    


	Risk Factors




	In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating FormFactor and our business. If any of the identified risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only ones we face. Additional risks that we currently do not know about, or that we currently believe to be sufficiently important to describe here may also impair our business operations or the trading price of our common stock.




	A delay in qualifying next generation products could result in higher development costs and loss of market share, which could negatively impact our business and financial results.




	We may suffer from delays in qualifying our next-generation products at our customers. In 2013, we increased our activities and spending on the development of a new NAND Flash probe card architecture, which is incorporated into our Vector NAND Flash memory probe card. In 2015, we successfully qualified our Vector probe card at two customers. If we are not able to continue to successfully qualify our Vector product at other NAND Flash memory customers, or if we are not able to realize material revenues from sales of the Vector probe card in the future, it could negatively impact our revenues and margins and harm our business. We continue to invest in research and development activities around new product technologies and architectures. In 2015, we introduced new vertical MEMS products for sub-100um pitch Copper pillar probing and wirebond pads probing. If we are unable to qualify and successfully introduce products incorporating new product technologies and architectures, it may negatively impact our business.









	We have announced a proposed acquisition and may make additional acquisitions and investments in the future, which could put a strain on our resources, cause ownership dilution to our stockholders and adversely affect our financial results.









	On February 4, 2016, we announced our proposed acquisition of Cascade Microtech, which is expected to close in mid-2016. Our proposed acquisition of Cascade Microtech will subject us to a number of risks and uncertainties, including that:


















	•






	the process of integrating Cascade Microtech’s business, additional lines of products or technologies into our company could put a strain on our resources, be expensive and time consuming, substantially reduce our cash reserves, cause delays in product delivery and might not be successful;





















	•






	management's attention may be diverted from other business concerns and our business may be exposed to unforeseen liabilities or risks associated with entering new markets;





















	•






	we might lose key Cascade Microtech employees during or after the integration process;









	10





























	•






	we might not be successful in integrating Cascade Microtech’s business, products or technologies, and might not achieve the revenues and cost benefits we anticipate, even if Cascade Microtech is integrated;





















	•






	our purchase of Cascade Microtech may require additional investment that we do not currently anticipate;





















	•






	customers of Cascade Microtech or us may become dissatisfied, especially if we experience performance problems creating, maintaining, distributing or otherwise with Cascade Microtech’s products;





















	•






	we will issue new equity securities in connection with a transaction as part of the consideration paid to Cascade Microtech’s shareholders which will result in dilution to our existing stockholders;





















	•






	we will finance a portion of the consideration to be paid to Cascade shareholders in connection with the merger through a new senior secured term loan facility for $150 million, which will contain restrictive debt covenants;





















	•






	we may assume contingent liabilities, experience possible impairment charges related to goodwill or other intangible assets or encounter other unanticipated events or circumstances upon completion of the acquisition of Cascade Microtech, any of which could harm our business; or





















	•






	we will have less cash available for other purposes, including for use in acquisitions of other technologies or businesses.












	In addition to our proposed acquisition of Cascade Microtech, we may in the future make other acquisitions or investments, which may subject us to similar risks. Integrating any newly acquired businesses, products or technologies into our company could put a strain on our resources, could be expensive and time consuming, could substantially reduce our cash reserves, could cause delays in product delivery and might not be successful. Future acquisitions and investments could divert management's attention from other business concerns and expose our business to unforeseen liabilities or risks associated with entering new markets. In addition, we might lose key employees while integrating new organizations. We might not be successful in integrating any acquired businesses, products or technologies, and might not achieve anticipated revenues and cost benefits. Investments that we make may not result in a return consistent with our projections upon which such investments are made, or may require additional investment that we did not originally anticipate. In addition, future acquisitions could result in customer dissatisfaction, performance problems with an acquired company, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt and restrictive debt covenants, contingent liabilities, possible impairment charges related to goodwill or other intangible assets or other unanticipated events or circumstances, any of which could harm our business.




	We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of customers, and we could continue to experience significant declines in our revenues if any major customer cancels, reduces, delays a purchase of, or does not place a projected order for our products, or does not pay us, or delays or extends payment for our products past their original due dates.




	A relatively small number of customers account for a significant portion of our revenues.


	Four


	 customers represented


	60%


	 of total revenues in fiscal


	2015


	,


	3


	 customers represented


	52%


	 of total revenues in fiscal


	2014


	 and


	3


	 customers represented


	46%


	 of total revenues in fiscal


	2013


	. In fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	, our ten largest customers accounted for


	78%


	,


	80%


	 and


	75%


	 of our revenues, respectively. We anticipate that sales of our products to a relatively small number of customers will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues. Consolidation in the semiconductor industry may increase this concentration. In the future, the loss of any of these customers, or cancellation, reduction or deferral of even a small number of purchases of our products by these customers could significantly reduce our revenues. Cancellations, reductions or deferrals could result from another downturn in the semiconductor industry, or from manufacturing delays, quality or reliability issues with our products, or from interruptions to our customers' operations due to fire, natural disasters or other events. Furthermore, because our probe cards are custom products designed for our customers' unique wafer designs, any cancellations, reductions or delays can result in significant, non-recoverable costs. In some situations, our customers might be able to cancel or reduce orders without a significant penalty.




	Our customers could also fail to pay all or part of an invoice for our products. If a customer fails to pay us or delays payment for our products, we may be unable to recognize revenue, our financial condition and liquidity could be adversely impacted and we may incur additional charges for uncollectable customer receivable. It is also possible that if we make the decision to initiate legal proceedings against customers to seek payment of outstanding receivables, it will negatively impact a customer relationship and result in lost revenues in the future. As happened with our customer ProMos Technologies, customers with financial difficulties may be forced to materially reduce or discontinue operations, file for bankruptcy or other relief, or






	11















	may be acquired by one of our other customers, any of which would further reduce our customer base and/or result in the loss of revenues.




	Changes in customers' test strategies, equipment and processes could cause us to lose revenues.




	The demand for probe cards depends in large part upon the number of semiconductor designs, the pace of technology and architecture transitions in chip designs and overall semiconductor unit volume. The time it takes to test a wafer depends upon the number of devices being tested, the complexity of these devices, the test software program and the test equipment itself. As test programs become increasingly effective and test throughput increases, the number of probe cards required to test a given volume of devices declines. Therefore, advances in the test process could cause us to lose sales. Further, many semiconductor manufacturers are implementing chip designs featuring built-in-self-test, or BIST, capabilities or similar "design for testability", or DFT, functions or methodologies that increase test throughput and reduce the cost of test. These efforts include strategies to reduce the technical requirements on test equipment, or to improve data about device performance early in the manufacturing process, or to test the device later in the manufacturing process for quality assurance purposes. In some cases, BIST or DFT can create opportunities for our technologies. In other cases, BIST or DFT can reduce requirements for wafer-level test and reduce our opportunities. Although we seek to work with our customers to show ways that our technologies can be applied together with BIST and DFT approaches to create opportunities to further reduce the cost of test, the overall impact of BIST and DFT technologies could slow the migration to wafer level testing and adversely affect our revenues.




	Similar results could occur if new chip designs are implemented which we are unable to test efficiently, or if semiconductor manufacturers reduce generally the amount or degree of wafer test they perform. We incur significant research and development expenses in conjunction with the introduction of new product architectures and platforms. The introduction and adoption of new test equipment platforms can impact probe card requirements and/or demand, which could harm our revenues. Additionally, because our customers require both test equipment and probe cards, a delay or disruption in the introduction of new test equipment platforms could negatively affect our growth.




	Cyclicality in the semiconductor industry may adversely impact our sales in the future, and as a result we have experienced and may continue to experience reduced revenues and operating results.




	The semiconductor industry has historically been cyclical and is characterized by wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. From time to time, this industry has experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or in anticipation of, maturing product and technology cycles, excess inventories and declines in general economic conditions. The global economic and semiconductor downturns have caused and may in the future cause our operating results to decline dramatically from one period to the next. Our business depends heavily upon the development and manufacture of new semiconductors, the rate at which semiconductor manufacturers make transitions to smaller nanometer technology nodes and implement tooling cycles, the volume of production by semiconductor manufacturers and the overall financial strength of our customers, which, in turn, depend upon the current and anticipated market demand for semiconductors and products, such as servers, personal computers, automobiles and cell phones, that use semiconductors. During industry downturns, semiconductor manufacturers generally sharply curtail their spending, including their equipment spending, defer their adoption of emerging technologies and historically have lowered their spending disproportionately more than the decline in their revenues. This is particularly true when there is a point during an industry cycle in which the semiconductor manufacturers' costs related to semiconductor devices approach or exceed the sales price of the devices. As a result, we would experience reduced revenues due to the decreased demand for our probe cards by our semiconductor manufacturer customers. Accordingly, if we do not adjust our levels of manufacturing and human resources or manage our costs and deliveries from suppliers in response to lower spending by semiconductor manufacturers, our gross margin may decline and cause us to experience further operating losses.




	Changes in customers' product roadmaps and the timelines associated with those roadmaps could negatively impact our product development effort and new product introductions, which could in turn, cause us to lose revenues.




	The demand for probe cards depends in large part upon the demand for semiconductor devices and our customers' product roadmaps. For example, the DRAM market was impacted negatively in fiscal 2013 as secular changes in the personal computer markets significantly lowered demand for commodity DRAM. We may be required to make changes to our operational or R&D activities to reduce the breadth of our investments in certain of our products. For example, in the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we suspended development activities specific to our next generation Matrix platform and consolidated our technologies and development to extend the capabilities of the then-current Matrix platform. If this consolidation does not continue to be successful, or does not extend the capabilities of our products as anticipated, or if changes to our operational or R&D activities impact our ability to introduce competitive products in the future, we may lose sales and our financial results will be negatively impacted.











	12















	The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be harmed.




	We are experiencing increased competition in the probe card market and we expect competition to intensify in the future. Increased competition has resulted in, and in the future is likely to result in, price reductions, reduced gross margins or loss of market share. Competitors might introduce new competitive products for the same markets that our products currently serve. These products may have better performance, lower prices and/or broader acceptance than our products. Competitive products may not have better performance, lower prices and/or broader acceptance than our products, but may be able to meet shorter delivery times required by customers and result in the loss of revenue for us. In addition, for products such as probe cards, semiconductor manufacturers typically qualify more than one source to avoid dependence on a single source of supply. As a result, our customers would likely purchase products from our competitors. Current or potential competitors include AMST Co., Ltd., Cascade Microtech, Inc., Feinmetall GmbH, Japan Electronic Materials Corporation, Korea Instrument Co., Ltd., M2N Co., Ltd., Microfriend Inc., Micronics Japan Co., Ltd., MPI Corporation, NHK Spring Co., Ltd., Soulbrain Engineering, SV Probe, Inc., Synergie CAD, Technoprobe, TSE Co., Ltd. and WILL-Technology Co., Ltd., among others.




	Many of our current or potential competitors have larger customer bases, more established customer relationships or greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing and other resources than we do. As a result, they might be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products, and reduce prices to increase market share. Some of our competitors also supply other types of test equipment. Those competitors that offer both advanced probe cards and needle probe cards might have strong, existing relationships with our existing customers or with potential customers. It is possible that one or more of our competitors may be able to increase their sales to mutual customers, resulting in a loss of revenue share for us. It is further possible that existing or new competitors, including test equipment manufacturers, may offer new technologies that reduce the value of our probe cards.




	If we fail to protect our proprietary rights, our competitors might gain access to our technology, which could adversely affect our ability to compete successfully in our markets and harm our operating results.




	If we choose not to protect our proprietary rights or fail in our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, our competitors might gain access to our technology. Unauthorized parties might attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Others might independently develop similar or competing technologies or methods or design around our patents. In addition, the laws of many foreign countries in which we or our customers do business do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. As a result, our proprietary rights could be compromised, our competitors might offer products similar to ours and we might not be able to compete successfully. We also cannot assure that:













	•






	our means of protecting our proprietary rights will be adequate;
















	•






	patents will be issued from our pending or future applications;
















	•






	our existing or future patents will be sufficient in scope or strength to provide any meaningful protection or commercial advantage to us;
















	•






	our patents or other intellectual property will not be invalidated, circumvented or successfully challenged in the United States or foreign countries; or
















	•






	others will not misappropriate our proprietary technologies or independently develop similar technologies, duplicate our products or design around any of our patents or other intellectual property, or attempt to manufacture and sell infringing products in countries that do not strongly enforce intellectual property rights.







	We spent and may be required to spend in the future, significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights.




	In certain cases, our competitors have initiated re-examination proceedings in the USPTO and invalidity proceedings in foreign patent offices against certain of our patents. Any litigation, whether or not resolved in our favor, and whether initiated by us or by a third party, could result in significant and possibly material expense to us and divert the efforts of our management and technical personnel. In addition, while patents are territorial and a ruling on a certain given patent does not necessarily impact the validity or enforceability of a corresponding or related patent in a different country, an adverse ruling in one country might negatively impact our ability to enforce the corresponding or related patent in other countries. Certain of our customer contracts contain provisions that require us to defend and/or indemnify our customers for third party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling in such a claim. An adverse determination could also negatively impact our ability to license certain of our technologies and methods to others, and result in






	13















	our competitors being allowed to sell products with, or add to their products, features and benefits contained in our products, thereby reducing our competitive advantages over these competing products.




	If we do not innovate and keep pace with technological developments in the semiconductor industry, our products might not be competitive and our revenues and operating results could suffer.




	We must continue to innovate and to invest in research and development to improve our competitive position and to meet the testing requirements of our customers. Our future growth depends, in significant part, upon our ability to work effectively with and anticipate the testing needs of our customers and to develop and support new products and product enhancements to meet these needs on a timely and cost-effective basis. Our customers' testing needs are becoming more challenging as the semiconductor industry continues to experience rapid technological change driven by the demand for complex circuits that are shrinking in size, are increasing in speed and functionality and also becoming less expensive to produce. Examples of trends driving demand for technological research and development include semiconductor manufacturers' transition to 20 nanometer DRAM technology node, Flash and SoC fabrication process nodes, transition to higher gigabit density memory and lower-power multi-core processors, and rapid adoption of advanced  IC packaging types, such as wafer-level packaging, Flipchip devices, devices incorporating Copper Pillar packaging, and Through-Silicon-Via (TSV) technologies. Our customers expect that they will be able to integrate our probe cards into any manufacturing process as soon as they are installed. Therefore, to meet these expectations and remain competitive, we must continually design, develop and introduce on a timely basis new products and product enhancements with improved features.




	We may also work collaboratively with one or more third parties in the development of new technologies or in improvements to our existing technologies. It is possible that these collaborations may be delayed, or even ultimately prove unsuccessful, by matters outside of our control, such as the financial condition of the third party. It is possible that our internal development efforts and engagements with third parties regarding the development of manufacturing equipment having similar functionality may have a lengthy development and ramp up time and negatively impact our ability to complete new products and realize revenue from those products.




	Successful product design, development and introduction on a timely basis require that we:













	•






	design innovative and performance-enhancing product architectures, technologies and features that differentiate our products from those of our competitors;
















	•






	in some cases engage with third parties who have particular expertise in order to complete one or more aspects of the design and manufacturing process;
















	•






	qualify with the customer(s) the new product, or an existing product incorporating new technology;
















	•






	transition our products to new manufacturing technologies;
















	•






	offer our products for sale at competitive price levels while maintaining our gross-margins within our financial model;
















	•






	identify emerging technological trends in our target markets;
















	•






	maintain effective marketing strategies;
















	•






	respond effectively to technological changes or product announcements by others; and
















	•






	adjust to changing market conditions quickly and cost-effectively.







	Not only do we need the technical expertise to implement the changes necessary to keep our technologies current, but we must also rely heavily on the judgment of our management to anticipate future market trends. If we are unable to timely predict industry changes or industry trends, or if we are unable to modify our products or design, manufacture and deliver new products on a timely basis, or if a third party with which we engage does not timely deliver a component or service for one of our product modifications or new products, we might lose customers or market share. In addition, we might not be able to recover our research and development expenditures, which could harm our operating results.




	We have recorded significant restructuring, inventory write-offs and asset impairment charges in the past and may do so again in the future, which could have a material negative impact on our business.




	We recorded material restructuring charges related to our global workforce reductions in fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	, and impairment charges related to our long-lived assets in fiscal


	2014


	 and fiscal


	2013


	. As we continue to align our operations with our business requirements, we may implement additional cost reduction actions, which would require us to take additional, potentially material, restructuring charges related to employee terminations, asset disposal or exit costs. We may also be






	14















	required to write off additional inventory if our product build plans or usage of inventory experience declines, and such additional write-offs could constitute material charges. In addition, significant adverse changes in market conditions could require us to take additional material impairment charges related to our long-lived assets. Our long-lived assets, including intangible assets, are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives using the straight-line and accelerated methods and are reviewed for impairment annually, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. The valuation of our long-lived assets requires assumptions and estimates of many critical factors, including revenue and market growth, operating cash flows, market multiples, and discount rates. Other adverse changes in market conditions, particularly if such changes have the effect of changing one of the critical assumptions or estimates we use in our assessment of the recoverability of our long-lived assets, could result in a change to the estimation of fair value that could result in future impairment charges. We may also incur charges for factory underutilization depending upon the demand for our products and factory capacity. Any such additional charges, whether related to restructuring, asset impairment or factory underutilization may have a material negative impact on our operating results and related financial statements.




	Our recent restructuring plans may not have properly aligned our cost structure with our business needs and overall semiconductor industry requirements and even though completed may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results.




	In each of fiscal 2009 through


	2015


	, we conducted reductions in our work force as part of company-wide organizational restructurings or cost reduction plans. These plans were intended to help focus our resources more strategically towards business needs and industry requirements. We realized certain cost savings from these restructuring actions, but our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected if we experience unanticipated inefficiencies as a result of our restructuring activities, unanticipated or product delivery or quality issues resulting in impaired customer relationships caused by reduced headcount, or delay in ramping the manufacture of our products or delay in our development, introduction and qualification of our new products and technologies. We cannot ensure we will not undertake additional workforce reductions, that any of our restructuring efforts will be successful, or that we will be able to realize the cost savings and other anticipated benefits from our previous or future restructuring plans. Any of these issues could render our restructuring plan ineffective, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating results.




	If we do not continue to take steps to optimize the structure of our operations to position our company for long-term, profitable growth, we might not succeed.




	The timing, length and severity of the cyclical downturns in the semiconductor industry are difficult to predict. This cyclicality affects our ability to accurately predict our future operating results and plan our business, and could also impair the value of our tangible and intangible assets. We implemented global cost reduction plans in each fiscal year from 2009 through


	2014


	 and are continuing to pursue measures to improve our operating efficiency. Such cost reduction plans and measures to improve operating efficiency have included workforce reductions, the consolidation of manufacturing capacity, the centralization of support functions to regional and global shared service centers and the combining of the technical and manufacturing teams across multiple product lines. If we do not continue to implement measures for optimizing our financial model for prevailing market conditions, our competitiveness could be seriously harmed, our ability to invest in our business for future growth may be negatively impacted and our company might not succeed. If we do not successfully structure our operations by, for example, strengthening our local application and service capabilities to improve customer responsiveness, changing our manufacturing structure and processes for shorter cycle time and improved product delivery capabilities, realigning our research and development efforts, and continue to motivate and retain our key employees, we may experience deterioration in our business and our company might not succeed. In addition, if we are unable to proactively and effectively manage our operations and/or realign our controls, systems and infrastructure to changing business conditions, for example as the semiconductor industry moves past a cyclical downturn, we may not be in a position to boost our personnel, manufacturing capacity, service capabilities and productivity, and support growth in response to increasing customer demand for our products, which would, in turn, have a negative impact on our operating results.




	Our pricing for our products could result in certain customers deciding to not purchase our products, which could negatively impact our business and financial results.




	We believe that our pricing guidelines are consistent with normal industry cost learning curves, but certain customers may in the future react negatively to our pricing and elect to not purchase our products, to purchase fewer of our products as compared to those of our competitors, or to phase out the purchase of our products, in which case our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially and adversely impacted.
















	15















	If goodwill or other intangible assets that we recorded in connection with the MicroProbe Acquisition become impaired, we could be required to take significant charges against earnings.




	In connection with the accounting for the MicroProbe Acquisition, we have recorded a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets. Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets have been impaired. Finite-lived intangible assets will be assessed for impairment in the event of an impairment indicator. Any reduction or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and stockholders' equity in future periods. Similarly, any goodwill we may record upon the completion of our proposed acquisition of Cascade Microtech could become impaired in future periods. Refer to note 8 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -


	Goodwill and Intangible Assets


	 for further details relating to our annual goodwill impairment assessment.




	Periodic global economic and semiconductor industry downturns could negatively affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.




	Global economic and semiconductor industry downturns have in the past negatively affected and could in the future negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. During a downturn, we may experience declines in demand for our probe cards resulting from our customers taking steps to conserve cash by cutting production, postponing the implementation of tooling cycles and delaying the ramp of new technology nodes in response to slow demand for consumer and other products incorporating devices tested with our probe cards. We may also experience increased pricing pressure on certain of our products, which may reduce our gross margins. A protracted downturn could cause customers to become insolvent, resulting in a loss of revenue and/or the uncollectability of accounts receivable. Downturns have historically, and may in the future, cause customers to seek extended payment terms or delay payment for our products past their original due dates, resulting in deferral of revenue and increasing our potential bad debt exposure.




	It is also possible that one or more of our key suppliers may become insolvent, leading to delays in the development and shipment of our products, increased expense and loss of revenue. In addition, we may experience increased impairment charges due to declines in the fair values of marketable debt securities, or charges based upon underutilization of our factory.




	Environmental and other disasters, such as flooding, earthquakes, fires, volcanic eruptions or leakage from nuclear reactors, or a combination thereof, may negatively impact our business.




	Our business is vulnerable to the direct and indirect impact of environmental and other disasters. For example, flooding in Thailand in 2012 negatively impacted the operations of several disk drive manufacturers, which created a shortage of disk drives available for incorporation into personal computers. This disk drive shortage resulted in a slowing of the manufacture of personal computers and for the DRAM incorporated into personal computers, which created an oversupply of DRAM devices and caused price erosion for our DRAM probe cards. It is possible that future acts of terrorism, environmental events or natural disasters, such as earthquakes and aftershocks, and infrastructure events arising out of such occurrences and disasters, could negatively impact our suppliers’ ability to supply components to us on a timely basis. Any such delays in supplying or delivering components to us could, and any catastrophic loss suffered by our key suppliers would likely, disrupt our operations, delay production and shipments and adversely affect our revenues and business. Similarly, any catastrophic loss at our California facilities, such as from an earthquake, would materially and adversely affect our business.




	If we are unable to efficiently manufacture our existing probe card products and our new probe card products, our business may be materially adversely affected.




	We must continuously improve our manufacturing processes in an effort to increase yields and product performance, lower our costs and reduce the time required for us to design, manufacture and deliver our products in volume. If we cannot do these things, both our existing products and our new products may not be commercially successful, our revenues may be adversely affected, our customer relationships and our reputation may be harmed and our business may be materially adversely affected. To improve our manufacturing processes, we have incurred, and may incur in the future, substantial costs in an effort to optimize capacity and yields, implement new manufacturing technologies, methods and processes, purchase new equipment, upgrade existing equipment and train technical personnel. We have experienced, and may experience in the future, manufacturing delays and other inefficiencies in connection with implementation of these improvements and customer qualifications of new processes, which have caused and could cause in the future, our operating results to decline.




	We have also experienced, and may experience in the future, difficulties in manufacturing our complex products in volume on time and at acceptable yields and cost and installation issues in the field due to the complexity of customer design requirements, including integration of probe cards with varying customer test cell environments and testing of semiconductor devices over a wide temperature range. For example, design and manufacturing delays related to our Matrix architecture products resulted in qualification at certain customers taking longer than we anticipated. Once a new product or technology is






	16















	qualified, if we are unable to timely and efficiently expand our manufacturing capacity and ramp volume production to meet customer demand, our operating results will be negatively impacted. Delayed qualification has caused in the past, and could continue to cause, lost sales opportunities. This increases our vulnerability to our competitors and the likelihood that our customers will seek solutions from other suppliers or to develop solutions themselves. If demand for our products decreases, we could have excess manufacturing capacity. The fixed costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity could cause our operating results to decline. If we are unable to achieve further manufacturing efficiencies and cost reductions, particularly if we are experiencing pricing pressures in the marketplace, our operating results could suffer.




	Consolidation in the semiconductor industry and within the semiconductor test equipment market could adversely affect the market for our products and negatively impact our ability to compete, which could cause a decline in our revenues.




	Consolidation in the semiconductor industry may reduce our customer base and could adversely affect the market for our products, which could cause a decline in our revenues. With consolidation, the number of semiconductor customers in the industry has decreased in recent years. Consolidation may lead to relatively fewer opportunities to sell our products if we are not chosen as a supplier by any given prospective customer, and may lead to increased pricing pressures from customers that have greater volume purchasing power.




	There has also been a recent move toward consolidation within the semiconductor test equipment market. This consolidation trend could change our interactions and relationships with semiconductor tester and prober companies and negatively impact our revenue and operating results.




	We depend upon the sale of our probe cards for substantially all of our revenues, and the majority of our probe cards are utilized by semiconductor manufacturers for testing SoC and DRAM devices. If we experience a downturn in demand for our SoC and DRAM products, our revenues could decline.




	We have historically derived substantially all of our revenues from the sale of our probe cards to manufacturers of DRAM, flash memory devices, and microprocessor, chipset and other SoC devices. Subsequent to the acquisition of MicroProbe in October 2012, our revenues have substantially been derived from the sale of our probe cards to manufacturers of SoC and DRAM devices.




	For fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	, sales to manufacturers of SoC devices accounted for


	52%


	,


	53%


	 and


	50%


	, respectively, of our revenues. Sales to manufacturers of DRAM devices accounted for


	44%


	,


	41%


	 and


	40%


	, respectively, and sales to manufacturers of Flash Memory devices accounted for


	4%


	,


	6%


	 and


	10%


	, respectively. We anticipate that sales of probe cards will represent a substantial majority of our revenues for the foreseeable future. Our success depends in large part upon the continued acceptance of our products and our ability to continue to develop and introduce new products that meet our customers' requirements on a timely basis resulting in gained market share. In particular, to continue to grow our business, we need to gain additional market share with manufacturers of Flash memory and SoC devices. To the extent that we are unable to realize cost reductions and manufacturing efficiencies in the production of our probe cards, or if we are not able to timely deliver our products, our revenues and business operations could be adversely impacted and our ability to grow could suffer. In 2013, we increased our activities and spending on the development of a new NAND Flash probe card architecture, which is incorporated into our Vector NAND Flash memory probe card. In 2015, we successfully qualified our Vector probe card at two customers. If we are not able to continue to successfully qualify our Vector product for other additional customers in the future, or if customers do not qualify the Vector product and purchase it for NAND Flash Memory wafer test, it could negatively impact our revenues and margins and harm our business.




	 As our next generation probe cards are used in greater volume in commercial production, it is possible that we will identify certain areas of technical performance that require improvement, and if we are unable to continually, efficiently and in a timely manner improve our products, we could suffer reduced demand for our products and our operating results could be harmed.




	If chip manufacturers fail to make architecture, node or technology transitions as we anticipate, or if anticipated or announced transitions are delayed, it could adversely impact our revenues and operating results. In addition, we might not be able to sustain or increase our revenues from sales of our probe cards, particularly if the semiconductor market enters another downturn. Any decrease in revenues from sales of our probe cards could harm our business.




	If our relationships with our customers and companies that manufacture semiconductor test equipment deteriorate, our product development activities could be harmed.




	The success of our product development efforts depends upon our ability to anticipate market trends and to collaborate closely with our customers and with companies that manufacture semiconductor test equipment. Our relationships with these customers and companies provide us with access to valuable information regarding manufacturing and process technology trends in the semiconductor industry, which enables us to better plan our product development activities. These relationships






	17















	also provide us with opportunities to understand the performance and functionality requirements of our customers, which improves our ability to customize our products to fulfill their needs. Our relationships with test equipment companies are important to us because test equipment companies can design the use of our probe cards into their equipment and provide us with the insight into their product plans. This cooperation allows us to offer probe cards for use with the test equipment companies' products when they are introduced to the market as opposed to several months or more later, which would negatively impact our revenues.




	Our relationships with our customers and test equipment companies could deteriorate if they:













	•






	become concerned about our ability to protect their intellectual property;
















	•






	become concerned with our ability to deliver quality products on a timely basis;
















	•






	develop their own solutions to address the need for testing improvement;
















	•






	implement chip designs that include enhanced built-in self-test capabilities;
















	•






	regard us as a competitor in the case of test-equipment company, or in the case of a customer believe we are too closely aligned with a competitor of the customer;
















	•






	introduce their own probe card product;
















	•






	establish relationships with others in our industry;
















	•






	acquire or invest in a competitive probe card manufacturer or enter into a business venture with a competitive probe card manufacturer; or
















	•






	attempt to restrict our ability to enter into relationships with their competitors.







	Many of our customers and the test equipment companies we work with are large companies. The consequences of deterioration in our relationship with any of these companies could be exacerbated due to the significant influence these companies can exert in our markets. If our current relationships with our customers and test equipment companies deteriorate, or if we are unable to develop similar collaborative relationships with important customers and test equipment companies in the future, our long-term ability to produce commercially successful products could be impaired.




	Because we generally do not have a sufficient backlog of unfilled orders to meet our quarterly revenue targets, revenues in any quarter are substantially dependent upon customer orders received and fulfilled in that quarter.




	Our revenues are difficult to forecast because we generally do not have sufficient backlog of unfilled orders to meet our quarterly revenue targets at the beginning of a quarter. Rather, a substantial percentage of our revenues in any quarter depend upon customer orders for our probe cards that we receive and fulfill in that quarter. Because our expense levels are based in part on our expectations as to future revenues and to a large extent are fixed in the short term, we might be unable to adjust spending in time to compensate for any unexpected shortfall in revenues. Accordingly, any significant shortfall of revenues in relation to our expectations could hurt our operating results.




	We manufacture substantially all our products at our facilities in Livermore, San Jose, and Carlsbad, California, and any disruption in the operations of these facilities or our customer's manufacturing facilities could adversely impact our business and operating results.




	Certain of our manufacturing processes and our customers' processes require sophisticated and expensive equipment and specially designed facilities, including semiconductor clean rooms. We manufacture the majority of our probe cards at our facilities located in Livermore, San Jose, and Carlsbad, California. Any disruption in our manufacturing, whether due to contamination in our manufacturing process, technical or labor difficulties, destruction or damage from fire or earthquake, infrastructure failures such as power or water shortage or any other reason, could interrupt our operations, impair critical systems, disrupt communications with our customers and suppliers, and cause us to write off inventory, thereby potentially resulting in the loss of revenues. Further, current and potential customers might not purchase our products if they perceive our lack of a fully operational alternate manufacturing facility to be a risk to their continuing source of supply. Similarly, any of these events, such as contamination, fire, power or water shortage and labor strike could interrupt our customer's operations thereby potentially resulting in the loss of revenues to our company.
















	18















	If we are unable to continue to reduce the time it takes for us to design and produce a probe card, our growth could be impeded.




	Our customers continuously seek to reduce the time it takes them to introduce new products to market. The cyclicality of the semiconductor industry, coupled with changing demands for semiconductor devices, requires our customers to be flexible and highly adaptable to changes in the volume and mix of products they must produce. Each of those changes requires a new design and each new design requires a new probe card. For some existing semiconductor devices, the manufacturers' volume and mix of product requirements are such that we are unable to design, manufacture and ship products to meet manufacturers' relatively short cycle time requirements. We have lost sales in the past where we were unable to meet a customer's required delivery schedule for probe cards for a particular design. If we are unable to reduce the time it takes for us to design, manufacture and ship our products in response to the needs of our customers, our competitive position could be harmed and we could lose sales. If we are unable to increase design and manufacturing capacity in the event demand increases, our ability to respond to customer requirements could be challenged and our revenues could be negatively impacted.




	We obtain some of the components and materials we use in our products from a sole source or a limited group of suppliers, and the partial or complete loss of one of these suppliers could cause production delays and a substantial loss of revenues.




	We obtain some of the components and materials used in our products, such as printed circuit board assemblies, plating materials and ceramic substrates, from a sole source or a limited group of suppliers. Alternative sources are not currently available for sole source components and materials. Because we rely on purchase orders rather than long-term contracts with the majority of our suppliers, we cannot predict with certainty our ability to obtain components and materials in the longer term. A sole or limited source supplier could increase prices, which could lead to a decline in our gross profit. Our dependence upon sole or limited source suppliers exposes us to several other risks, including inability to obtain an adequate supply of materials, late deliveries and poor component quality.




	In addition, the ability of any of these suppliers to timely provide us with sufficient quality materials would be adversely affected if they are forced to reduce or discontinue operations due to financial difficulties. Disruption or termination of the supply of components or materials could delay shipments of our products, damage our customer relationships and reduce our revenues. For example, if we were unable to obtain an adequate supply of a component or material, we might have to use a substitute component or material, which could require us to make changes in our manufacturing process and could also require us to re-qualify impacted product at certain customers. From time to time, we have experienced difficulties in receiving shipments from one or more of our suppliers, especially during periods of high demand for our products. If we cannot obtain an adequate supply of the components and materials we require, or do not receive them in a timely manner, we might be required to identify new suppliers.




	We might not be able to identify new suppliers on a timely basis or at all. We, as well as our customers, would also need to qualify any new suppliers. The lead-time required to identify and qualify new suppliers could affect our ability to timely ship our products and cause our operating results to suffer. Further, a sole or limited source supplier could require us to enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments, minimum volume purchases or pay in advance to ensure our source of supply. In an industry downturn or in an environment in which growth is not at a level we projected or anticipated, commitments of this type could result in charges for excess inventory of parts.




	Further, if a customer's needs for a particular probe card design and purchase orders for those probe cards are spread out over several months as opposed to being placed at one time in a single purchase order, it may cause us to purchase excessive materials or components in light of minimum purchase requirements or to be unable to realize volume discounts for materials or components because of the lack of visibility into the customer's overall purchase plan. These purchase issues would require us to incur a greater cost of goods sold than we might otherwise realize. These issues are also magnified in those situations in which the supplied material or component is a custom component for a unique customer probe card design. Additionally, if we are unable to predict our component and materials needs accurately, or if our supply is disrupted, we might miss market opportunities by not being able to meet the demand for our products.




	Probe cards that do not meet specifications or that contain defects could damage our reputation, decrease market acceptance of our technology, cause us to lose customers and revenues, and result in liability to us.




	The complexity and ongoing development of our probe card manufacturing process, combined with increases in probe card production volumes, have in the past and could in the future lead to design or manufacturing problems. For example, we have experienced the presence of contaminants in our plating baths, which have caused a decrease in our manufacturing yields or have resulted in unanticipated stress-related failures when our probe cards are being used in the manufacturing test environment. This contamination problem caused a yield decline that, in turn, resulted in our inability to timely ship products to our customers. Manufacturing design errors such as the mis-wiring of a probe card or the incorrect placement of probe contact elements have caused us to repeat manufacturing design steps. In addition to these examples, problems might result from a






	19















	number of factors, including design defects, materials failure, failure of components manufactured by our suppliers to meet our specifications, contamination in the manufacturing environment, impurities in the materials used, and unknown sensitivities to process conditions such as temperature and humidity, and equipment failures. As a result, our products have in the past contained and might in the future contain undetected errors or defects. Any errors or defects could:













	•






	cause lower than anticipated yields and lengthen delivery schedules;
















	•






	cause delays in product shipments;
















	•






	cause delays in new product introductions;
















	•






	cause us to incur warranty expenses;
















	•






	result in increased costs and diversion of development resources;
















	•






	cause us to incur increased charges due to unusable inventory;
















	•






	require design modifications; or
















	•






	decrease market acceptance or customer satisfaction with these products.







	The occurrence of any one or more of these events could adversely affect our operating results.




	In addition, if any of our products fail to meet specifications when installed in the customer's test environment, or have reliability, quality or compatibility problems, our reputation could be damaged significantly and customers might be reluctant to buy our products, which could result in a decline in revenues, an increase in product returns or warranty costs and the loss of existing customers or the failure to attract new customers. For example, in mid-2013, we experienced certain supply chain and manufacturing challenges that impacted critical deliveries for a key DRAM customer in Japan. These delays and manufacturing challenges not only impacted in-quarter short-term revenue, but also resulted in our loss of future orders and increased warranty costs and required us to implement programs to re-establish ourselves as a key supplier to the customer. These consequences negatively impacted our operating results.




	Our customers use our products with test equipment and software in their manufacturing facilities. Our products must be compatible with the customers' equipment and software to form an integrated system. While we have designed our test capabilities and standards to replicate the actual test environment of our customers and continually work to improve our capabilities, it is possible that our probe card will perform differently in the customers' actual test environments. If our probe card does not function properly within a customer's specific test environment, we could be required to provide field application engineers to locate the problem, which can take time and resources. If the problem relates to our probe cards, we might have to invest significant capital, manufacturing capacity and other resources to correct it. Our current or potential customers also might seek to recover from us any losses resulting from defects or failures in our products. Liability claims could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation or to pay significant damages.




	If our ability to forecast demand for our products or the predictability of our manufacturing yields deteriorates, we could incur higher inventory losses than we currently experience.




	Each semiconductor chip design requires a custom probe card. Because our products are design-specific, demand for our products is difficult to forecast. Due to our customers' short delivery time requirements, we often design and procure materials and, at times, produce our products in anticipation of demand for our products rather than in response to an order. Our manufacturing yields, particularly for new DRAM and Flash Memory probe cards, have at times been unpredictable and consequently, we have produced more components for probe cards, or actual probe cards, than forecasted demand. If we do not obtain orders as we anticipate, or if we produce additional inventory to compensate for unpredictable manufacturing yields, we could have excess or obsolete inventory for a specific customer design that we would not be able to sell to any other customer, which would likely result in inventory write-offs or material charges for scrap.




	If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal and disclosure controls and procedures, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may adversely affect our business and reputation. In addition, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which may adversely impact the trading price of our securities.




	Effective internal and disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, to prevent fraud and to operate successfully as a public company. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and reputation may be harmed. We regularly review and assess our internal controls over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. As part of that process, we may discover material weaknesses or significant deficiencies






	20















	in our internal controls as defined under standards adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB, that require remediation. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those responsible for the oversight of the company's financial reporting. As a result of weaknesses that may be identified in our internal controls, we may also identify certain deficiencies in some of our disclosure controls and procedures that we believe require remediation. If we discover weaknesses, we will make efforts to improve our internal and disclosure controls. However, there is no assurance that we will be successful. If we fail to maintain effective controls or timely affect any necessary improvement of our internal and disclosure controls, we may not have accurate information to make management decisions, our operating results could be harmed or we may fail to meet our reporting obligations, which could affect our ability to remain listed with the NASDAQ Global Market. Ineffective internal and disclosure controls could also cause stockholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information and our ability to manage our business, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities.




	We might be subject to claims of infringement of other parties' proprietary rights which could harm our business.




	In the future, as we have in the past, we might receive claims that we are infringing intellectual property rights of others or inquiries about our interest in a license, or assertions that we need a license, to the intellectual property. The semiconductor industry is characterized by uncertain and conflicting intellectual property claims and vigorous protection and pursuit of these rights. The resolution of any claims of this nature, with or without merit, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation or cause product shipment delays. In the event of an adverse ruling or settlement, we might be required to pay substantial damages, cease the use or sale of infringing products, spend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology, discontinue the use of certain technology and/or enter into license agreements. License agreements, if required, might not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. The loss of access to any of our intellectual property or the ability to use any of our technology could harm our business. Finally, certain of our customer contracts contain provisions that require us to defend or indemnify our customers for third party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling or settlement.




	We may not be able to recruit or retain qualified personnel, which could harm our business.




	We believe our ability to manage successfully and grow our business and to develop new products depends, in large part, on our ability to recruit and retain qualified employees, particularly highly skilled technical, sales, management, and key staff personnel. Competition for qualified resources is intense and other companies may have greater resources available to provide substantial inducements to lure key personnel away from us or to offer more competitive compensation packages to individuals we are trying to hire. Additionally, we have implemented global cost reduction plans in which we have reduced our workforce, which could make it challenging to retain key people and recruit new talent, as needed. While we implement programs to attract employees, and we may grant additional equity compensation to certain employees outside of our annual equity grant program for retention purposes, or implement retention bonus programs for certain employees, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully recruit and retain the qualified personnel we require.




	As part of our sales process, we could incur substantial sales and engineering expenses that do not result in revenues, which would harm our operating results.




	Our customers generally expend significant efforts evaluating and qualifying our products prior to placing an order. The time that our customers require to evaluate and qualify our probe cards is typically between three and 12 months and sometimes longer. While our customers are evaluating our products, we might incur substantial sales, marketing, and research and development expenses. For example, we typically expend significant resources educating our prospective customers regarding the uses and benefits of our probe cards and developing probe cards customized to the potential customer's needs, for which we might not be reimbursed. Although we commit substantial resources to our sales efforts, we might never receive any revenues from a customer. For example, many semiconductor chip designs never reach production, including designs for which we may have expended design effort and expense. In addition, prospective customers might decide not to use our probe cards or use our probe cards for a relatively small percentage of their probe card requirements after we have expended significant effort and expense toward probe card design, development, and/or manufacture. The length of time that it takes for the evaluation process and for us to make a sale depends upon many factors including:













	•






	the efforts of our sales force and our distributor and independent sales representatives;
















	•






	the complexity of the customer's fabrication processes;
















	•






	the internal technical capabilities of the customer;









	21
























	•






	the customer's budgetary constraints;
















	•






	the availability of compatible product offerings; and
















	•






	the customer's ability to devote resources to the evaluation process.







	In addition, product purchases are frequently subject to delays; as a result, our sales cycles are unpredictable. If we incur substantial sales and engineering expenses without generating revenues, our operating results could be harmed.




	Our failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could subject us to significant fines and liabilities, and new laws and regulations or changes in regulatory interpretation or enforcement could make compliance more difficult and costly.




	We are subject to various U.S. Federal, state and local, and foreign governmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, civil or criminal fines or sanctions and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations or non-compliance with the environmental permits required at our facilities.




	These laws, regulations and permits also could require the installation of costly pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit pollution emissions or decrease the likelihood of accidental releases of hazardous substances. In addition, changing laws and regulations, new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination at our or others' sites or the imposition of new cleanup requirements could require us to curtail our operations, restrict our future expansion, subject us to liability and cause us to incur future costs that could harm our operations, thereby adversely impacting our operating results and cash flow.




	Because we conduct most of our business internationally, we are subject to operational, economic, financial and political risks abroad.




	Sales of our products to customers outside North America have accounted for a significant part of our revenues. Our international sales as a percentage of our revenues were


	77%


	,


	72%


	 and


	73%


	 for fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	, respectively. Additionally, certain of our South Korean customers purchase through their North American subsidiaries. In the future, we expect international sales, particularly in Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, to continue to account for a significant percentage of our revenues. Accordingly, we will be subject to risks and challenges that we would not otherwise face if we conducted our business solely in North America.




	These risks and challenges include:













	•






	compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations;
















	•






	legal uncertainties regarding taxes, tariffs, quotas, export controls, export licenses and other trade barriers;
















	•






	political and economic instability or foreign conflicts that involve or affect the countries of our customers;
















	•






	difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer accounts receivable payment cycles;
















	•






	difficulties in staffing and managing personnel, distributors and representatives;
















	•






	reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;
















	•






	currency exchange rate fluctuations, which could affect the value of our assets denominated in local currency, as well as the price of our products relative to locally produced products;
















	•






	seasonal fluctuations in purchasing patterns in other countries; and
















	•






	fluctuations in freight rates and transportation disruptions.







	Any of these factors could harm our existing international operations, impair our ability to continue expanding into international markets or materially adversely affect our operating results. Additionally, we are required to comply with foreign import and export requirements, customs and value added tax standards. Our failure to meet these requirements and standards could negatively impact our business operations. As an example in the third quarter of 2011, we received inquiries from a foreign jurisdiction tax authority regarding certain indirect tax matters. We cooperated with these inquiries, which related to our prior shipping process for new product qualifications and for products for certain of our repair center activities, and resolved






	22















	the matter. We regularly address our tax compliance and make submissions to the appropriate jurisdiction as appropriate. In the future, if our tax practices are questioned by authorities or found to be irregular, it is possible that we could incur material expenses or charges, which would negatively impact our financial condition.




	The trading price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile, and you might not be able to sell your shares at or above the price that you paid for them.




	The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile, and from


	December 28, 2015


	, the first business day of our fiscal 2016, through


	March 3, 2016


	, our stock price (NASDAQ Global Market close price) has ranged from


	$6.34


	 a share to


	$9.33


	 a share. The trading price of our common stock is likely to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Factors affecting the trading price of our common stock could include:













	•






	variations in our operating results;
















	•






	our forecasts and financial guidance for future periods;
















	•






	announcements of technological innovations, new products or product enhancements, new product adoptions at semiconductor customers or significant agreements by us or by our competitors;
















	•






	reports regarding our ability to bring new products into volume production efficiently;
















	•






	the gain or loss of significant orders or customers;
















	•






	changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by any securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock;
















	•






	rulings on litigations and proceedings;
















	•






	seasonality, principally due to our customers' purchasing cycles;
















	•






	market and competitive conditions in our industry, the entire semiconductor industry and the economy as a whole;
















	•






	recruitment or departure of key personnel; and
















	•






	announcements of mergers and acquisition transactions and the ability to successfully integrate the business activities of the acquired/merged company.







	In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The trading price of our common stock also might decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us.




	Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws or Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock.




	Delaware corporate law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions:













	•






	establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time;
















	•






	provide that directors may only be removed "for cause" and only with the approval of 66.7% of our stockholders;
















	•






	require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws;
















	•






	authorize the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock that our board could issue to increase the number of outstanding shares and to discourage a takeover attempt;
















	•






	limit the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders;
















	•






	prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders;
















	•






	provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and









	23
























	•






	establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings.







	In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. In addition, each of our named executive officers and certain other officers of the company have entered into change of control severance agreements, which were approved by our Compensation Committee, which could increase the costs associated with a change of control and thus, potentially deter such a transaction.




	Regulations related to conflict minerals may force us to incur additional expenses, disrupt our supply chain processes, and create additional compliance risks.









	Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the SEC adopted regulations that require public companies that manufacture products containing certain minerals and their derivatives, referred to as conflict minerals, to perform due diligence relating to conflict minerals, have these procedures audited, and file reports with the SEC on these subjects. We may incur additional costs in complying with these regulation, and suffer compliance risks.














	Item 1B:    


	Unresolved Staff Comments




	None.









	Item 2:    


	Properties




	Our corporate headquarters, which includes sales, marketing, administration, manufacturing, engineering, and research and development facilities, is located in Livermore, California, United States. Our corporate headquarters comprises a campus of four buildings totaling approximately 169,000 square feet. We presently lease those four buildings. In addition, we lease office, repair and service, manufacturing and/or research and development space both inside and outside of the United States. The leases expire at various times through 2021. We believe that our existing and planned facilities are suitable for our current needs.




	Information concerning our properties as of


	December 26, 2015


	 is set forth below:































	Location






	Principal Use






	 






	Square




	Footage






	 






	Ownership








	Livermore, California, United States






	Corporate headquarters, sales, marketing, finance, product design, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development






	 






	168,636













	 






	Leased








	San Jose, California, United States






	Sales, marketing, finance, product design, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development






	 






	23,860













	 






	Leased








	Carlsbad, California, United States






	Product design, finance, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development






	 






	26,260













	 






	Leased








	Southbury, Connecticut, United States






	Sales office






	 






	1,000













	 






	Leased








	Singapore






	Sales, finance, product design, service, and field service.






	 






	26,805













	 






	Leased








	Suzhou, China






	Sales, marketing, finance, manufacturing, product design, service and repair, distribution, research and development






	 






	24,877













	 






	Leased








	Jubei City, Hsinchu, Taiwan






	Sales office, finance, product design, field service and repair center






	 






	9,309













	 






	Leased








	Yokohama City, Japan






	Sales office, finance, marketing, product design, research and development, field service, and repair center, manufacturing and distribution.






	 






	8,777













	 






	Leased








	Hiroshima, Japan






	Repair center






	 






	1,615













	 






	Leased








	Bundang, South Korea






	Sales office, finance, product design, field service, and repair center






	 






	15,310













	 






	Leased








	Dresden, Germany






	Sales office






	 






	2,906













	 






	Leased








	Milan, Italy






	Sales office






	 






	215













	 






	Leased












	24




















	Item 3:    


	Legal Proceedings




	From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. As of


	December 26, 2015


	 and as of the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings other than the proceeding summarized below. In the future we may become a party to additional legal proceedings that may require us to spend significant resources, including proceedings designed to protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of legal proceedings are difficult to predict, and the costs incurred in litigation can be substantial, regardless of outcome.




	Intellectual Property Litigation




	In the ordinary course of business, the Company has been, currently is, and may in the future be, involved in commercial litigation relating to intellectual property, as well as third party initiated patent office proceedings in the United States and foreign patent offices.




	In March 2014, we filed a lawsuit against MarTek, Inc. ("MarTek"), asserting breach of contract, copyright infringement and related claims arising out of a licensing agreement we entered into with MarTek for the use by MarTek of certain intellectual property assets (the “IP”). MarTek asserted counterclaims against us for breach of contract and related claims regarding that license. On July 13, 2015, we entered into an agreement with MarTek under which the parties agreed to dismiss the pending litigation and release each other from any and all claims relating to the license agreement. As part of the agreement, we agreed to sell the IP to MarTek for $2 million, of which $1.2 million was received on July 17, 2015, and the remaining $0.8 million is in the form of a promissory note secured by the IP and scheduled to be repaid by MarTek in two equal tranches on the first and second anniversary of the settlement. We recognized a net gain of approximately $1.0 million (which was classified in our Consolidated Statement of Operations under Other Income, net) from the agreement proceeds of $1.2 million received on July 17, 2015.




	Other Litigation









	In August 2013, a former employee filed a class action lawsuit against the Company in the Superior Court of California, alleging violations of California’s wage and hour laws and unfair business practices on behalf of himself and all other similarly situated current and former employees at the Company’s Livermore facilities from August 21, 2009, to the present. On January 4, 2016, the court certified the plaintiff class. The lawsuit is currently proceeding to notice to class members and merits discovery. The Company denies the allegations contained in the lawsuit, and, based on available information, believes it has significant defenses to the allegations of the lawsuit. The Company currently believes that any settlement reached would be an amount that is not material to the Company's financial statements. If the matter is not settled, the Company could incur material attorneys’ fees in defending the lawsuit.














	Item 4:    


	Mine Safety Disclosures




	Not applicable.













	25



















	PART II








	Item 5:    


	Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities






	Price Range of Common Stock




	Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol "FORM". The following table sets forth the range of high and low closing sales prices per share as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market for the periods indicated.































	Fiscal 2015






	High






	 






	Low








	First Quarter






	$






	10.26













	 






	$






	7.55















	Second Quarter






	9.51













	 






	7.97















	Third Quarter






	9.20













	 






	5.93















	Fourth Quarter






	$






	9.13













	 






	$






	6.49











































	Fiscal 2014






	High






	 






	Low








	First Quarter






	$






	7.19













	 






	$






	6.01















	Second Quarter






	8.09













	 






	5.41















	Third Quarter






	8.41













	 






	6.61















	Fourth Quarter






	$






	8.93













	 






	$






	6.18

















	The closing sales price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market was


	$7.84


	 per share on


	March 3, 2016


	. As of


	March 3, 2016


	, there were


	203


	 registered holders of record of our common stock.




	Repurchase of Common Stock




	On April 16, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $25.0 million of outstanding common stock. Under the authorized stock repurchase program, we may repurchase shares from time-to-time on the open market. The pace of repurchase activity will depend on levels of cash generation, current stock price and other factors. The stock repurchase program was announced on April 16, 2015 and expires on April 15, 2016. The program may be modified or discontinued at any time. 









	During fiscal


	2015


	, under this repurchase authorization, we repurchased and retired


	1,013,162


	 shares of common stock for approximately


	$8.2 million


	.















































	Period (Fiscal months)






	 






	Total Number of Shares Purchased






	 






	Average Price Paid per Share






	 






	Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs






	 






	Maximum Amount that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs








	April 16, 2015-April 25, 2015






	 






	—













	 






	$






	—













	 






	—













	 






	$






	25,000,000















	April 26, 2015-May 23, 2015






	 






	215,500













	 






	8.53













	 






	215,500













	 






	$






	23,161,747















	May 24, 2015-June 27, 2015






	 






	184,862













	 






	9.04













	 






	184,862













	 






	$






	21,491,213















	June 28, 2015-July 25, 2015






	 






	300,000













	 






	7.88













	 






	300,000













	 






	$






	19,128,287















	July 26, 2015-August 22, 2015






	 






	150,000













	 






	6.58













	 






	150,000













	 






	$






	18,140,248















	August 23, 2015-September 26, 2015






	 






	22,800













	 






	6.00













	 






	22,800













	 






	$






	18,003,461















	September 27, 2015-October 24, 2015






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	$






	18,003,461















	October 25, 2015-November 21, 2015






	 






	140,000













	 






	8.67













	 






	140,000













	 






	$






	16,789,103















	November 22, 2015-December 26, 2015






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	$






	16,789,103















	 






	 






	1,013,162













	 






	$






	8.10













	 






	1,013,162













	 






	 















	Repurchased shares are retired upon the settlement of the related trade transactions. Our policy related to repurchases of our common stock is to charge the excess of cost over par value to additional paid-in capital. All repurchases were made in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.











	26















	Dividend Policy




	We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and we do not currently anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends on our common stock.




	Stock Price Performance Graph




	The following graph shows the total stockholder return of an investment of $100 in cash on December 31, 2010 through


	December 26, 2015


	, for (1) our common stock, (2) the S&P 500 Index and (3) the RDG Semiconductor Composite Index. All values assume reinvestment of the full amount of all dividends. No cash dividends have been declared on shares of our common stock. Stockholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and are not necessarily indicative of future stockholder returns.






	COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*




	Among FormFactor, Inc., the S&P 500 Index, and the RDG Semiconductor Composite Index







	*$100 invested on 12/31/10 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends.




	Fiscal year ended December 31.































































	 






	Cumulative Total Return








	 






	December 31,

	2010






	 






	December 31,

	2011






	 






	December 31,

	2012






	 






	December 31,

	2013






	 






	December 31,

	2014






	 






	December 31,

	2015








	FormFactor, Inc.






	$






	100.00













	 






	$






	56.98













	 






	$






	51.35













	 






	$






	67.68













	 






	$






	96.85













	 






	$






	101.35















	S&P 500






	100.00













	 






	102.11













	 






	118.45













	 






	156.82













	 






	178.29













	 






	180.75















	RDG Semiconductor Composite






	100.00













	 






	97.51













	 






	99.00













	 






	132.42













	 






	166.28













	 






	151.75




































	27


















	Item 6:   


	Selected Financial Data




	The following selected consolidated financial data is derived from our consolidated financial statements. This data should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, and "Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

























































	 






	Fiscal

	2015 (1)(3)






	 






	Fiscal

	2014 (1)(2)






	 






	Fiscal

	2013 (1)(2)(4)






	 






	Fiscal

	2012 (1)(2)(5)(7)






	 






	Fiscal

	2011 (1)(2)(5)(6)








	 






	(in thousands, except per share data)








	Consolidated Statements of Operations Data:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Revenues






	$






	282,358













	 






	$






	268,530













	 






	$






	231,533













	 






	$






	178,535













	 






	$






	169,325















	Gross profit






	85,738













	 






	77,439













	 






	42,284













	 






	25,331













	 






	20,958















	Net loss






	(1,523






	)






	 






	(19,185






	)






	 






	(57,683






	)






	 






	(35,546






	)






	 






	(65,981






	)








	Basic and diluted net loss per share






	$






	(0.03






	)






	 






	$






	(0.34






	)






	 






	$






	(1.06






	)






	 






	$






	(0.70






	)






	 






	$






	(1.31






	)








	Consolidated Balance Sheets Data:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities






	$






	187,589













	 






	$






	163,837













	 






	$






	151,091













	 






	$






	165,788













	 






	$






	296,691















	Working capital






	214,437













	 






	196,412













	 






	173,881













	 






	194,125













	 






	308,380















	Total assets






	342,723













	 






	344,243













	 






	340,708













	 






	395,682













	 






	383,071















	Capital leases, net of current portion






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	340













	 






	—















	Total stockholders' equity






	$






	294,681













	 






	$






	289,436













	 






	$






	294,086













	 






	$






	339,258













	 






	$






	346,652















	Number of employees






	958













	 






	907













	 






	961













	 






	1,021













	 






	709































	(1)






	Fiscal 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011 net losses include restructuring charges, net of


	$0.6 million


	, $2.7 million, $4.7 million, $2.9 million and $0.5 million, respectively, relating to our global restructuring and reorganization actions. See Note 4—


	Restructuring Charges


	 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
















	(2)






	Fiscal 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011 net losses include impairment charges of $1.2 million, $0.8 million, $0.4 million and $0.5 million, respectively. See Note 6—


	Impairment of Long-lived Assets


	 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
















	(3)






	Fiscal 2015 includes the following: a) a $1.5 million gain from a business interruption insurance claim relating to a factory fire at a customer. See Note-16,


	Business Interruption Insurance Claim Recovery


	 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and b) a $1.0 million net gain from the sale of intellectual property. See Note 9-


	Commitments and contingencies


	 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
















	(4)






	Fiscal 2013 net loss includes $0.3 million attributable to loss on sale of a subsidiary.
















	(5)






	Fiscal 2012 includes a $25.5 million tax benefit from the release of deferred tax asset valuation allowances due to deferred tax liabilities established on the acquired identifiable intangible assets from our acquisition of MicroProbe. Additionally, fiscal 2011 includes a $2.5 million tax benefit from the release of the deferred tax asset valuation allowance for a non-U.S. jurisdiction.
















	(6)






	Fiscal 2011 includes a $0.3 million net benefit from collections on amounts previously reserved as bad debts.
















	(7)






	Fiscal 2012 includes the following as a result of the MicroProbe Acquisition: $19.8 million in revenue, $5.4 million in the amortization of intangibles expense, $2.6 million release of pre-existing backlog, $0.2 million charge for step-up depreciation on the fair value of fixed assets, resulting in a $6.4 million net loss. As part of the MicroProbe Acquisition, a patent lawsuit was settled with a benefit of $3.3 million.









	28




















	Item 7:    


	Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations




	The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions as described under the "Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" that appears earlier in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under "Item 1A: Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.






	Overview




	We design, develop, manufacture, sell and support advanced semiconductor probe card products, and are the largest supplier worldwide of those products. Semiconductor manufacturers use our probe cards to perform wafer test (also known as wafer sort), which is the testing of the semiconductor die, or chips, while those die are still constituted on the semiconductor wafer. Wafer test enables semiconductor manufacturers to determine whether chips will meet specifications and be saleable once the wafer is diced, and the die are singulated and individually packaged. The per-die costs of singulation and packaging processes are relatively high, and some of the die on a wafer are typically expected to be defective. Consequently, there is often a compelling economic reason to perform wafer test. Probe cards are a critical element in enabling that wafer test process.




	During fiscal


	2015


	, revenues increased by


	$13.8 million


	 or


	5%


	 to


	$282.4 million


	 from


	$268.5 million


	 in


	2014


	. Our net loss decreased by


	$17.7 million


	 or


	92%


	 to


	$(1.5) million


	 from


	$(19.2) million


	 in


	2014


	. The net loss for fiscal 2015 included restructuring charges of


	$0.6 million


	, gain from a business interruption insurance claim of $1.5 million and a net gain from sale of intellectual property of $1.0 million. The net loss for fiscal 2014 included restructuring charges of $2.7 million and impairment charges of $1.2 million. Our gross profit margins and operating profit margins also improved in fiscal 2015 as a result of our increasing revenues and ongoing initiatives to reduce manufacturing overhead costs, lower production material costs and reduce operating expenses. Overall, we experienced an improvement in our financial and operational performance during fiscal 2015, as compared to fiscal 2014 as our business continued to gain momentum through strong broad-based demand from our customers and continued improvements in our execution.




	In fiscal 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program to repurchase up to $25.0 million of our outstanding common stock from time-to-time on the open market. During fiscal 2015, under this repurchase authorization, we repurchased and retired approximately 1 million shares of common stock for approximately $8.2 million.









	Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and restricted cash totaled


	$188.0 million


	 as of


	December 26, 2015


	, as compared to


	$164.3 million


	 at


	December 27, 2014


	. The increase in our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities was primarily due to higher revenues and improved operating results net of investments in working capital to grow revenues. We generated cash after stock repurchases of $23.8 million in fiscal


	2015


	 as compared to $12.7 million for fiscal


	2014


	. There were no stock repurchases in fiscal 2014. We believe that we will be able to satisfy our working capital requirements for at least the next twelve months with the liquidity provided by our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining or growing our revenues, or maintaining or reducing our cost structure in an industry downturn, or increasing our available cash through financing, our cash, cash equivalents and/or marketable securities could decline in future fiscal years.




	In February 2016, we entered into a definitive agreement with Cascade Microtech, Inc. (“Cascade Microtech”) under which we will acquire all outstanding Cascade Microtech shares in a cash and stock transaction. Cascade Microtech is a leader in the field of probe cards for radio frequency (“RF”) semiconductor products, and has important capabilities in engineering probes and test systems. We believe that this combination will further diversify our customer and revenue base, and enable efficiencies and value realization in the combined companies’ operations, technology, resources, assets, and teams. By leveraging combined global support and channel investments across a product line that spans from engineering to production test applications, the combined company will be uniquely positioned to solve many of our customers’ most difficult test challenges from engineering to production. The transaction is expected to close mid-2016 subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approvals and the approval by Cascade Microtech’s shareholders of the merger.




	We believe the following information is important to understanding our business, our financial statements as well as the remainder of this discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations:




	Fiscal Year.




	W


	e operate on a 52/53 week fiscal year, whereby the fiscal year ends on the last Saturday of December. The fiscal years ended


	December 26, 2015


	,


	December 27, 2014


	 and


	December 28, 2013


	 included 52 weeks each.






	29















	Revenues.


	  We derive substantially all of our revenues from product sales of probe cards. Revenues from our customers are subject to fluctuations due to factors including, but not limited to, design cycles, technology adoption rates, competitive pressure to reduce prices, cyclicality of the different end markets into which our customers' products are sold and market conditions in the semiconductor industry. Historically, increases in revenues have resulted from increased demand for our existing products, the introduction of new, more complex products, the penetration of new markets and through acquisition. We expect that revenues from the sale of probe cards will continue to account for substantially all of our revenues for the foreseeable future.




	Cost of Revenues.


	  Cost of revenues consists primarily of manufacturing materials, payroll, shipping and handling costs, manufacturing-related overhead and amortization of certain intangible assets. Our manufacturing operations rely upon a limited number of suppliers to provide key components and materials for our products, some of which are a sole source. We order materials and supplies based on backlog and forecasted customer orders. Tooling and setup costs related to changing manufacturing lots at our suppliers are also included in the cost of revenues. We expense all warranty costs, inventory provisions and amortization of certain intangible assets as cost of revenues.




	We design, manufacture and sell custom advanced probe cards into the semiconductor test market, which is subject to significant variability and demand fluctuations. Our probe cards are complex products that are custom to a specific chip design of a customer and must be delivered on relatively short lead-times as compared to our overall manufacturing process. As our advanced probe cards are manufactured in low volumes, it is not uncommon for us to acquire production materials and start certain production activities based on estimated production yields and forecasted demand prior to or in excess of actual demand for our probe cards. We record an adjustment to our inventory valuation for estimated excess, obsolete and non-sellable inventories based on assumptions about future demand, past usage, changes to manufacturing processes and overall market conditions.




	Research and Development.


	  Research and development expenses include expenses related to product development, engineering and material costs. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. We plan to continue to invest in research and development activities to improve and enhance existing product technologies and to develop new technologies for current and new products and for new applications.




	Selling, General and Administrative.


	  Selling, general and administrative expenses include expenses related to sales, marketing, administrative personnel, sales commissions, market research and consulting, and other sales, marketing, administrative activities, amortization of certain intangible assets, and provision for doubtful accounts. These expenses also include costs for protecting and enforcing our intellectual property rights and regulatory compliance costs.




	Restructuring Charges.


	  Restructuring charges include costs related to employee termination benefits, cost of long-lived assets abandoned or impaired, as well as contract termination costs.




	Impairment of Long-Lived Assets.


	  Asset impairment charges include charges associated with the write-down of assets that have no future expected benefit or for assets that have been determined to be impaired as well as adjustments to the carrying amount of our assets held for sale.




	Use of Estimates.


	  The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Estimates may change as new information is obtained. We believe that the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in revenue recognition, fair value of marketable securities, allowance for doubtful accounts, reserves for product warranty, valuation of obsolete and slow moving inventory, assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, legal contingencies, valuation of goodwill, the assessment of recoverability of long-lived assets, valuation and recognition of stock-based compensation, provision for income taxes and valuation of deferred tax assets have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.






	Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates




	Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenue and expenses in the reporting period. Our accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our financial condition and results of operations






	30















	reported in our financial statements and related disclosures. We have identified the following accounting policies as being critical because they require our management to make particularly difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and we base these estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experiences and various other factors and assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. Our management has discussed the development, selection, application and disclosure of these critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.




	Revenue Recognition:


	  We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, title and risk of loss has transferred to the customer, the selling price is fixed or determinable and collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured. In instances where final acceptance of the deliverable is specified by the customer, revenue is deferred until all acceptance criteria have been met. Revenues from the licensing of our design and manufacturing technology, which have not been material to date, are recognized over the term of the license agreement or when the significant contractual obligations have been fulfilled.




	Goodwill:


	Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Since our acquisition of MicroProbe in Fiscal 2012, we had historically operated in one reportable segment consisting of two operating segments and for the purposes of our goodwill impairment analysis, we had two reporting units, all of which related to our FormFactor and MicroProbe product groups. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we determined that we now operate in one reportable segment consisting of one operating segment and for the purposes of our goodwill impairment analysis, we further concluded that we now have one reporting unit, all of which relates to the design, development, manufacture and sale of high performance advanced probe cards as a result of the successful integration of the MicroProbe business into our overall consolidated operations.




	We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. If an entity determines as a result of the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative impairment test is required. Otherwise, no further testing is required.




	The performance of the quantitative impairment test involves a two-step process. The first step of the impairment test involves comparing the fair value of the applicable reporting unit with its aggregate carrying value, including goodwill. We generally determine the fair value of our reporting unit using a combination of the income approach (that includes the use of the discounted cash flow method) and the market approach (guideline company approach) valuation methodologies. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of that reporting unit, we perform the second step of the quantitative impairment test to determine the amount of impairment loss. The second step of the goodwill impairment test involves comparing the implied fair value of the affected reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying value of that goodwill.




	During the fourth quarter of fiscal


	2015


	, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test prior to and subsequent to the change in our reporting unit structure by assessing qualitative factors and we concluded that our goodwill was not impaired as of


	December 26, 2015


	. Our qualitative review included, among other factors, an assessment of our market capitalization which was significantly higher than our book value. The evaluation of goodwill for impairment requires the exercise of significant judgment. In the event of future changes in business conditions, we will be required to reassess and update our forecasts and estimates used in future impairment analyses. If the results of these analyses are lower than current estimates, a material impairment charge may result at that time. Refer to note 8 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -


	Goodwill and Intangible Assets


	 for further details.




	Impairment of Long-Lived Assets:


	  We test long-lived assets or asset groups such as property, plant and equipment and intangibles for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Circumstances that could trigger a review include, but are not limited to: significant decreases in the market price of the asset; significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors; accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the asset; current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of the asset; and current expectation that the asset will more likely than not be sold or disposed of significantly before the end of its estimated useful life.




	Recoverability is assessed based on the carrying amounts of the asset or asset group and the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and the eventual disposal of the asset. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds fair value.




	Significant judgments and assumptions are required in the forecast of future operating results used in the preparation of the estimated future cash flows, including profit margins, long-term forecasts of the amounts and timing of overall market growth and our percentage of that market, groupings of assets, discount rates and terminal growth rates. In addition, significant






	31















	estimates and assumptions are required in the determination of the fair value of our intangible assets and tangible long-lived assets, including replacement cost, economic obsolescence, and the value that could be realized in an orderly liquidation. Changes in these estimates could have a material adverse effect on the assessment of our long-lived assets, thereby requiring us to write down the assets.




	Restructuring Charges:


	  Restructuring charges include costs related to employee termination benefits, long-lived assets impaired or abandoned, and contract termination costs. The determination of when we accrue for employee termination benefits depends on whether the termination benefits are provided under a one-time benefit arrangement or under an on-going benefit arrangement. For restructuring charges recorded as an on-going benefit arrangement, a liability for post-employment benefits is recorded when payment is probable, the amount is reasonably estimable, and the obligation relates to rights that have vested or accumulated. For restructuring charges recorded as a one-time benefit arrangement, we recognize a liability for employee termination benefits when a plan of termination, approved by management and establishing the terms of the benefit arrangement, has been communicated to employees. The timing of the recognition of one-time employee termination benefits is dependent upon the period of time the employees are required to render service after communication. If employees are not required to render service in order to receive the termination benefits or if employees will not be retained to render service beyond the minimum legal notification period, a liability for the termination benefits is recognized at the communication date. In instances where employees will be retained to render service beyond the minimum legal notification period, the liability for employee termination benefits is measured initially at the communication date based on the fair value of the liability as of the termination date and is recognized ratably over the future service period. We continually evaluate the adequacy of the remaining liabilities under our restructuring initiatives.




	We record charges related to long-lived assets to be abandoned when the assets cease to be used. When we cease using a building or other asset with remaining non-cancelable lease payments continuing beyond our use period, we record a liability for remaining payments under lease arrangements, as well as for contract termination costs, that will continue to be incurred under a contract for its remaining term without economic benefit to us at the cease-use date. Given the significance of, and the timing of the execution of such activities, this process is complex and involves periodic reassessments of estimates made at the time the original decisions were made, including evaluating real estate market conditions for expected vacancy periods and sub-lease rents. Although we believe that these estimates accurately reflect the costs of our restructuring plans, actual results may differ, thereby requiring us to record additional provisions or reverse a portion of such provisions.




	Inventory Valuation:


	  We state our inventories at the lower of cost (principally standard cost which approximates actual cost on a first in, first out basis) or market value. We continually assess the value of our inventory and will periodically write down its value for estimated excess inventory and product obsolescence based upon assumptions about forecasted future sales, past usage, and market conditions. On a quarterly basis, we review inventory quantities on hand and on order under non-cancelable purchase commitments in comparison to our past usage and estimated forecast of product demand for the next six to twelve months to determine what inventory quantities, if any, may not be sellable. Based on this analysis, we write down the affected inventory value for estimated excess and obsolescence charges. At the point of loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. Market conditions are subject to change, and demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Actual consumption of inventories could differ from forecasted demand and this difference could have a material impact on our gross profit and inventory balances based on additional provisions for excess or obsolete inventories or a benefit from the sale of inventories previously written down.











	32



















	Results of Operations




	The following table sets forth our operating results as a percentage of revenues:



































	 






	Fiscal 2015






	 






	Fiscal 2014






	 






	Fiscal 2013








	Revenues






	100.0






	 %






	 






	100.0






	 %






	 






	100.0






	 %








	Cost of revenues






	69.6













	 






	71.2













	 






	81.7















	Gross profit






	30.4













	 






	28.8













	 






	18.3















	Operating expenses:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Research and development






	15.6













	 






	15.9













	 






	18.2















	Selling, general and administrative






	16.0













	 






	19.0













	 






	23.0















	Restructuring charges, net






	0.2













	 






	1.0













	 






	2.0















	Loss on sale of subsidiary






	—













	 






	—













	 






	0.1















	Impairment of long-lived assets






	—













	 






	0.5













	 






	0.3















	Total operating expenses






	31.8













	 






	36.4













	 






	43.6















	Operating loss






	(1.4






	)






	 






	(7.6






	)






	 






	(25.3






	)








	Interest income, net






	0.1













	 






	0.1













	 






	0.2















	Other income, net






	0.9













	 






	0.1













	 






	0.3















	Loss before income taxes






	(0.4






	)






	 






	(7.4






	)






	 






	(24.8






	)








	Provision (benefit) from income taxes






	0.1













	 






	(0.3






	)






	 






	—















	Net loss






	(0.5






	)%






	 






	(7.1






	)%






	 






	(24.8






	)%










	Fiscal Years Ended


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014








	Revenues

























































	 






	Fiscal






	 






	% of






	 






	Fiscal






	 






	% of






	 






	Change








	 






	2015






	 






	Revenues






	 






	2014






	 






	Revenues






	 






	$






	 






	%








	 






	(In thousands)








	Revenues by Market:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	SoC






	$






	145,839













	 






	51.7






	%






	 






	$






	142,360













	 






	53.0






	%






	 






	$






	3,479













	 






	2.4






	 %








	DRAM






	125,512













	 






	44.5













	 






	110,800













	 






	41.3













	 






	14,712













	 






	13.3















	Flash






	11,007













	 






	3.9













	 






	15,370













	 






	5.7













	 






	(4,363






	)






	 






	(28.4






	)








	Total revenues






	$






	282,358













	 






	100.0






	%






	 






	$






	268,530













	 






	100.0






	%






	 






	$






	13,828













	 






	5.1






	 %















	Overall, our revenues increased by


	5.1%


	, or


	$13.8 million


	, in fiscal


	2015


	 as compared to fiscal


	2014


	. Our revenues increased


	2.4%


	 year-over-year in the SoC market, increased


	13.3%


	 in DRAM and decreased


	28.4%


	 in Flash memory.




	The increase in DRAM revenue was primarily driven by market share increases at a major South Korean memory producer, based on the adoption of our SmartMatrix product. The increase in SoC revenue was primarily due to higher mobile processor demand and market share gains for our CMOS Image Sensor testing products at a European customer. The decrease in Flash memory revenue was primarily due to a weakening NOR Flash memory market partially offset by increased demand for our TouchMatrix product to test NAND Flash devices at a South Korean memory producer.































	33



















	Revenues by Geographic Region




	The following table sets forth our revenues by geographic region for the periods indicated:











































	 






	Fiscal




	2015






	 






	% of




	Revenues






	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	% of




	Revenues








	 






	(In thousands)








	South Korea






	$






	71,120













	 






	25.2






	%






	 






	$






	52,677













	 






	19.6






	%








	North America






	66,178













	 






	23.4













	 






	75,393













	 






	28.1















	Taiwan






	61,711













	 






	21.9













	 






	49,395













	 






	18.4















	Asia-Pacific (1)






	31,389













	 






	11.1













	 






	34,705













	 






	12.9















	Japan






	26,418













	 






	9.4













	 






	25,683













	 






	9.6















	Europe






	25,542













	 






	9.0













	 






	30,677













	 






	11.4















	Total Revenues






	$






	282,358













	 






	100.0






	%






	 






	$






	268,530













	 






	100.0






	%
























	(1)






	Asia-Pacific includes all countries in the region except Taiwan, South Korea, and Japan, which are disclosed separately.







	Geographic revenue information is based on the location to which we ship the customer product. For example, if a certain South Korean customer purchases through their North American subsidiary and requests the products to be shipped to an address in Asia-Pacific, this sale will be reflected in the revenue for Asia-Pacific rather than North America.




	The change in revenues from our geographical regions for fiscal


	2015


	, when compared to fiscal


	2014


	, were primarily driven by the following factors:













	•






	South Korea revenues increased driven primarily by a combination of market share increases at a major South Korean customer based on the adoption of our SmartMatrix product for DRAM applications and increased SoC product shipments related to mobile processor demand;
















	•






	North America revenues decreased driven primarily by a shift of SoC product shipments for personal computer processors to customers’ test facilities in Europe;
















	•






	Taiwan revenues increased driven primarily by a combination of increased SoC product shipments and an increase in commodity or personal computer DRAM demand;
















	•






	Asia-Pacific revenues decreased driven primarily by reduced sales of our SmartMatrix DRAM products;
















	•






	Europe revenues decreased driven primarily due to reduced mobile processor related product demand, partially offset by a shift of SoC product shipments for personal computer processors to customers’ test facilities in Europe; and
















	•






	Japan revenues were relatively flat year over year.




































	 






	Fiscal




	2015






	 






	Fiscal




	2014








	 






	(In thousands)








	Gross profit






	$






	85,738













	 






	$






	77,439















	Gross margin






	30.4






	%






	 






	28.8






	%










	Gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels, product mix, selling prices, factory loading and material costs. For fiscal


	2015


	, gross profit increased


	$8.3 million


	 when compared to fiscal


	2014


	, primarily due to higher production volume driven by higher sales. Factory utilization, execution and operating efficiency improved. We also increased production yields and reduced obsolete inventory charges and acquisition-related intangible amortization expense. This was offset by price reductions due to competition at several customers.











	34

















	Our net inventory provision charges declined by


	$0.6 million


	 in fiscal


	2015


	 compared to fiscal


	2014


	 due to increased demand levels. The value of previously reserved materials that were used in manufacturing and shipped for fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	 was


	$2.5 million


	 and $2.4 million, respectively.









	Gross margin included intangible asset amortization expense of


	$10.8 million


	 and $15.8 million in fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	, respectively, related to the MicroProbe Acquisition. Stock-based compensation expense included in gross margin for fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	 was


	$2.7 million


	 and


	$2.4 million


	, respectively.




	 




	Future gross margins may be adversely impacted by lower levels of product revenues, even though we have taken significant steps to reduce our operating cost structure. Our gross margins may also be adversely affected if we are required to record additional inventory write-downs if estimated average selling prices of products held in finished goods and work in process inventories are below the manufacturing cost of those products.











	Research and Development































	 






	Fiscal




	2015






	 






	Fiscal




	2014








	 






	(In thousands)








	Research and development






	$






	44,184













	 






	$






	42,725















	% of revenues






	15.6






	%






	 






	15.9






	%










	Research and development expenses for fiscal


	2015


	 increased


	$1.5 million


	, or


	3%


	, compared to the prior year and was primarily due to an increase of $1.2 million in project and material costs, $0.4 million in incentive compensation and $0.3 million in personnel-related costs offset by a reduction of $0.4 million in overall general operating expenses. Stock-based compensation expense included within research and development expenses was


	$3.5 million


	 and


	$3.5 million


	, respectively, for fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	.




	Our research and development expenses fluctuate as projects transition from development to manufacturing, depending on the stage of completion and level of effort related to each project undertaken. We are continuing our strategic investments in research and development, including investments in new spring technologies, substrate architectures and new process technologies. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies.






	Selling, General and Administrative































	 






	Fiscal




	2015






	 






	Fiscal




	2014








	 






	(In thousands)








	Selling, general and administrative






	$






	45,090













	 






	$






	51,385















	% of revenues






	16.0






	%






	 






	19.0






	%










	Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased


	$6.3 million


	, or


	12%


	, in fiscal


	2015


	 compared to the prior year and was primarily due to decreases of $2.1 million in personnel-related costs, $1.9 million in stock compensation expense, $1.2 million in legal expenses, $0.9 million in overall general operating expenses and $0.3 million in travel costs which was partially offset by an increase of $0.2 million in consulting costs to support strategic corporate initiatives. Stock-based compensation expense included within selling, general and administrative expenses was


	$5.4 million


	 and


	$7.3 million


	, respectively for fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	.






	Restructuring Charges, net































	 






	Fiscal




	2015






	 






	Fiscal




	2014








	 






	(In thousands)








	Restructuring charges, net






	$






	559













	 






	$






	2,668















	% of revenues






	0.2






	%






	 






	1.0






	%










	Restructuring charges decreased


	$2.1 million


	, or


	79%


	, in fiscal


	2015


	 from fiscal


	2014


	. The restructuring plans we implemented in fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	 are discussed below.






	35

















	2015 Restructuring Activities









	During fiscal 2015, we recorded restructuring charges of approximately $0.6 million which included stock-based compensation expense of approximately $0.5 million relating to the modification of an equity-based award. All other restructuring charges recorded in fiscal 2015 were insignificant.









	2014 Restructuring Activities









	On January 27, 2014, we announced a global organizational restructuring and cost reduction plan. As part of the plan, we eliminated 52 full-time employees. In addition, we reduced our temporary workforce by 9 positions. We recorded $2.0 million of restructuring charges during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, which was comprised of $1.4 million in severance and related benefits and $0.6 million in impairment charges for certain equipment that would no longer be utilized. During the remainder of fiscal 2014, we further eliminated an additional 5 full-time positions and recorded $0.7 million in severance charges. The activities comprising these restructuring activities were substantially completed in fiscal 2014 and the remaining cash payments associated with these activities were paid in fiscal 2015.











	Impairment of Long-Lived Assets































	 






	Fiscal




	2015






	 






	Fiscal




	2014








	 






	(In thousands)








	Impairment of long-lived assets






	$






	8













	 






	$






	1,219















	% of revenues






	—






	%






	 






	0.5






	%















	We test long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In fiscal


	2015


	, long-lived asset impairment charges recorded were insignificant. In fiscal


	2014


	, we recorded impairment charges of $1.2 million related to manufacturing assets we no longer utilize.









	Interest Income and Other Income, Net

































	 






	Fiscal




	2015






	 






	Fiscal




	2014








	 






	(In thousands)








	Interest income, net






	$






	285













	 






	$






	302















	% of revenues






	0.1






	%






	 






	0.1






	%








	 






	 






	 






	 








	Other income, net






	$






	2,547













	 






	$






	161















	% of revenues






	0.9






	%






	 






	0.1






	%















	Interest income is primarily earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The decrease in interest income for fiscal


	2015


	 as compared to fiscal


	2014


	 was primarily the result of lower yields. Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable securities were


	$188.0 million


	 at


	December 26, 2015


	 compared to


	$164.3 million


	 at


	December 27, 2014


	. The weighted-average yield on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities for fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	 was


	0.12%


	 and 0.16%, respectively.









	The increase in


	Other income, net


	, in fiscal


	2015


	 as compared to fiscal


	2014


	 was primarily due to approximately $1.0 million net gain recognized from the sale of intellectual property to MarTek pursuant to a settlement agreement (refer to Note 9 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -


	Commitments and Contingencies


	, for further details) and approximately $1.5 million cash received as a result of a payment from our insurer arising from a business interruption insurance claim related to a factory fire at a customer during the second half of fiscal 2013.









































	36



















	Provision (Benefit) From Income Taxes































	 






	Fiscal




	2015






	 






	Fiscal




	2014








	 






	(In thousands)








	Provision (benefit) from income taxes






	$






	252













	 






	$






	(910






	)








	Effective tax rate






	19.8






	%






	 






	(4.5






	)%















	We recorded an income tax provision of


	$0.3 million


	 and a benefit of


	$0.9 million


	 for fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	, respectively. Income tax provisions reflect the tax on our operations in the US and foreign jurisdictions and the tax benefit from the lapsing of the statute of limitations in foreign jurisdictions.




	We recognize interest (benefit) charges and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of the income tax provision. We recognized interest (benefit) charges and penalties of


	$50 thousand


	, $(0.1) million and $(0.2) million in fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	, and


	2013


	, respectively. As of


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	, we had accrued total interest charges and penalties of


	$0.2 million


	 and $0.1 million, respectively, related to uncertain tax positions.




	We anticipate that we will continue to record a valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax assets. We expect our future tax provisions, during the time such valuation allowances are recorded, will consist primarily of the tax provision of our profitable non-U.S. jurisdictions and state minimum tax. At


	December 26, 2015


	, we had Federal research and development tax credit, net operating loss, and foreign tax credit carryforwards of


	$21.0 million


	,


	$298.7 million


	 and


	$2.0 million


	, respectively, which will expire at various dates from


	2016


	 through


	2035


	. We had alternative minimum tax credits of


	$2.4 million


	 which do not expire. We had California research credit and net operating loss carryforwards of


	$28.4 million


	 and


	$270.7 million


	, respectively. The California research credit can be carried forward indefinitely while California net operating loss carryforwards will expire at various dates from


	2016


	 through


	2035


	. We had Japan and Singapore net operating loss carryforwards of approximately


	$0.3 million


	 and


	$10.0 million


	, respectively. Japan net operating loss carryforwards will expire in


	2022


	 while Singapore net operating loss carryforwards will be carried forward indefinitely.




	 




	Our effective tax rate may vary from period to period based on changes in estimated taxable income or loss by jurisdiction, changes to the valuation allowance, changes to U.S. Federal, state or foreign tax laws, future expansion into areas with varying country, state, and local income tax rates, deductibility of certain costs and expenses by jurisdiction.




	Fiscal Years Ended December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013






	Revenues

























































	 






	Fiscal






	 






	% of






	 






	Fiscal






	 






	% of






	 






	Change








	 






	2014






	 






	Revenues






	 






	2013






	 






	Revenues






	 






	$






	 






	%








	 






	(In thousands)








	Revenues by Market:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	SoC






	$






	142,360













	 






	53.0






	%






	 






	$






	115,597













	 






	49.9






	%






	 






	$






	26,763













	 






	23.2






	 %








	DRAM






	110,800













	 






	41.3













	 






	92,603













	 






	40.0













	 






	18,197













	 






	19.7















	Flash






	15,370













	 






	5.7













	 






	23,333













	 






	10.1













	 






	(7,963






	)






	 






	(34.1






	)








	Total revenues






	$






	268,530













	 






	100.0






	%






	 






	$






	231,533













	 






	100.0






	%






	 






	$






	36,997













	 






	16.0






	 %















	Overall, our revenues increased by 16.0%, or $37.0 million, in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. Our revenues increased 23.2% year-over-year in the SoC market, increased 19.7% in DRAM and decreased 34.1% in Flash memory. The overall increase in revenues was primarily driven by higher unit volume in both the SoC and DRAM markets. The SoC revenue increase was driven by a combination of strong mobile application processor, personal computer processor, and automotive microcontroller demand. DRAM demand and revenue increased due to the adoption of our SmartMatrix product at a major South Korean memory producer and overall strong mobile, server and personal computer DRAM market demand. The decrease in Flash memory revenue was due to a weakening NOR Flash memory market and reduced demand for our TouchMatrix product at South Korean and Taiwanese NAND Flash memory producers.











	37



















	Revenues by Geographic Region




	The following table sets forth our revenues by geographic region for the periods indicated:











































	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	% of




	Revenues






	 






	Fiscal




	2013






	 






	% of




	Revenues








	 






	(In thousands)








	North America






	$






	75,393













	 






	28.1






	%






	 






	$






	63,053













	 






	27.2






	%








	South Korea






	52,677













	 






	19.6













	 






	45,823













	 






	19.8















	Taiwan






	49,395













	 






	18.4













	 






	64,623













	 






	27.9















	Asia-Pacific (1)






	34,705













	 






	12.9













	 






	21,173













	 






	9.2















	Europe






	30,677













	 






	11.4













	 






	20,023













	 






	8.6















	Japan






	25,683













	 






	9.6













	 






	16,838













	 






	7.3















	Total Revenues






	$






	268,530













	 






	100.0






	%






	 






	$






	231,533













	 






	100.0






	%
























	(1)






	Asia-Pacific includes all countries in the region except Taiwan, South Korea, and Japan, which are disclosed separately.







	Geographic revenue information is based on the location to which we ship the customer product. For example, if a certain South Korean customer purchases through their North American subsidiary and requests the products to be shipped to an address in Asia-Pacific, this sale will be reflected in the revenue for Asia-Pacific rather than North America.




	The increases in North America and Europe revenues for fiscal 2014, when compared to the same periods in 2013, were driven by increased SoC product shipments for both flip chip and wire bond applications. The decrease in Taiwan revenues for fiscal 2014, when compared to the same period in 2013, was driven by a combination of decreased SoC product shipments, a decrease in commodity or personal computer based DRAM demand, and reduced NAND Flash memory demand. The increase in South Korea revenues for fiscal 2014 when compared to the same period in 2013 was primarily due to increased DRAM demand and the adoption of our SmartMatrix product at a major South Korean memory producer. The increase in Japan revenues for fiscal 2014 was driven by a combination of higher demand for SoC wire bond and mobile DRAM products. The increase in Asia-Pacific revenues in fiscal 2014 when compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily driven by sales of our SmartMatrix DRAM products in that region.






	Gross Profit































	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	Fiscal




	2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Gross profit






	$






	77,439













	 






	$






	42,284















	Gross margin






	28.8






	%






	 






	18.3






	%










	Gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels, product mix, selling prices, factory loading and material costs. For fiscal 2014, gross profit increased $35.2 million when compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to lower material costs, lower labor expenses and overhead charges as a result of our cost reduction initiatives and favorable production yields. Gross profit also benefited from higher production volume driven by higher sales. This led to higher factory utilization on a relatively fixed base of overhead costs and resulted in improvements to our gross profits for all product markets.









	Our net inventory provision charges declined by $3.3 million in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 due to increased demand levels. The value of previously reserved materials that were used in manufacturing and shipped for fiscal 2014 and 2013 was $2.4 million and $2.6 million, respectively.









	Gross margin included intangible asset amortization expense of $15.8 million and $13.8 million in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively, related to the MicroProbe Acquisition. Stock-based compensation expense included in gross margin for fiscal 2014 and 2013 was $2.4 million each, respectively.




	 




	Future gross margins may be adversely impacted by lower levels of product revenues, even though we have taken significant steps to reduce our operating cost structure. Our gross margins may also be adversely affected if we are required to






	38

















	record additional inventory provision charges and inventory write-downs if estimated average selling prices of products held in finished goods and work in process inventories are below the manufacturing cost of those products.











	Research and Development































	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	Fiscal




	2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Research and development






	$






	42,725













	 






	$






	42,139















	% of revenues






	15.9






	%






	 






	18.2






	%










	Research and development expenses for fiscal 2014 increased $0.6 million, or 1%, compared to the prior year. The increase was primarily due to an increase of $1.5 million of incentive compensation and $1.6 million in project and material costs offset by a reduction of $2.4 million in personnel related costs as a result of our restructuring efforts. Stock-based compensation expense included within research and development expenses was $3.5 million and $3.4 million, respectively, for fiscal 2014 and 2013.




	Our research and development expenses fluctuate as projects transition from development to manufacturing, depending on the stage of completion and level of effort related to each project undertaken. We are continuing our strategic investments in research and development, including investments in new spring technologies, substrate architectures and new process technologies. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies.






	Selling, General and Administrative































	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	Fiscal




	2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Selling, general and administrative






	$






	51,385













	 






	$






	53,217















	% of revenues






	19.0






	%






	 






	23.0






	%










	Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $1.8 million, or 3%, in fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction of $2.3 million in personnel related costs as a result of our restructuring efforts, $1.1 million in acquisition and integration related costs, $1.1 million in sales commissions, $1.0 million in general operating expenses as a result of our cost reduction efforts, $0.6 million in expensed equipment and supplies and $0.3 million in travel costs offset by an increase of $2.0 million in incentive compensation, $1.1 million in stock based compensation, $1.2 million in loss contingency reserve and $0.3 million in foreign payroll taxes. Stock-based compensation expense included within selling, general and administrative expenses was $7.3 million and $6.2 million, respectively for fiscal 2014 and 2013.






	Restructuring Charges, net































	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	Fiscal




	2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Restructuring charges, net






	$






	2,668













	 






	$






	4,658















	% of revenues






	1.0






	%






	 






	2.0






	%










	Restructuring charges decreased $2.0 million, or 43%, in fiscal 2014 from fiscal 2013. The restructuring plans we implemented in fiscal 2014 and 2013 are discussed below.




	2014 Restructuring Activities









	On January 27, 2014, we announced a global organizational restructuring and cost reduction plan. As part of the plan, we eliminated 52 full-time employees. In addition, we reduced our temporary workforce by 9 positions. We recorded $2.0 million of restructuring charges during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, which was comprised of $1.4 million in severance and related benefits and $0.6 million in impairment charges for certain equipment that would no longer be utilized. During the remainder of fiscal 2014, we further eliminated an additional 5 full-time employees and recorded $0.7 million in severance charges.






	39






















	The activities comprising these restructuring activities were substantially completed in fiscal 2014 and the remaining cash payments associated with these activities were paid in fiscal 2015.









	2013 Restructuring Activities









	I


	n the first quarter of fiscal 2013, we implemented a restructuring plan which resulted in the reduction of our global workforce by 31 employees across the organization. In addition, we reduced our temporary workforce by approximately 20 positions. We also suspended development activities and engineering efforts for our next generation DRAM Matrix platform and terminated development activities for a certain SoC product platform. We recorded $4.0 million of restructuring charges during the first fiscal quarter of 2013, which was comprised of $1.3 million in severance and related benefits and $2.7 million in impairment charges for certain equipment that was no longer utilized.




	I


	n the fourth fiscal quarter of 2013, we implemented a restructuring plan which resulted in the reduction of our global workforce by 17 full-time employees across the organization. In addition, we reduced our temporary workforce by 17 positions. We recorded $0.4 million of restructuring charges during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2013 for severance and related benefits. The cash payments associated with our various fiscal 2013 reductions in workforce were paid in fiscal 2013 and 2014.






	Loss on Sale of Subsidiary































	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	Fiscal




	2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Loss on sale of subsidiary






	$






	—













	 






	$






	300















	% of revenues






	—






	%






	 






	0.1






	%










	On June 29, 2013, we sold TMMC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company for a purchase consideration of $1.0 million. We received approximately $0.2 million in cash upon the sale and an $0.8 million note to be repaid over 7 years at a 5% interest rate. The fair value of the note was discounted to approximately $0.5 million as of June 29, 2013. We recorded a net loss on the sale of TMMC's assets of $0.3 million in fiscal 2013.











	Impairment of Long-Lived Assets































	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	Fiscal




	2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Impairment of long-lived assets






	$






	1,219













	 






	$






	761















	% of revenues






	0.5






	%






	 






	0.3






	%















	We test long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In fiscal 2014 and 2013, we recorded impairment charges of $1.2 million and $0.8 million, respectively, related to manufacturing assets we no longer utilize.









	Interest Income and Other Income, Net

































	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	Fiscal




	2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Interest income, net






	$






	302













	 






	$






	386















	% of revenues






	0.1






	%






	 






	0.2






	%








	 






	 






	 






	 








	Other income, net






	$






	161













	 






	$






	623















	% of revenues






	0.1






	%






	 






	0.3






	%















	Interest income is primarily earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The decrease in interest income for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily the result of lower yields. Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable securities were $164.3 million at December 27, 2014 compared to $151.5 million at December 28, 2013.






	40

















	The weighted-average yield on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities for fiscal 2014 and 2013 was 0.16% and 0.25%, respectively.









	Other income, net is comprised primarily of foreign currency impact and various other gains and losses. The decrease in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily due to the completion of payments received in fiscal 2013 from an intellectual property settlement and overall lower foreign currency gains and bank and other charges.











	Benefit From Income Taxes































	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	Fiscal




	2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Benefit from income taxes






	$






	(910






	)






	 






	$






	(99






	)








	Effective tax rate






	(4.5






	)%






	 






	(0.2






	)%















	We recorded an income tax benefit of $0.9 million and $0.1 million for fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. Income tax provisions reflect the tax provision on our operations in the US and foreign jurisdictions and the tax benefit from the lapsing of the statute of limitations in foreign jurisdictions.




	We recognize interest (benefit) charges and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of the income tax provision. We recognized interest (benefit) charges and penalties of $(0.1) million, $(0.2) million and $0.3 million in fiscal 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. As of December 27, 2014 and December 28, 2013, we had accrued total interest charges and penalties of $0.1 million and $0.2 million, respectively, related to uncertain tax positions.




	We anticipate that we will continue to record a valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax assets. We expect our future tax provisions, during the time such valuation allowances are recorded, will consist primarily of the tax provision of our profitable non-U.S. jurisdictions. At December 27, 2014, we had Federal research and development tax credit, net operating loss, and foreign tax credit carryforwards of $19.3 million, $293.9 million and $1.9 million, respectively, which will expire at various dates from 2016 through 2034. We had alternative minimum tax credits of $2.4 million which do not expire. We had California research credit and net operating loss carryforwards of $26.5 million and $270.8 million, respectively. The California research credit can be carried forward indefinitely while California net operating loss carryforwards will expire at various dates from 2015 through 2034. We had Singapore net operating loss carryforwards of $10.6 million which can be carried forward indefinitely.




	 




	Our effective tax rate may vary from period to period based on changes in estimated taxable income or loss by jurisdiction, changes to the valuation allowance, changes to U.S. Federal, state or foreign tax laws, future expansion into areas with varying country, state, and local income tax rates, deductibility of certain costs and expenses by jurisdiction.














	Liquidity and Capital Resources




	Capital Resources:


	  Our working capital was


	$214.4 million


	 at


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	$196.4 million


	 at


	December 27, 2014


	. The increase in working capital was primarily due to an increase in cash due to improved operating results and decreased current liabilities.




	Cash and cash equivalents consist of deposits held at banks, money market funds and U.S. government agency securities that at the time of purchase had maturities of 90 days or less. Marketable securities consist of U.S. government and agency securities. We typically invest in highly-rated securities with low probabilities of default. Our investment policy requires investments to be rated single-A or better, and limits the types of acceptable investments, issuer concentration and duration of the investment.




	Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled


	$187.6 million


	 at


	December 26, 2015


	 compared to


	$163.8 million


	 at


	December 27, 2014


	. Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities included


	$36.9 million


	 held by our foreign subsidiaries as of


	December 26, 2015


	. The increase in our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances was primarily due to improved operating results and lower use of cash to support working capital. We believe that we will be able to satisfy our working capital requirements for at least the next twelve months with the liquidity provided by our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining or growing our revenues, or maintaining or reducing our cost structure in an industry down-turn, or increasing our available cash through financing, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities may decline in fiscal


	2016


	.






	41















	We utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to manage our worldwide cash and deploy funds to locations where they are needed. As part of these strategies, we indefinitely reinvest a significant portion of our foreign earnings and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these earnings. Should we require additional capital in the United States, we may elect to repatriate indefinitely reinvested foreign funds or raise capital in the United States. If we were to repatriate indefinitely reinvested foreign funds, we would be required to accrue and pay additional United States taxes less applicable foreign tax credits.









	Day Sales Outstanding:


	  Days sales outstanding from receivables, or DSO, were


	45


	 days at


	December 26, 2015


	 compared with 59 days at


	December 27, 2014


	. Our DSO calculation is determined using the count back method and is based on gross accounts receivable (including accounts receivable for amounts in deferred revenue). The decrease in DSO in fiscal


	2015


	 as compared to fiscal


	2014


	 was primarily due to changes in customer mix.









































	 






	Fiscal




	2015






	 






	Fiscal




	2014






	 






	Fiscal




	2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities






	$






	36,122













	 






	$






	17,659













	 






	$






	(5,802






	)








	Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities






	1,129













	 






	37,339













	 






	(7,750






	)








	Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities






	$






	(4,792






	)






	 






	$






	2,542













	 






	$






	1,999

















	Cash flows from operating activities:


	  Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal


	2015


	 was primarily attributable to improved operating results from increased revenues and decreased costs, and lower working capital necessary to support the increased revenues. The company had a net loss of


	$1.5 million


	 and non-cash expenses of


	$41.1 million


	, including


	$23.8 million


	 of depreciation and amortization,


	$11.6 million


	 of stock-based compensation,


	$6.5 million


	 of provision for excess and obsolete inventories,


	$0.5 million


	 of restructuring activities and which was partially offset by


	$1.0 million


	 gain on disposal and write-off of long-lived assets and


	$0.3 million


	 gain on foreign currency transactions.




	The net change in operating assets and liabilities for fiscal


	2015


	 resulted in a net use of cash of


	$3.4 million


	 comprised of


	$8.2 million


	 of cash used for inventory build, a


	$2.4 million


	 decrease in deferred revenues due to recognition of previously deferred revenues for which the revenue recognition criteria have been met and a


	$2.0 million


	 decrease in accounts payable driven by the timing of our payments on vendor obligations. The above use of cash was offset in part by an increase of


	$8.3 million


	 in accounts receivable from strong collections,


	$0.8 million


	 in income tax refunds and a


	$0.3 million


	 decrease in other assets.









	The net change in operating assets and liabilities for fiscal 2014 resulted in a net use of cash of $18.8 million and which was comprised of cash used of $15.9 million in accounts receivable due to higher sales, $12.0 million of cash used for inventory due to inventory build, a decrease in income tax payable of $1.5 million due to the release of a reserve for uncertain tax positions, an increase of prepaid expenses and other current assets of $0.8 million and a $0.7 million decrease in deferred revenues due to recognition of previously deferred revenues for which the revenue recognition criteria have been met. The above use of cash was offset in part by an increase of $7.8 million in accrued liabilities due to incentive compensation, accrued payroll and warranty, an increase of $4.2 million in accounts payable driven by the timing of our payments on vendor obligations, and a $0.2 million increase in deferred rent and other liabilities due to additional operating lease obligations.









	Cash flows from investing activities:


	  Net cash provided by investing activities for fiscal


	2015


	 was primarily related to


	$74.8 million


	 of proceeds from maturities of marketable securities and


	$1.2 million


	 of proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment offset by purchases of marketable securities totaling


	$66.2 million


	 and cash used in the acquisition of property and equipment of


	$8.6 million


	. We carefully monitor our investments to minimize risks and have not experienced other than temporary investment losses.




	 




	Net cash provided by investing activities for fiscal 2014 was primarily related to $73.5 million of proceeds from maturities of marketable securities and $1.1 million of proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment offset by purchases of marketable securities totaling $31.7 million and cash used in the acquisition of property and equipment of $5.7 million.









	Cash flows from financing activities:


	  Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal


	2015


	 included


	$8.2 million


	 used for the repurchase and retirement of our common stock offset by


	$3.4 million


	 from proceeds received from purchases under our 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan and stock option exercises.









	Net cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2014 included $2.8 million from proceeds received from purchases under our 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan offset by payments of $0.3 million made on capital leases.






	42




















	Our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities increased by


	$23.8 million


	 in fiscal


	2015


	. We continue to focus on improving our operating efficiency to increase operating cash flows. We believe that we will be able to satisfy our cash requirements for at least the next twelve months with the liquidity provided by our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. To the extent necessary, we may also consider entering into short and long-term debt obligations, raise cash through a stock issuance, or to obtain new financing facilities which may not be available on terms favorable to us. Our future capital requirements may vary materially from those now planned. However, if we are unsuccessful in maintaining or growing our revenues, or maintaining or reducing our cost structure in an industry down-turn, or increasing our available cash through financing, our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities could decline in future fiscal years.






	Contractual Obligations and Commitments




	The following table summarizes our significant commitments to make future payments in cash under contractual obligations as of


	December 26, 2015


	 (in thousands):

























































	 






	Payments Due In Fiscal Years








	 






	2016






	 






	2017-2018






	 






	2019-2020






	 






	After 2020






	 






	Total








	 






	(In thousands)








	Operating leases






	$






	3,994













	 






	$






	7,194













	 






	$






	7,064













	 






	$






	2,505













	 






	$






	20,757















	Purchase obligations






	20,899













	 






	9,580













	 






	30













	 






	—













	 






	30,509















	Total



	 (1)







	$






	24,893













	 






	$






	16,774













	 






	$






	7,094













	 






	$






	2,505













	 






	$






	51,266
















	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	(1)






	These amounts do not include our obligations under our agreement to acquire Cascade Microtech, which was entered into on February 3, 2016.









	Purchase obligations are primarily for purchases of inventory and manufacturing related service contracts. For the purposes of this table, purchase obligations are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. The expected timing of payment of the obligations discussed above is estimated based on information available to us as of


	December 26, 2015


	. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.




	The table above excludes our gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits, which totaled approximately


	$17.0 million


	 as of


	December 26, 2015


	. The timing of any payments which could result from these unrecognized tax benefits will depend upon a number of factors. Accordingly, the timing of payment cannot be estimated and has been excluded from the table above. As of


	December 26, 2015


	, the changes to our uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months that are reasonable and probable are not expected to have a significant impact on our financial position or results of operations.






	Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements




	Historically, we have not participated in transactions that have generated relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As of


	December 26, 2015


	, we were not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements.






	Indemnification Agreements




	We may, from time to time in the ordinary course of our business enter into contractual arrangements with third parties that include indemnification obligations. Under these contractual arrangements, we have agreed to defend, indemnify and/or hold the third party harmless from and against certain liabilities. These arrangements include indemnities in favor of customers in the event that our probe cards infringe a third party's intellectual property and our lessors in connection with facility leasehold liabilities that we may cause. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain of our officers, and our bylaws contain indemnification obligations in favor of our directors, officers and agents. These indemnity arrangements may limit the type of the claim, the total amount that we can be required to pay in connection with the indemnification obligation and the time within which an indemnification claim can be made. The duration of the






	43















	indemnification obligation may vary and, for most arrangements, survives the agreement term and is indefinite. We believe that substantially all of our indemnity arrangements provide either for limitations on the maximum potential future payments we could be obligated to make, or for limitations on the types of claims and damages we could be obligated to indemnify, or for both. However, it is not possible to determine or reasonably estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnification obligations due to the varying terms of such obligations, the history of prior indemnification claims, the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular contractual arrangement and in each potential future claim for indemnification, and the contingency of any potential liabilities upon the occurrence of events that are not reasonably determinable. We have not had any requests for indemnification under these arrangements. We have not recorded any liabilities for these indemnification arrangements on our consolidated balance sheet as of


	December 26, 2015


	.






	Recent Accounting Pronouncements




	In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") No. 2014-09,


	 "Revenue from Contracts with Customers",


	and in August 2015 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, “


	Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date,”


	which defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 by one year. ASU 2014-09 requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires expanded disclosures relating to the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. Additionally, qualitative and quantitative disclosures are required about customer contracts, significant judgments and changes in judgments, and assets recognized from the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition methods. This guidance will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in United States generally accepted accounting principles when it becomes effective, which for us will be at the beginning of the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 using one of the two prescribed transition methods. Early adoption of one year prior to the required effective date is permitted. We are in the process of evaluating the impact of this guidance on our ongoing results and operations as well as in the transition methods prescribed above.




	In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, which requires entities to measure most inventory “at the lower of cost and net realizable value,” thereby simplifying the current guidance under which an entity must measure inventory at the lower of cost or market (market in this context is defined as one of three different measures). The ASU will not apply to inventories that are measured by using either the last-in, first-out ("LIFO") method or the retail inventory method ("RIM"). The ASU is effective prospectively for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Early application of the ASU is permitted. Upon transition, entities must disclose the nature of and reason for the accounting change. We do not believe adoption of this standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.




	In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,


	Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes


	, related to balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. The ASU requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in the statement of financial position, thereby simplifying the current guidance that requires an entity to separate deferred assets and liabilities into current and noncurrent amounts. The ASU will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 though early adoption is permitted. We have early-adopted the ASU as of December 26, 2015 prospectively and our statement of financial position as of this date reflects the revised classification of current deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. No prior periods were retrospectively adjusted. There is no other impact on our financial statements of early-adopting the ASU.









	In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, 


	Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities


	, which provides guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial assets and liabilities. This ASU will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018. We are evaluating the effects of the adoption of this ASU to our financial statements.









	In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02,


	Leases


	. ASU 2016-02 requires that lease arrangements longer than twelve months result in an entity recognizing an asset and liability. The updated guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and early adoption is permitted. We have not evaluated the impact of the updated guidance on our consolidated financial statements.















	Item 7A:    


	Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk




	Foreign Currency Exchange Risk.


	 We conduct certain operations in foreign currencies. We enter into currency forward exchange contracts to hedge a portion, but not all, of existing foreign currency denominated amounts. Gains and losses on these contracts are generally recognized in "Other income, net" in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Because the effect of






	44















	movements in currency exchange rates on the currency forward exchange contracts generally offsets the related effect on the underlying items being hedged, these financial instruments are not expected to subject us to risks that would otherwise result from changes in currency exchange rates. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We recognized a net loss of


	$2.1 million


	 and a net gain of


	$1.7 million


	, respectively for fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	, from the fluctuation in foreign exchange rates and the valuation of these hedge contracts.




	Interest Rate Sensitivity.


	 Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our investment portfolio. We invest in a number of securities including U.S. agency discount notes, money market funds and commercial paper. We attempt to ensure the safety and preservation of our invested principal funds by limiting default risk, market risk and reinvestment risk. We mitigate default risk by investing in high grade investment securities. By policy, we limit the amount of credit exposure to an issuer, except U.S. Treasuries and U.S. agencies. We do not use interest rate derivative instruments to manage interest rate exposures nor do we invest for trading or speculative purposes. The fair market value of our fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted by increases in interest rates while income earned on floating rate securities may decline as a result of decreases in interest rates. A hypothetical 100 basis-point (one percentage point) increase or decrease in interest rates compared to rates at


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	 would have affected the fair value of our investment portfolio by less than


	$0.2 million


	 and


	$0.3 million


	, respectively.






	Item 8:    


	Financial Statements and Supplementary Data




	Consolidated Financial Statements




	The consolidated financial statements and supplementary data of FormFactor required by this item are included in the section entitled "Consolidated Financial Statements" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Item 15(a)(1) for a list of our consolidated financial statements.






	Item 9:    


	Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure




	None.






	Item 9A:    


	Controls and Procedures




	Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures




	Based on our management's evaluation (with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer), as of the end of the period covered by this report, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the "Exchange Act")) were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.




	Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting




	There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.




	Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting




	Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel and consultants, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that:




	          (i)  pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of assets;




	         (ii)  provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors; and






	45















	        (iii)  provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.




	Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.




	Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of


	December 26, 2015


	. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth in


	Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)


	 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on the results of this assessment, management has concluded that, our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of


	December 26, 2015


	, based on the criteria in


	Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)


	 issued by the COSO.




	The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of


	December 26, 2015


	 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.




	Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls




	Control systems, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control systems' objectives are being met. Further, the design of any control systems must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of all controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Control systems can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based, in part, on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures.




	CEO and CFO Certifications




	We have attached as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are required in accordance with the Exchange Act. We recommend that this Item 9A be read in conjunction with the certifications for a more complete understanding of the subject matter presented.






	Item 9B:    


	Other Information




	None.






	46





















	PART III








	Item 10:    


	Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance




	Information concerning our board of directors, committees and directors, including our audit committee and audit committee financial expert, will be included in our Proxy Statement for our


	2016


	 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under the section entitled "Proposal No. 1—Election of Directors". The information in such portions of the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.




	For biographical information with respect to our directors and executive officers, see Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the section entitled "Directors and Executive Officers".




	Information concerning Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance will appear in our Proxy Statement under the section entitled "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance". The information in such portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.




	We have adopted a Statement of Corporate Code of Business Conduct that applies to all directors, officers and employees of FormFactor and a Statement of Financial Code of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and other employees in our finance department. Information concerning these codes will appear in our Proxy Statement under the section entitled "Proposal No. 1—Election of Directors—Corporate Codes". The information in such portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.






	Item 11:    


	Executive Compensation




	Information concerning executive officer compensation and related information will appear in our Proxy Statement under the section entitled "Compensation Discussion and Analysis", "Executive Compensation and Related Information", "Report of the Compensation Committee" and "Proposal No. 1—Election of Directors—Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation". Information concerning director compensation and related information will appear in our Proxy Statement under the section entitled "Proposal No. 1—Election of Directors". The information in such portions of the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.






	Item 12:    


	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters




	Information concerning the security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters will appear in our Proxy Statement under the section entitled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters". The information in such portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.




	Information concerning our equity compensation plans will appear in our Proxy Statement under the section entitled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters—Equity Compensation Plans". The information in such portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.






	Item 13:    


	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence




	Information concerning certain relationships and related transactions, including our related person transactions policy will appear in our Proxy Statement under the section entitled "Certain Relationships and Related Transactions". The information in such portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.




	Information concerning director independence will appear in our Proxy Statement under the section entitled "Proposal No. 1—Election of Directors". The information in such portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.






	Item 14:    


	Principal Accounting Fees and Services




	Information concerning principal accounting fees and services and the audit committee's pre-approval policies and procedures will appear in our Proxy Statement under the section entitled "Proposal No. 2—Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm". The information in such portion of the Proxy Statement is incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference.






	47





















	PART IV








	Item 15:    


	Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules













	(a)






	The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:







	(1)


	Consolidated Financial Statements:




	Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms




	Consolidated Balance Sheets




	Consolidated Statements of Operations




	Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss




	Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity




	Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows




	Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements









	(2)


	Exhibits:




	The exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.


















	(b)






	Financial Statement Schedules:







	All schedules have been omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.













	(c)






	Exhibits:
























































	 






	 






	 






	 






	Incorporated by Reference






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Exhibit




	Number






	 






	Exhibit Description






	 






	Form






	 






	File No






	 






	Date of




	First Filing






	 






	Exhibit




	Number






	 






	Filed




	Herewith








	2.01***













	 






	Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 31, 2012 among Astria Semiconductor Holdings, Inc., the Registrant, ELM Acquisition, Inc. and Fortis Advisors LLC, as Equityholder Representative






	 






	10-Q/A













	 






	000-50307













	 






	1/23/2013













	 






	33.01













	 






	 








	3.01













	 






	Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on June 17, 2003






	 






	S-1













	 






	333-109815













	 






	10/20/2003













	 






	3.01













	 






	 








	3.02













	 






	Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant






	 






	8-K













	 






	000-50307













	 






	5/25/2005













	 






	3.02













	 






	 








	4.01













	 






	Specimen Common Stock Certificate






	 






	S-1/A













	 






	333-86738













	 






	5/28/2002













	 






	4.01













	 






	 








	10.01+













	 






	Form of Indemnity Agreement






	 






	S-1/A













	 






	333-86738













	 






	5/28/2002













	 






	10.01













	 






	 








	10.02+













	 






	Form of Change of Control Severance Agreement






	 






	10-K













	 






	000-50307













	 






	3/14/2005













	 






	10.48













	 






	 








	10.03+













	 






	1996 Stock Option Plan, and form of option grant






	 






	S-1













	 






	333-86738













	 






	4/22/2002













	 






	10.03













	 






	 








	10.04+













	 






	Incentive Option Plan, and form of option grant






	 






	S-1













	 






	333-86738













	 






	4/22/2002













	 






	10.04













	 






	 








	10.05+













	 






	Management Incentive Option Plan, and form of option grant






	 






	S-1













	 






	333-86738













	 






	4/22/2002













	 






	10.05













	 






	 








	10.06+













	 






	2002 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of plan agreements






	 






	10-Q













	 






	000-50307













	 






	5/4/2011













	 






	10.06













	 






	 








	10.07+













	 






	2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended






	 






	10-Q













	 






	000-50307













	 






	8/7/2007













	 






	10.01













	 






	 








	10.08+













	 






	Key Employee Bonus Plan, as amended






	 






	10-Q













	 






	000-50307













	 






	5/7/2007













	 






	10.01













	 






	 








	10.09+













	 






	Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective April 18, 2012, and forms of plan agreements






	 






	10-K













	 






	000-50307













	 






	3/13/2013













	 






	10.09













	 






	 








	10.10+













	 






	Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated April 18, 2012






	 






	10-K













	 






	000-50307













	 






	3/13/2013













	 






	10.10













	 






	 








	10.11













	 






	Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville Holding Company LLC (successor to Greenville Investors, L.P.) ("Greenville") and the Registrant dated May 3, 2001






	 






	S-1/A













	 






	333-86738













	 






	6/10/2003













	 






	10.18













	 






	 








	10.12













	 






	First Amendment to Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated January 31, 2003






	 






	S-1/A













	 






	333-86738













	 






	5/7/2003













	 






	10.18.1













	 






	 








	10.13













	 






	Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated May 3, 2001






	 






	S-1/A













	 






	333-86738













	 






	6/10/2003













	 






	10.19













	 






	 








	10.14













	 






	First Amendment to Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated January 31, 2003






	 






	S-1/A













	 






	333-86738













	 






	5/7/2003













	 






	10.19.1













	 






	 








	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 












	48
































































	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	 






	 






	 






	Incorporated by Reference






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Exhibit




	Number






	 






	Exhibit Description






	 






	Form






	 






	File No






	 






	Date of




	First Filing






	 






	Exhibit




	Number






	 






	Filed




	Herewith








	10.15













	 






	Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated May 3, 2001






	 






	S-1/A













	 






	333-86738













	 






	6/10/2003













	 






	10.2













	 






	 








	10.16+













	 






	First Amendment to Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated January 31, 2003






	 






	S-1/A













	 






	333-86738













	 






	5/7/2003













	 






	10.20.1













	 






	 








	10.17+













	 






	Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated September 7, 2004, as amended by First Amendment to Building 6 Lease dated August 16, 2006






	 






	10-Q













	 






	000-50307













	 






	11/7/2006













	 






	10.01













	 






	 








	10.18+













	 






	Employment Offer Letter, dated August 29, 2012 to Mike Slessor






	 






	10-K













	 






	000-50307













	 






	3/13/2013













	 






	10.19+













	 






	 








	10.19+













	 






	Tax withholding reimbursement letter between Mike Slessor and the Registrant dated December 30, 2013






	 






	10-K













	 






	000-50307













	 






	3/6/2015













	 






	10.2













	 






	 








	16.01













	 






	Letter of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated April 8, 2013






	 






	8-K













	 






	000-50307













	 






	4/8/2013













	 






	16.01













	 






	 








	21.01













	 






	List of Registrant's subsidiaries






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	23.01













	 






	Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - KPMG






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	24.01













	 






	Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this Form 10-K)






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	31.01













	 






	Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	31.02













	 






	Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	32.01*













	 






	Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.INS**













	 






	XBRL Instance Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.SCH**













	 






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.CAL**













	 






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.DEF**













	 






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.LAB**













	 






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.PRE**













	 






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X
























	*






	This exhibit shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings.
















	**






	Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.
















	***






	Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document. The schedules, exhibits, and annexes to this exhibit have been omitted in reliance on Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K and will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request.
















	+






	Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.









	49





















	SIGNATURES




	Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Livermore, State of California, on the


	4



	th



	 day of March


	2016


	.

























	 






	FORMFACTOR, INC.






	 








	 






	By:






	 






	/s/ MICHAEL M. LUDWIG






	 








	 






	 






	 






	Michael M. Ludwig




	Chief Financial Officer




	(Principal Financial Officer and Principal




	Accounting Officer)






	 









	POWER OF ATTORNEY




	KNOW BY ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Michael M. Ludwig and Jason Cohen, and each of them, the undersigned's true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents with full power of substitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any other documents in connection therewith, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act requisite and necessary to be done with respect to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including amendments, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.




	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the date indicated below.




	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

























	 






	Signature






	Title






	Date








	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	Principal Executive Officer:






	 






	 






	 








	 






	/s/ MICHAEL D. SLESSOR






	Chief Executive Officer and Director






	 






	March 4, 2016








	 






	Michael D. Slessor








	 






	Principal Financial Officer and Principal




	Accounting Officer:






	 






	 






	 








	 






	/s/ MICHAEL M. LUDWIG






	Chief Financial Officer






	 






	March 4, 2016








	 






	Michael M. Ludwig
















	50






































	 






	Signature






	Title






	 






	Date








	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	Additional Directors:






	 






	 






	 








	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	/s/ LOTHAR MAIER






	Director






	 






	March 4, 2016








	 






	Lothar Maier






	 








	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	/s/ EDWARD ROGAS, JR






	Director






	 






	March 4, 2016








	 






	Edward Rogas, Jr






	 








	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	/s/ KELLEY STEVEN-WAISS






	Director






	 






	March 4, 2016








	 






	Kelley Steven-Waiss






	 








	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	/s/ MICHAEL W. ZELLNER






	Director






	 






	March 4, 2016








	 






	Michael W. Zellner






	 








	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	/s/ RICHARD DELATEUR






	Director






	 






	March 4, 2016








	 






	Richard DeLateur






	 








	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	 






	/s/ THOMAS ST. DENNIS






	Director






	 






	March 4, 2016








	 






	Thomas St. Dennis






	 











	51

























	Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm









	The Board of Directors and Stockholders




	FormFactor, Inc.:









	We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of FormFactor, Inc. and subsidiaries as of


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended


	December 26, 2015


	. We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of


	December 26, 2015


	, based on criteria established in


	Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)


	 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits.




	We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.




	A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.




	Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.




	In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of FormFactor, Inc. and subsidiaries as of


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended


	December 26, 2015


	, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of


	December 26, 2015


	, based on the criteria established in


	Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)


	 issued by COSO.









	/s/ KPMG LLP




	Santa Clara, California




	March 4, 2016








	52



























	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS































	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	 






	(In thousands, except share




	and per share data)








	ASSETS






	 






	 






	 








	Current assets:






	 






	 






	 








	Cash and cash equivalents






	$






	146,264













	 






	$






	113,940















	Marketable securities






	41,325













	 






	49,897















	Accounts receivable, net






	36,725













	 






	45,152















	Inventories, net






	27,223













	 






	25,548















	Deferred tax assets






	—













	 






	2,036















	Refundable income taxes






	—













	 






	782















	Prepaid expenses and other current assets






	6,481













	 






	6,919















	Total current assets






	258,018













	 






	244,274















	Restricted cash






	435













	 






	435















	Property, plant and equipment, net






	23,853













	 






	25,498















	Goodwill






	30,731













	 






	30,731















	Intangibles, net






	25,552













	 






	38,689















	Deferred tax assets






	3,281













	 






	3,466















	Other assets






	853













	 






	1,150















	Total assets






	$






	342,723













	 






	$






	344,243















	LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY






	 






	 






	 








	Current liabilities:






	 






	 






	 








	Accounts payable






	$






	18,072













	 






	$






	20,274















	Accrued liabilities






	21,507













	 






	21,217















	Income taxes payable






	110













	 






	68















	Deferred revenue






	3,892













	 






	6,303















	Total current liabilities






	43,581













	 






	47,862















	Long-term income taxes payable






	1,069













	 






	1,094















	Deferred tax liabilities






	—













	 






	2,208















	Deferred rent and other liabilities






	3,392













	 






	3,643















	Total liabilities






	48,042













	 






	54,807















	Commitments and contingencies (Note 9)













	 















	Stockholders' equity:






	 






	 






	 








	Preferred stock, $0.001 par value:






	 






	 






	 








	10,000,000 shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014






	—













	 






	—















	Common stock, $0.001 par value:






	 






	 






	 








	250,000,000 shares authorized; 58,088,969 and 56,518,428 shares issued and outstanding at December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, respectively






	58













	 






	57















	Additional paid-in capital






	718,904













	 






	711,676















	Accumulated other comprehensive loss






	(2,222






	)






	 






	(1,761






	)








	Accumulated deficit






	(422,059






	)






	 






	(420,536






	)








	Total stockholders' equity






	294,681













	 






	289,436















	Total liabilities and stockholders' equity






	$






	342,723













	 






	$






	344,243






















	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.






	53



















	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS







































	 






	Fiscal Year Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	 






	(In thousands, except per share data)








	Revenues






	$






	282,358













	 






	$






	268,530













	 






	$






	231,533















	Cost of revenues






	196,620













	 






	191,091













	 






	189,249















	Gross profit






	85,738













	 






	77,439













	 






	42,284















	Operating expenses:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Research and development






	44,184













	 






	42,725













	 






	42,139















	Selling, general and administrative






	45,090













	 






	51,385













	 






	53,217















	Restructuring charges, net






	559













	 






	2,668













	 






	4,658















	Loss on sale of subsidiary






	—













	 






	—













	 






	300















	Impairment of long-lived assets






	8













	 






	1,219













	 






	761















	Total operating expenses






	89,841













	 






	97,997













	 






	101,075















	Operating loss






	(4,103






	)






	 






	(20,558






	)






	 






	(58,791






	)








	Interest income, net






	285













	 






	302













	 






	386















	Other income, net






	2,547













	 






	161













	 






	623















	Loss before income taxes






	(1,271






	)






	 






	(20,095






	)






	 






	(57,782






	)








	Provision (benefit) from income taxes






	252













	 






	(910






	)






	 






	(99






	)








	Net loss






	$






	(1,523






	)






	 






	$






	(19,185






	)






	 






	$






	(57,683






	)








	Net loss per share:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Basic and diluted






	$






	(0.03






	)






	 






	$






	(0.34






	)






	 






	$






	(1.06






	)








	Weighted-average number of shares used in per share calculations:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Basic and diluted






	57,850













	 






	55,908













	 






	54,204






















	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.






	54



















	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS












































	 






	Fiscal Year Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Net loss






	$






	(1,523






	)






	 






	$






	(19,185






	)






	 






	$






	(57,683






	)








	Other comprehensive loss, net of tax:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	  Foreign currency translation adjustments






	(397






	)






	 






	(1,502






	)






	 






	(1,825






	)








	Unrealized losses on available-for-sale marketable securities






	(64






	)






	 






	(10






	)






	 






	(139






	)








	Other comprehensive loss, net of tax






	(461






	)






	 






	(1,512






	)






	 






	(1,964






	)








	Comprehensive loss






	$






	(1,984






	)






	 






	$






	(20,697






	)






	 






	$






	(59,647






	)















	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.











	55































	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY





























































	 






	Common Stock






	 






	Additional Paid-in Capital






	 






	Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)






	 






	Accumulated Deficit






	 






	Total








	 








	 






	Shares






	 






	Amount








	 






	(In thousands, except shares)








	Balances, December 29, 2012






	53,286,703













	 






	$






	54













	 






	$






	681,157













	 






	$






	1,715













	 






	$






	(343,668






	)






	 






	$






	339,258















	Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of options for cash






	20,000













	 






	—













	 






	106













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	106















	Issuance of common stock pursuant to vesting of restricted stock units, net of stock withheld






	759,724













	 






	—













	 






	(4






	)






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(4






	)








	Issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan






	583,173













	 






	1













	 






	2,501













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	2,502















	Stock-based compensation






	—













	 






	—













	 






	11,871













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	11,871















	Components of other comprehensive income (loss):






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Change in unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(139






	)






	 






	—













	 






	(139






	)








	Currency translation adjustments






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(1,825






	)






	 






	—













	 






	(1,825






	)








	Net loss






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(57,683






	)






	 






	(57,683






	)








	Balances, December 28, 2013






	54,649,600













	 






	55













	 






	695,631













	 






	(249






	)






	 






	(401,351






	)






	 






	294,086















	Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of options for cash






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—















	Issuance of common stock pursuant to vesting of restricted stock units, net of stock withheld






	1,282,442













	 






	1













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	1















	Issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan






	586,386













	 






	1













	 






	2,811













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	2,812















	Stock-based compensation






	—













	 






	—













	 






	13,234













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	13,234















	Components of other comprehensive income (loss):






	 













	 






	 













	 






	 













	 






	 













	 






	 













	 






	 








	Change in unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(10






	)






	 






	—













	 






	(10






	)








	Currency translation adjustments






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(1,502






	)






	 






	—













	 






	(1,502






	)








	Net loss






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(19,185






	)






	 






	(19,185






	)








	Balances, December 27, 2014






	56,518,428













	 






	57













	 






	711,676













	 






	(1,761






	)






	 






	(420,536






	)






	 






	289,436















	Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of options for cash






	24,607













	 






	—













	 






	209













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	209















	Issuance of common stock pursuant to vesting of restricted stock units, net of stock withheld






	1,993,603













	 






	2













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	2















	Issuance of common stock under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan






	565,493













	 






	—













	 






	3,206













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	3,206















	Purchase and retirement of common stock






	(1,013,162






	)






	 






	(1






	)






	 






	(8,210






	)






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(8,211






	)








	Stock-based compensation






	—













	 






	—













	 






	12,023













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	12,023















	Components of other comprehensive income (loss):






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Change in unrealized gain (loss) on marketable securities, net of tax






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(64






	)






	 






	—













	 






	(64






	)








	Currency translation adjustments






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(397






	)






	 






	—













	 






	(397






	)








	Net loss






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(1,523






	)






	 






	(1,523






	)








	Balances, December 26, 2015






	58,088,969













	 






	$






	58













	 






	$






	718,904













	 






	$






	(2,222






	)






	 






	$






	(422,059






	)






	 






	$






	294,681






















	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.






	56
























	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS


































	 






	Fiscal Year Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	 






	(In thousands)








	Cash flows from operating activities:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Net loss






	$






	(1,523






	)






	 






	$






	(19,185






	)






	 






	$






	(57,683






	)








	Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Depreciation and amortization






	23,771













	 






	30,491













	 






	28,909















	(Accretion) amortization of discount on investments






	(10






	)






	 






	208













	 






	463















	Stock-based compensation expense






	11,575













	 






	13,279













	 






	12,124















	Deferred income tax (benefit) provision






	(14






	)






	 






	230













	 






	445















	Provision (recovery) for doubtful accounts receivable






	18













	 






	1













	 






	(19






	)








	Provision for excess and obsolete inventories






	6,493













	 






	7,127













	 






	10,461















	(Gain) loss on disposal and write-off of long-lived assets






	(1,009






	)






	 






	(10






	)






	 






	365















	Impairment of long-lived assets






	8













	 






	1,219













	 






	761















	Loss on sale of subsidiary






	—













	 






	—













	 






	300















	Non-cash restructuring






	500













	 






	600













	 






	2,743















	Foreign currency transaction (gains) losses






	(275






	)






	 






	2,489













	 






	620















	Changes in assets and liabilities:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Accounts receivable






	8,261













	 






	(15,949






	)






	 






	(2,102






	)








	Inventories






	(8,167






	)






	 






	(11,975






	)






	 






	(7,980






	)








	Prepaid expenses and other current assets






	173













	 






	(822






	)






	 






	3,557















	Refundable income taxes






	782













	 






	—













	 






	5,143















	Other assets






	250













	 






	25













	 






	138















	Accounts payable






	(2,036






	)






	 






	4,155













	 






	(2,324






	)








	Accrued liabilities






	(333






	)






	 






	7,765













	 






	(2,474






	)








	Income taxes payable






	19













	 






	(1,511






	)






	 






	(346






	)








	Deferred rent and other liabilities






	52













	 






	248













	 






	83















	Deferred revenues






	(2,413






	)






	 






	(726






	)






	 






	1,014















	Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities






	36,122













	 






	17,659













	 






	(5,802






	)








	Cash flows from investing activities:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Acquisition of property, plant and equipment






	(8,640






	)






	 






	(5,670






	)






	 






	(8,530






	)








	Proceeds (use of cash) from sale of subsidiary






	53













	 






	115













	 






	(210






	)








	Proceeds from sale of intellectual property and property, plant and equipment






	1,200













	 






	1,114













	 






	61















	Purchases of marketable securities






	(66,234






	)






	 






	(31,693






	)






	 






	(91,338






	)








	Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities






	74,750













	 






	73,473













	 






	90,385















	Proceeds from sale of marketable securities






	—













	 






	—













	 






	2,000















	Change in restricted cash






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(118






	)








	Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities






	1,129













	 






	37,339













	 






	(7,750






	)








	Cash flows from financing activities:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Proceeds from issuances of common stock






	3,418













	 






	2,813













	 






	2,602















	Purchase and retirement of common stock






	(8,210






	)






	 






	—













	 






	—















	Payments made on capital leases






	—













	 






	(271






	)






	 






	(603






	)








	Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities






	(4,792






	)






	 






	2,542













	 






	1,999















	Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents






	(135






	)






	 






	(2,796






	)






	 






	(1,494






	)








	Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents






	32,324













	 






	54,744













	 






	(13,047






	)








	Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year






	113,940













	 






	59,196













	 






	72,243















	Cash and cash equivalents, end of year






	$






	146,264













	 






	$






	113,940













	 






	$






	59,196















	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Non-cash investing and financing activities:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Changes in accounts payable and accrued liabilities related to property, plant and equipment purchases






	$






	361













	 






	$






	(122






	)






	 






	$






	1,528















	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Income and property taxes paid (refunded), net






	$






	27













	 






	$






	950













	 






	$






	(6,152






	)










	The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.






	57










	FORMFACTOR, INC.






	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS











	Note 1—Formation and Business of the Company




	FormFactor, Inc. ("FormFactor" or the "Company" and also referred to as "we" or "our") was incorporated in Delaware on April 15, 1993 and designs, develops, manufactures, sells and supports precision, high performance advanced semiconductor probe card products. We are based in Livermore, California, which is our corporate office, research and development center, and one of our manufacturing locations. We have facilities in the United States, Singapore, Japan, Taiwan, South Korea, Germany, Italy and the People's Republic of China.




	Fiscal Year




	Our fiscal year ends on the last Saturday in December. The fiscal years ended on


	December 26, 2015


	,


	December 27, 2014


	 and


	December 28, 2013


	, respectively, consisted of


	52


	 weeks each.






	Note 2—Summary of Significant Accounting Policies




	Basis of Consolidation and Foreign Currency Translation




	The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and those of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.




	The functional currencies of certain of our foreign subsidiaries are the local currencies and, accordingly, all assets and liabilities of these foreign operations are translated to U.S. Dollars at current period-end exchange rates, and revenues and expenses are translated to U.S. Dollars using average exchange rates in effect during the period. The gains and losses from the foreign currency translation of these subsidiaries' financial statements are included as a separate component of stockholders' equity under “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).”




	Certain other of our foreign subsidiaries use the U.S. Dollar as their functional currency. Accordingly, monetary assets and liabilities in non-functional currencies of these subsidiaries are remeasured using exchange rates in effect at the end of the period. Revenues and costs in local currency are remeasured using average exchange rates for the period, except for costs related to those balance sheet items that are remeasured using historical exchange rates. The resulting remeasurement gains and losses are included in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as incurred.




	Use of Estimates




	The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Estimates may change as new information is obtained. We believe that the estimates, assumptions and judgments involved in revenue recognition, fair value of marketable securities, allowance for doubtful accounts, reserves for product warranty, valuation of obsolete and slow moving inventory, assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, legal contingencies, valuation of goodwill, the assessment of recoverability of long-lived assets, valuation and recognition of stock-based compensation, provision for income taxes and valuation of deferred tax assets have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




	Business Acquisitions




	Our consolidated financial statements include the operations of an acquired business after the completion of the acquisition. We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting. The acquisition method of accounting for acquired businesses requires, among other things, that assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date, and that the fair value of acquired intangibles including in-process research and development (IPR&D) be recorded on the balance sheet. Also, transaction costs are expensed as incurred. Any excess of the purchase price over the assigned fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.




	Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities




	Cash and cash equivalents consist of deposits and financial instruments which are readily convertible into cash and have original maturities of 90 days or less at the time of acquisition. Marketable securities consist primarily of highly liquid investments with maturities of greater than 90 days when purchased. We generally classify our marketable securities at the date






	58








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	of acquisition as available-for-sale. These securities are reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)", a component of stockholder's equity, net of tax. Any unrealized losses which are considered to be other-than-temporary impairments are recorded in "Other income, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Realized gains (losses) on the sale of marketable securities are determined using the specific-identification method and recorded in "Other income, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.




	All of our available-for-sale investments are subject to a periodic impairment review. We record a charge to earnings when a decline in fair value is significantly below cost basis and judged to be other-than-temporary, or have other indicators of impairments. If the fair value of an available-for-sale investment is less than its amortized cost basis, an other-than-temporary impairment is triggered in circumstances where (1) we intend to sell the instrument, (2) it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the instrument before recovery of its amortized cost basis or (3) a credit loss exists where we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the instrument. If we intend to sell or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the available-for-sale investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis, we recognize an other-than- temporary impairment charge equal to the entire difference between the investment's amortized cost basis and its fair value.




	Fair Value of Financial Instruments




	We have evaluated the estimated fair value of financial instruments using available market information and valuations as provided by third-party sources. The use of different market assumptions and/or estimation methodologies could have a significant effect on the estimated fair value amounts. The fair value of the Company's cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and other current liabilities approximate their carrying amounts due to the relatively short maturity of these items. Estimates of fair value of our marketable securities are based on quoted market prices from active markets or third party, market-based pricing sources which we believe to be reliable. These estimates represent the third parties' good faith opinion as to what a buyer in the marketplace would pay for a security in a current sale.




	Whenever possible, the fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or quoted market prices of similar assets from active markets. The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value are as follows:















	•






	Level 1 valuations are obtained from real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets;
















	•






	Level 2 inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices near the reporting date in markets that are less active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and
















	•






	Level 3 valuations are based on unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology and include our own data about assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available under the circumstances.








	Each level of input has different levels of subjectivity and difficulty involved in determining fair value.




	Foreign Exchange Management




	We transact business in various foreign currencies. We enter into forward foreign exchange contracts in an effort to mitigate the risks associated with currency fluctuations on certain foreign currency balance sheet exposures. Gains and losses resulting from the impact of currency exchange rate movements on forward foreign exchange contracts designated to offset certain foreign currency balance sheet exposures are recognized as "Other income, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period in which the exchange rates change. These gains and losses are intended to partially offset the foreign currency exchange gains and losses on the underlying exposures being hedged. We record the fair value of these contracts as of the end of our reporting period in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.




	Restricted Cash




	Under the terms of one of our facility leases, we provide security to the landlord in the form of letters of credit. As of


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	, restricted cash included


	$0.4 million


	, respectively, for letters of credit secured by a certificate of deposit.




	Inventories




	Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (principally standard cost which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis) or market value. The provision for potentially excess and obsolete inventory is made based on management's analysis of inventory levels and forecasted future sales. On a quarterly basis, we review inventory quantities on hand and on order under






	59








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	non-cancelable purchase commitments in comparison to our past usage and estimated forecast of product demand for the next six to twelve months to determine what inventory quantities, if any, may not be sellable. Based on this analysis, we write down the affected inventory value for estimated excess and obsolescence charges. Once the value is adjusted, the original cost of our inventory less the related inventory write-down represents the new cost basis of such products. Reversal of these write downs is recognized only when the related inventory has been scrapped or sold. Shipping and handling costs are classified as a component of "Cost of revenues" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.




	We design, manufacture and sell a fully custom product into a market that has been subject to cyclicality and significant demand fluctuations. Probe cards are complex products, custom to a specific chip design and have to be delivered on short lead-times. Probe cards are manufactured in low volumes, but for certain materials, the purchases are often subject to minimum order quantities in excess of the actual underlying probe card demand. It is not uncommon for us to acquire production materials and commence production activities based on estimated production yields and forecasted demand prior to or in excess of actual demand for our probe cards. These factors result in normal recurring inventory valuation adjustments to cost of revenues. Aggregate inventory write downs were


	$6.5 million


	,


	$7.1 million


	 and


	$10.5 million


	 for fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	, respectively.




	When our products have been delivered, but the revenue associated with that product is deferred because the related revenue recognition criteria have not been met, we may defer the related inventory costs. The deferred inventory costs do not exceed the deferred revenue amounts. The deferred inventory costs are classified as a component of "Prepaid expenses and other current assets" in the Consolidated Balance Sheet.




	Property, Plant, and Equipment




	Property and equipment is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is provided on a straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives of the assets:


	1


	 to


	5


	 years for machinery and equipment,


	1


	 to


	5


	 years for computer equipment and software and


	1


	 to


	5


	 years for furniture and fixtures. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the related asset. Construction-in-progress assets are not depreciated until the assets are placed in service. Upon sale or retirement of assets, the cost and related accumulated depreciation or amortization, are removed from the balance sheet and the resulting gain or loss is reflected in operations.




	Goodwill




	Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Since our acquisition of MicroProbe in Fiscal 2012, we had historically operated in


	one


	 reportable segment consisting of


	two


	 operating segments and for the purposes of our goodwill impairment analysis, we had


	two


	 reporting units, all of which related to our FormFactor and MicroProbe product groups. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we determined that we now operate in


	one


	 reportable segment consisting of


	one


	 operating segment and for the purposes of our goodwill impairment analysis, we further concluded that we now have one reporting unit, all of which relates to the design, development, manufacture and sale of high performance advanced probe cards as a result of the successful integration of the MicroProbe business into our overall consolidated operations.




	The Company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. If an entity determines as a result of the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then the quantitative impairment test is required. Otherwise, no further testing is required.




	The performance of the quantitative impairment test involves a two-step process. The first step of the impairment test involves comparing the fair value of the applicable reporting unit with its aggregate carrying value, including goodwill. We generally determine the fair value of our reporting unit using a combination of the income approach (that includes the use of the discounted cash flow method) and the market approach (guideline company approach) valuation methodologies. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds the fair value of that reporting unit, we perform the second step of the quantitative impairment test to determine the amount of impairment loss. The second step of the goodwill impairment test involves comparing the implied fair value of the affected reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying value of that goodwill.




	During the fourth quarter of fiscal


	2015


	, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test prior to and subsequent to the change in our reporting unit structure by assessing qualitative factors and we concluded that our goodwill was not impaired as of


	December 26, 2015


	. Our qualitative review included, among other factors, an assessment of our market capitalization which was significantly higher than our book value. No impairment charges associated with our goodwill were recorded during fiscal


	2014


	 and


	2013


	. Refer to Note 8 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -


	Goodwill and Intangible Assets


	 for further details.











	60








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	Intangible Assets




	Intangible assets consist of acquisition related intangible assets and intellectual property. The intangible assets are being amortized over periods which reflect the pattern in which economic benefits of the assets are expected to be realized, over


	1


	 to


	10


	 years. We perform a review of intangible assets when facts and circumstances indicate that the useful life is shorter than originally estimated or that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. Such facts and circumstances include significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors; current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of the intangible assets; and current expectation that the intangible assets will more likely than not be sold or disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives. We assess the recoverability of identified intangible assets by comparing the projected undiscounted net cash flows associated with the related asset or group of assets over their remaining lives against their respective carrying amounts. Impairments, if any, are based on the excess of the carrying amount over the fair value of those assets.




	Impairment of Long-Lived Assets




	We test long-lived assets or asset groups such as property, plant and equipment and intangible assets for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger a review include, but are not limited to: significant decreases in the market price of the asset; significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors; accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the asset; current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of the asset; and current expectation that the asset will more likely than not be sold or disposed of before the end of its estimated useful life.




	Recoverability is assessed based on the carrying amounts of the asset or asset group and the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and the eventual disposal of the asset. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds fair value. Refer to Note 6 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -


	Impairment of Long-lived Assets


	, for additional information.




	Concentration of Credit Risk and Other Risks and Uncertainties




	Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, marketable securities and trade receivables. Our cash equivalents and marketable securities are held in safekeeping by large, credit worthy financial institutions. We invest our excess cash primarily in U.S. banks, government and agency bonds, money market funds and corporate obligations. We have established guidelines relative to credit ratings, diversification and maturities that seek to maintain safety and liquidity. Deposits in these banks may exceed the amounts of insurance provided on such deposits. To date, we have not experienced any losses on our deposits of cash and cash equivalents.




	We market and sell our products to a narrow base of customers and generally do not require collateral. The following customers represented greater than


	10%


	 of our revenues in fiscal


	2015


	, fiscal


	2014


	 and fiscal


	2013


	:



































	 






	Fiscal 2015






	 






	Fiscal 2014






	 






	Fiscal 2013








	Intel






	19.6






	%






	 






	19.7






	%






	 






	17.7






	%








	Samsung






	14.6













	 






	*













	 






	*















	SK hynix






	14.3













	 






	16.9













	 






	16.5















	Micron






	11.7













	 






	15.0













	 






	11.7















	Total






	60.2






	%






	 






	51.6






	%






	 






	45.9






	%










	* Less than 10% of revenues




	At


	December 26, 2015


	,


	one


	 customer accounted for


	29%


	 of gross accounts receivable. At


	December 27, 2014


	,


	two


	 customers accounted for


	26%


	 and


	18%


	 of gross accounts receivable. We operate in the intensely competitive semiconductor industry, including the Dynamic Random Access Memory, or DRAM, Flash memory, and System-on-Chip, or SoC markets, which have been characterized by price erosion, rapid technological change, short product life cycles and heightened foreign and domestic competition. Significant technological changes in the industry could adversely affect our operating results.




	We are exposed to non-performance risk by counterparties on the currency forward exchange contracts used in hedging activities. We seek to minimize risk by diversifying our hedging program across multiple financial institutions. These counterparties are large international financial institutions, and to date no such counterparty has failed to meet its financial obligations to us.






	61








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	Certain components for our wafer probe card products that meet our requirements are available only from a limited number of suppliers. The rapid rate of technological change and the necessity of developing and manufacturing products with short life cycles may intensify our reliance on such suppliers. The inability to obtain components as required, or to develop alternative sources, if and as required in the future, could result in delays or reductions in product shipments, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.




	Revenue Recognition




	We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement exists, title and risk of loss has transferred to the customer, the selling price is fixed or determinable and collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured. In instances where final acceptance of the deliverable is specified by the customer, revenue is deferred until all acceptance criteria have been met. Revenues from the licensing of our design and manufacturing technology, which have not been material to date, are recognized over the term of the license agreement or when the significant contractual obligations have been fulfilled.




	Warranty Obligations




	We offer warranties on certain products and record a liability for the estimated future costs associated with warranty claims at the time revenue is recognized. The warranty liability is based upon historical experience and our estimate of the level of future costs. While we engage in product quality programs and processes, our warranty obligation is affected by product failure rates, material usage and service delivery costs incurred in correcting a product failure. We continuously monitor product returns for warranty and maintain a reserve for the related expenses based upon our historical experience and any specifically identified field failures. As we sell new products to our customers, we must exercise considerable judgment in estimating the expected failure rates. This estimating process is based on historical experience of similar products, as well as various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.




	We provide for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized. Warranty costs are reflected in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as a cost of revenues. A reconciliation of the changes in our warranty liability is as follows (in thousands):

































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	Balance at beginning of year






	$






	1,592













	 






	$






	691















	Accruals






	2,536













	 






	2,972















	Settlements






	(3,012






	)






	 






	(2,071






	)








	Balance at end of year






	$






	1,116













	 






	$






	1,592

















	Research and Development




	Research and development expenses include expenses related to product development, engineering and material costs. All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.




	Allowance for Doubtful Accounts




	The majority of our trade receivables are derived from sales to large multinational semiconductor manufacturers throughout the world. In order to monitor potential credit losses, we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers' financial condition. An allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained based upon our assessment of the expected collectability of all accounts receivable. The allowance for doubtful accounts is reviewed and assessed for adequacy on a quarterly basis. We take into consideration (1) any circumstances of which we are aware of a customer's inability to meet its financial obligations and (2) our judgments as to prevailing economic conditions in the industry and their impact on our customers. If circumstances change, and the financial condition of our customers is adversely affected and they are unable to meet their financial obligations, we may need to take additional allowances, which would result in an increase in our operating expense.






	62










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	The allowance for doubtful accounts receivable consisted of the following activity for fiscal years


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	 (in thousands):















































	 






	Balance at Beginning of Year






	 






	Additions






	 






	Reductions






	 






	Balance at End of Year








	Fiscal year ended December 28, 2013






	$






	289













	 






	$






	—













	 






	$






	(24






	)






	 






	$






	265















	Fiscal year ended December 27, 2014






	265













	 






	5













	 






	(4






	)






	 






	266















	Fiscal year ended December 26, 2015






	$






	266













	 






	$






	20













	 






	$






	(2






	)






	 






	$






	284

















	Restructuring Charges




	Restructuring charges include costs related to employee termination benefits, cost of long-lived assets abandoned or impaired, as well as contract termination costs. The determination of when we accrue for employee termination benefits depends on whether the termination benefits are provided under a one-time benefit arrangement or under an on-going benefit arrangement. For restructuring charges recorded as an on-going benefit arrangement, a liability for post-employment benefits is recorded when payment is probable, the amount is reasonably estimable, and the obligation relates to rights that have vested or accumulated. For restructuring charges recorded as a one-time benefit arrangement, we recognize a liability for employee termination benefits when a plan of termination, approved by management and establishing the terms of the benefit arrangement, has been communicated to employees. The timing of the recognition of one-time employee termination benefits is dependent upon the period of time the employees are required to render service after communication. If employees are not required to render service in order to receive the termination benefits or if employees will not be retained to render service beyond the minimum legal notification period, a liability for the termination benefits is recognized at the communication date. In instances where employees will be retained to render service beyond the minimum legal notification period, the liability for employee termination benefits is measured initially at the communication date based on the fair value of the liability as of the termination date and is recognized ratably over the future service period. We continually evaluate the adequacy of the remaining liabilities under our restructuring initiatives.




	We record charges related to long-lived assets to be abandoned when the assets cease to be used. When we cease using a building or other asset with remaining non-cancelable lease payments continuing beyond our use period, we record a liability for remaining payments under lease arrangements and contract termination costs that continue for the remaining term without economic benefit to us at the cease-use date. Given the significance of, and the timing of the execution of such activities, this process is complex and involves periodic reassessments of estimates made at the time the original decisions were made, including evaluating real estate market conditions for expected vacancy periods and sub-lease rents. Although we believe that these estimates accurately reflect the costs of our restructuring plans, actual results may differ, thereby requiring us to record additional provisions or reverse a portion of such provisions.




	The Company recorded restructuring charges of


	$0.6 million


	,


	$2.7 million


	 and


	$4.7 million


	 for fiscal years


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	, respectively. Refer to Note 4,


	Restructuring Charges


	 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.




	Income Taxes




	We utilize the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred taxes are determined based on the temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using tax rates expected to be in effect during the years in which the basis differences reverse and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. We estimate our provision for income taxes and amounts ultimately payable or recoverable in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world. Estimates involve interpretations of regulations and are inherently complex. Resolution of income tax treatments in individual jurisdictions may not be known for many years after completion of any fiscal year. We are required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis to determine whether there is a need for a valuation allowance with respect to such deferred tax assets. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Significant management judgment is required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence giving greater weight to our recent cumulative losses and our ability to carryback losses against prior taxable income and, commensurate with objective verifiability, the forecast of future taxable income including the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies.




	We recognize and measure uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We report a liability for






	63








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the income tax provision. Accrued interest and penalties are included within the related tax liability caption line in the consolidated balance sheet.




	We file annual income tax returns in multiple taxing jurisdictions around the world. A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, we believe that our reserves for income taxes reflect the most likely outcome. We adjust these reserves, as well as the related interest, in light of changing facts and circumstances. Settlement of any particular position could require the use of cash.




	Stock-Based Compensation




	We recognize compensation expense for all stock-based awards based on the grant-date estimated fair values, net of an estimated forfeiture rate. The value of the portion of the award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense ratably over the requisite service periods in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. The fair value of stock options is measured using the Black-Scholes option pricing model while the fair value for restricted stock awards and restricted stock units is measured based on the closing market price of our common stock on the date of grant.




	Net Loss Per Share




	Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted net loss per share is computed giving effect to all potential dilutive common stock, including stock options, restricted stock units and common stock subject to repurchase. Diluted loss per share was based only on the weighted-average number of shares outstanding during that period as the inclusion of any common stock equivalents would have been anti-dilutive.




	A reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used in the calculation of basic and diluted net loss per share is as follows (in thousands):









































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	Numerator:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Net loss used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share






	$






	(1,523






	)






	 






	$






	(19,185






	)






	 






	$






	(57,683






	)








	Denominator:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Weighted-average shares used in computing basic net loss per share






	57,850













	 






	55,908













	 






	54,204















	Add potentially dilutive securities






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—















	Weighted-average shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss per share






	57,850













	 






	55,908













	 






	54,204

















	The following securities were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive for the periods presented (in thousands):



































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	Options to purchase common stock






	2,320













	 






	2,874













	 






	3,805















	Restricted stock units






	2,578













	 






	—













	 






	373















	Employee stock purchase plan






	8













	 






	28













	 






	22















	Total potentially dilutive securities






	4,906













	 






	2,902













	 






	4,200





























	64










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss




	Accumulated other comprehensive loss includes foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities net of tax, the impact of which has been excluded from earnings and reflected as components of stockholders' equity.




	Components of accumulated other comprehensive loss was as follows (in thousands):



































	 






	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax of $428 in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively






	 






	$






	(483






	)






	 






	$






	(419






	)








	Cumulative translation adjustments






	 






	(1,739






	)






	 






	(1,342






	)








	Accumulated other comprehensive loss






	 






	$






	(2,222






	)






	 






	$






	(1,761






	)















	Recent Adopted Accounting Standards




	In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-17,


	Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes


	, related to balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. The ASU requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in the statement of financial position, thereby simplifying the current guidance that requires an entity to separate deferred assets and liabilities into current and noncurrent amounts. The ASU will be effective for us beginning in the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 though early adoption is permitted. We have early-adopted the ASU as of December 26, 2015 prospectively and our statement of financial position as of this date reflects the revised classification of current deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. No prior periods were retrospectively adjusted. There is no other impact on our financial statements of early-adopting the ASU.













	Note 3—Balance Sheet Components




	Marketable Securities




	Marketable securities at


	December 26, 2015


	 consisted of the following (in thousands):















































	 






	Amortized Cost






	 






	Gross Unrealized Gains






	 






	Gross Unrealized Losses






	 






	Fair Value








	U.S. Treasuries






	$






	18,896













	 






	$






	1













	 






	$






	(44






	)






	 






	$






	18,853















	Agency securities (Federal)






	22,484













	 






	—













	 






	(12






	)






	 






	22,472















	 






	$






	41,380













	 






	$






	1













	 






	$






	(56






	)






	 






	$






	41,325

















	Marketable securities at


	December 27, 2014


	 consisted of the following (in thousands):

















































	 






	Amortized Cost






	 






	Gross Unrealized Gains






	 






	Gross Unrealized Losses






	 






	Fair Value








	U.S. Treasuries






	$






	42,386













	 






	$






	13













	 






	$






	(4






	)






	 






	$






	42,395















	Agency securities (Federal)






	7,502













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	7,502















	 






	$






	49,888













	 






	$






	13













	 






	$






	(4






	)






	 






	$






	49,897






















	We classify our marketable securities as available-for-sale. All marketable securities represent the investment of funds available for current operations, notwithstanding their contractual maturities. Such marketable securities are recorded at fair value and unrealized gains and losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income until realized.




	We typically invest in highly-rated securities with low probabilities of default. Our investment policy requires investments to be rated single-A or better, limits the types of acceptable investments, concentration as to security holder and duration of the investment. The gross unrealized losses on the Company's investments in fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	, respectively, were caused primarily by changes in interest rates.






	65








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	Our investment portfolio consists of both corporate and government securities that have a maximum maturity of


	three


	 years. The longer the duration of these securities, the more susceptible they are to changes in market interest rates and bond yields. As yields increase, those securities with a lower yield-at-cost show a mark-to-market unrealized loss. We anticipate recovering the full cost of the securities either as market conditions improve, or as the securities mature. Accordingly, we believe that the unrealized losses are not other-than-temporary. When evaluating the investments for other-than-temporary impairment, we review factors such as the length of time and extent to which fair value has been below the amortized cost basis, review of current market liquidity, interest rate risk, the financial condition of the issuer, as well as credit rating downgrades. As of


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	,


	none


	 of our investments had been in a continuous loss position for


	12


	 months or more.




	The contractual maturities of marketable securities as of


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	 were as follows (in thousands):

















































	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	 






	Amortized Cost






	 






	Fair Value






	 






	Amortized Cost






	 






	Fair Value








	Due in one year or less






	$






	33,882













	 






	$






	33,871













	 






	$






	38,499













	 






	$






	38,509















	Due after one year to five years






	7,498













	 






	7,454













	 






	11,389













	 






	11,388















	 






	$






	41,380













	 






	$






	41,325













	 






	$






	49,888













	 






	$






	49,897






















	Realized gains on sales or maturities of marketable securities were immaterial for each of the fiscal years


	2015


	,


	2014


	, and


	2013


	.




	Asset Retirement Obligations




	We account for the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation to be recognized in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made. The fair value of the liability is added to the carrying amount of the associated asset and this additional carrying amount is amortized over the life of the asset. Our asset retirement obligation is associated with our commitment to return property subject to operating leases in the People's Republic of China, Taiwan, South Korea, Singapore and Japan to their original condition upon lease termination. We have estimated that as of


	December 26, 2015


	, gross expected future cash flows of


	$0.9 million


	 would be required to fulfill these obligations.




	The carrying amount of a majority of the leasehold improvements resulting from asset retirement obligations were fully amortized by fiscal 2013 and over the original term of the related leases. Leasehold improvements amortization expense was immaterial for each of fiscal years


	2015


	 and


	2014


	.




	The following is a reconciliation of the aggregate asset retirement liability associated with our commitment to return property to its original condition upon lease termination (in thousands):

































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	Asset retirement obligation beginning balance






	$






	903













	 






	$






	988















	Initial amount recorded for new asset retirement obligation






	10













	 






	—















	Currency translation






	6













	 






	(85






	)








	Asset retirement obligation ending balance






	$






	919













	 






	$






	903






















	The aggregate asset retirement liability was further classsified in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as (in thousands):































	Other accrued liabilities, current






	$






	212













	 






	$






	—















	Deferred rent and other liabilities, non-current






	707













	 






	903















	 






	$






	919













	 






	$






	903



















	66










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	Inventories




	Net inventories consisted of the following (in thousands):































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	Raw materials






	$






	12,996













	 






	$






	10,646















	Work-in-progress






	12,492













	 






	12,813















	Finished goods






	1,735













	 






	2,089















	 






	$






	27,223













	 






	$






	25,548



















	Property, Plant and Equipment




	Property, plant and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands):































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	Machinery and equipment






	150,983













	 






	145,995















	Computer equipment and software






	27,951













	 






	28,953















	Furniture and fixtures






	5,380













	 






	5,402















	Leasehold improvements






	67,121













	 






	66,821















	Sub-total






	251,435













	 






	247,171















	Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization






	(232,005






	)






	 






	(224,135






	)








	Net long-lived assets






	19,430













	 






	23,036















	Construction-in-progress






	4,423













	 






	2,462















	Total






	$






	23,853













	 






	$






	25,498

















	In fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	, we ceased use of fully depreciated assets with an acquired cost of


	$1.6 million


	 and


	$6.6 million


	, respectively.




	As discussed in Note 6 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -


	Impairment of Long-lived Assets


	, in fiscal


	2015


	, long-lived asset impairment charges recorded were insignificant. In fiscal


	2014


	 and


	2013


	, we recorded impairment charges of


	$1.2 million


	 and


	$0.8 million


	, respectively, for manufacturing assets and software that we no longer utilize.




	Depreciation and amortization of property, plant and equipment, excluding the impairments charges discussed above, for the fiscal years


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	 was


	$10.6 million


	,


	$11.7 million


	 and


	$12.2 million


	, respectively.




	Accrued Liabilities




	Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):

































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	Accrued compensation and benefits






	$






	12,286













	 






	$






	12,431















	Accrued indirect and other taxes






	2,189













	 






	2,223















	Accrued commissions






	366













	 






	460















	Accrued warranty






	1,116













	 






	1,592















	Deferred rent






	325













	 






	216















	Accrued restructuring






	2













	 






	584















	Other accrued expenses






	5,223













	 






	3,711















	 






	$






	21,507













	 






	$






	21,217



















	67










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	Note 4—Restructuring Charges




	Restructuring charges include costs related to employee termination benefits, cost of long-lived assets abandoned or impaired, as well as contract termination costs. Restructuring charges are reflected separately as "Restructuring charges, net" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. A summary of the actions we have taken during fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	, and


	2013


	, the purpose of which were to improve operating efficiency, streamline and simplify our operations and reduce our operating costs, are discussed below.









	2015 Restructuring Activities









	During fiscal 2015, we recorded restructuring charges of approximately


	$0.6 million


	 which included stock-based compensation expense of approximately


	$0.5 million


	 relating to the modification of an equity-based award. All other restructuring charges recorded in fiscal 2015 were insignificant.









	2014 Restructuring Activities









	On January 27, 2014, we announced a global organizational restructuring and cost reduction plan. As part of the plan, the Company eliminated


	52


	 full-time employees. In addition, we reduced our temporary workforce by


	9


	 positions. We recorded


	$2.0 million


	 of restructuring charges during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, which was comprised of


	$1.4 million


	 in severance and related benefits and


	$0.6 million


	 in impairment charges for certain equipment that would no longer be utilized. During the remainder of fiscal 2014, we further eliminated an additional


	5


	 full-time positions and recorded


	$0.7 million


	 in severance charges. The activities comprising these restructuring activities were substantially completed in fiscal 2014 and the remaining cash payments associated with these activities were paid in fiscal 2015.









	2013 Restructuring Activities









	I


	n the first fiscal quarter of 2013, we implemented a restructuring plan which resulted in the reduction of our global workforce by


	31


	 employees across the organization. In addition, we reduced our temporary workforce by approximately


	20


	 positions. We also suspended development activities and engineering efforts for our next generation DRAM Matrix platform and terminated development activities for a certain SoC product platform. We recorded


	$4.0 million


	 of restructuring charges during the first fiscal quarter of 2013, which was comprised of


	$1.3 million


	 in severance and related benefits and


	$2.7 million


	 in impairment charges for certain equipment that would no longer be utilized.




	I


	n the fourth fiscal quarter of 2013, we implemented a restructuring plan which resulted in the reduction of our global workforce by


	17


	 full-time employees across the organization. In addition, we reduced our temporary workforce by


	17


	 positions. We recorded


	$0.4 million


	 of restructuring charges during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2013 for severance and related benefits.




	The above activities comprising the reduction in workforce were completed in fiscal 2013. The remaining cash payments as of December 28, 2013 associated with the various reductions in workforce were paid in fiscal 2014. 






	68












	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	The following table summarizes the activities related to the restructuring actions from fiscal


	2013


	 to


	2015


	 (in thousands):















































	 






	Employee

	Severance and

	Benefits






	 






	Property and Equipment Impairment






	 






	Contract

	Termination

	and Other Costs






	 






	Total








	 Accrual at December 31, 2012






	$






	548













	 






	$






	—













	 






	$






	68













	 






	$






	616















	Restructuring charges






	2,083













	 






	2,743













	 






	15













	 






	4,841















	Asset impairments






	—













	 






	(2,743






	)






	 






	—













	 






	(2,743






	)








	 Adjustments to restructuring charges






	(178






	)






	 






	(5






	)






	 






	—













	 






	(183






	)








	  Cash payments






	(2,320






	)






	 






	(32






	)






	 






	(17






	)






	 






	(2,369






	)








	  Non-cash settlements






	5













	 






	37













	 






	(66






	)






	 






	(24






	)








	Accrual at December 28, 2013






	138













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	138















	Restructuring charges






	2,068













	 






	600













	 






	—













	 






	2,668















	Asset impairments






	—













	 






	(600






	)






	 






	—













	 






	(600






	)








	  Cash payments






	(1,620






	)






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(1,620






	)








	  Non-cash settlements






	(2






	)






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(2






	)








	Accrual at December 27, 2014






	584













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	584















	Restructuring charges






	59













	 






	—













	 






	500













	 






	559















	  Cash payments






	(641






	)






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(641






	)








	Non-cash settlements






	—













	 






	—













	 






	(500






	)






	 






	(500






	)








	Accrual at December 26, 2015






	$






	2













	 






	$






	—













	 






	$






	—













	 






	$






	2
























	Note 5—Derivative Financial Instruments




	We operate and sell our products in various global markets. As a result, we are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We utilize foreign currency forward contracts to hedge against future movements in foreign exchange rates that affect certain existing foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. Under this program, our strategy is to have increases or decreases in our foreign currency exposures offset by gains or losses on the foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the risks and volatility associated with foreign currency transaction gains or losses. We do not use derivative financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes. Our derivative instruments are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. Accordingly, changes in the fair value of these hedges are recorded in earnings to offset the changes in the fair value of the assets or liabilities being hedged. We record the fair value of these contracts as of the end of our reporting period to our Consolidated Balance Sheet with changes in fair value recorded within "


	Other income, net


	" in our Consolidated Statement of Operations for both realized and unrealized gains and losses.




	As of


	December 26, 2015


	, there were three outstanding foreign exchange forward contracts, one contract to sell Japanese Yen and two contracts to buy Korean Won and Taiwan Dollars. The following tables provide information about our foreign currency forward contracts outstanding as of


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	 (in thousands):





































	December 26, 2015






	 






	Contract Position






	 






	Contract Amount

	(Local Currency)






	 






	Contract Amount

	(U.S. Dollar)








	 






	 






	 






	 






	(In thousands)








	Japanese Yen






	Sell






	 






	3,328,268













	 






	$






	27,635















	Taiwan Dollar






	Buy






	 






	(37,152






	)






	 






	(1,136






	)








	Korean Won






	Buy






	 






	(840,111






	)






	 






	(718






	)








	 






	Total USD notional amount of outstanding foreign exchange contracts






	 






	 













	 






	$






	25,781



















	69










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)







































	December 27, 2014






	 






	Contract Position






	 






	Contract Amount

	(Local Currency)






	 






	Contract Amount

	(U.S. Dollar)








	 






	 






	 






	 






	(In thousands)








	Japanese Yen






	Sell






	 






	1,955,798













	 






	$






	16,241















	Taiwan Dollar






	Buy






	 






	(30,886






	)






	 






	(977






	)








	Korean Won






	Buy






	 






	(1,763,054






	)






	 






	(1,613






	)








	 






	Total USD notional amount of outstanding foreign exchange contracts






	 






	 













	 






	$






	13,651

















	The contracts outstanding at


	December 26, 2015


	 were entered into on December 24, 2015 and matured on January 26, 2016 for the Japanese Yen, Korean Won and Taiwan Dollar. Our foreign currency contracts are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as they are valued using pricing models that utilize observable market inputs. There was no change in the value of these contracts as of


	December 26, 2015


	. Additionally, no gains or losses relating to the outstanding derivative contracts as of


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	 were recorded during their respective fiscal periods.




	The location and amount of gains (losses) related to non-designated derivative instruments that matured in fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	 in the Consolidated Statements of Operations are as follows (in thousands):







































	 






	 






	 






	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments






	 






	Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized

	on Derivatives






	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	Foreign exchange forward contracts






	 






	Other Income, net






	 






	$






	(310






	)






	 






	$






	1,768


























	Note 6—Impairment of Long-lived Assets




	The following table summarizes the components of the impairments that we recorded in fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	 (in thousands):







































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	Impairment of long-lived assets:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Assets held for sale






	$






	—













	 






	$






	191













	 






	$






	—















	Assets to be disposed of other than by sale






	8













	 






	1,028













	 






	761















	Total






	$






	8













	 






	$






	1,219













	 






	$






	761

















	Assets held for sale




	 In fiscal


	2015


	, we did not record any impairment charge on assets held for sale and there were no long-lived assets classified as held for sale as of


	December 26, 2015


	.




	During fiscal


	2014


	, we reclassified


	$0.6 million


	 of building and


	$0.5 million


	 of machinery and equipment from "Property, plant and equipment, net" to "Prepaid expenses and other current assets" in our Consolidated Balance Sheet as these assets were identified as held for sale. In the same fiscal year, we recorded a gain of


	$0.2 million


	 and


	$52.0 thousand


	 on the sale of the building and machinery and equipment, respectively. In addition, we also recorded a


	$0.2 million


	 impairment charge related to machinery and equipment which was held for sale. There were


	no


	 long-lived assets classified as held for sale as of


	December 27, 2014


	.




	In fiscal


	2013


	, we did not record any impairment charge on assets held for sale.




	These impairments were included within "Impairment of long-lived assets" in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for their respective periods.





















	70








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	Assets to be disposed of other than by sale




	In fiscal


	2015


	, long-lived asset impairment charges recorded were insignificant. In fiscal


	2014


	 and


	2013


	, we recorded impairment charges of


	$1.2 million


	 and


	$0.8 million


	, respectively, for manufacturing assets and software that we no longer utilize.




	All of these charges are included in "Impairment of long-lived assets" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for their respective periods.




	Refer to Note 8 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -


	Goodwill and Intangible Assets


	 for further details relating to our intangible long-lived assets.






	Note 7—Fair Value




	We use fair value measurements to record adjustments to certain financial and non-financial assets and to determine fair value disclosures. The carrying amounts of certain of our financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued compensation and other accrued liabilities, approximate fair value because of their short maturities. Our marketable securities are financial assets recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.




	The accounting standards for fair value defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires disclosures about fair value measurements. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such as inherent risk, transfer restrictions and risk of nonperformance. The accounting standard establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of inputs, the first two of which are considered observable and the last unobservable. We apply the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:













	•






	Level 1—Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
















	•






	Level 2—Inputs, other than the quoted prices in active markets, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices near the reporting date in markets that are less active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities; and
















	•






	Level 3—Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.












	We obtain the fair value of our Level 1 investments in certain money market funds, at the expected market price. These investments are expected to maintain a net asset value of


	$1


	 per share.









	We determine the fair value of our Level 2 financial instruments from several third party asset managers, custodian banks, and the accounting service providers. Independently, these service providers use professional pricing services to gather pricing data, which may include quoted market prices for identical or comparable instruments or inputs other than quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly.









	We utilize the market approach to measure the fair value of our fixed income securities. The market approach is a valuation technique that uses prices and other relevant information generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. The fair value of our fixed income securities is obtained using readily-available market prices from a variety of industry standard data providers, large financial institutions and other third-party sources for the identical underlying securities.









	Our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. Such controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations and independent recalculation of prices.




	Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis




	We measure and report certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring basis, including money market funds, U.S. Treasury securities, agency securities and foreign currency derivatives (refer to Note 5 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -


	Derivative Financial Instruments


	 for a discussion of fair value of foreign currency derivatives).






	71










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	Fair values measured on a recurring basis as of


	December 26, 2015


	 (in thousands):







































	 






	Level 1






	 






	Level 2






	 






	Total








	Assets:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Cash equivalents






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Money market funds






	$






	82,935













	 






	$






	—













	 






	$






	82,935















	Marketable securities






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	U.S. Treasuries






	—













	 






	18,853













	 






	18,853















	Agency securities (Federal)






	—













	 






	22,472













	 






	22,472















	Total






	$






	82,935













	 






	$






	41,325













	 






	$






	124,260

















	Fair values measured on a recurring basis as of


	December 27, 2014


	 (in thousands):









































	 






	Level 1






	 






	Level 2






	 






	Total








	Assets:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Cash equivalents






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Money market funds






	$






	65,303













	 






	$






	—













	 






	$






	65,303















	Marketable securities






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	U.S. Treasuries






	—













	 






	42,395













	 






	42,395















	Agency securities (Federal)






	—













	 






	7,502













	 






	7,502















	Total






	$






	65,303













	 






	$






	49,897













	 






	$






	115,200

















	The Level 1 assets consist of our money market fund deposits. The Level 2 assets consist of our available-for-sale investment portfolio, which are valued utilizing a market approach. Our investments are priced by pricing vendors who provided observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant judgment. Broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing vendors or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. Our broker-priced investments are labeled as Level 2 investments because fair values of these investments are based on similar assets without applying significant judgments. In addition, all of our investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments.




	We did not have any transfers of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis to or from Level 1 and Level 2 during fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	.




	Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis




	 We measure and report goodwill and intangible assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis. Refer to Note 8 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -


	Goodwill and Intangible Assets


	, for further details. There were no assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis during fiscal


	2015


	.






	Note 8—Goodwill and Intangible Assets




	Goodwill of


	$30.7 million


	 as of


	December 26, 2015


	 remained unchanged from the amounts recorded as of


	December 27, 2014


	.




	For the purposes of our goodwill impairment analysis and since our acquisition of MicroProbe in Fiscal 2012, we had historically


	two


	 reporting units, all of which related to our FormFactor and MicroProbe product groups. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we determined that we now have


	one


	 reporting unit relating to the design, development, manufacture and sale of high performance advanced probe cards as a result of the successful integration of the MicroProbe business into our overall consolidated operations.




	During the fourth quarter of fiscal


	2015


	, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test prior to and subsequent to the change in our reporting unit structure by assessing qualitative factors and we concluded that our goodwill was not impaired as of


	December 26, 2015


	. Our qualitative review included, among other factors, an assessment of our market capitalization which was significantly higher than our book value. During the fourth quarter of fiscal


	2014


	, we also performed our annual goodwill impairment test by an assessment of qualitative factors and concluded that our goodwill was not impaired as


	December 27, 2014


	. Furthermore, the Company has not recorded any historical goodwill impairments as of


	December 26, 2015


	. The evaluation of goodwill and intangible assets for impairment requires the exercise of significant judgment. In the






	72










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	event of future changes in business conditions, we will be required to reassess and update our forecasts and estimates used in future impairment analyses. If the results of these analyses are lower than current estimates, a material impairment charge may result at that time.









	The changes in intangible assets for fiscal


	2015


	 and the net book value of intangible assets at


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	 were as follows (in thousands):



















































































	 






	 






	Intangible Assets, Gross Amount






	 






	Accumulated Amortization






	 






	Intangible Assets, Net






	 






	Weight Average Useful Life








	Other Intangible Assets (1)






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	Additions/Disposals






	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	Expense, net






	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 26, 2015








	Existing developed technologies (2)






	 






	$






	45,300













	 






	$






	6,900













	 






	$






	52,200













	 






	$






	29,097













	 






	$






	10,484













	 






	$






	39,581













	 






	$






	16,203













	$






	12,619













	 






	2.0








	Trade name






	 






	4,388













	 






	—













	 






	4,388













	 






	970













	 






	439













	 






	1,409













	 






	3,418













	2,979













	 






	6.8








	Customer relationships






	 






	17,000













	 






	—













	 






	17,000













	 






	4,832













	 






	2,214













	 






	7,046













	 






	12,168













	9,954













	 






	4.8








	Total finite-lived intangible assets






	 






	66,688













	 






	6,900













	 






	73,588













	 






	34,899













	 






	13,137













	 






	48,036













	 






	31,789













	25,552













	 






	 








	In-process research and development






	 






	6,900













	 






	(6,900






	)






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	6,900













	—













	 






	 








	Total intangible assets






	 






	$






	73,588













	 






	$






	—













	 






	$






	73,588













	 






	$






	34,899













	 






	$






	13,137













	 






	$






	48,036













	 






	$






	38,689













	$






	25,552













	 






	 

























	(1)






	Excludes fully amortized intangible assets.








	(2)






	As of December 26, 2015, we excluded approximately $5.9 million of fully amortized existing developed technology intangible assets from gross intangible assets and accumulated amortization due to the sale of these intangible assets to MarTek Inc. These intangible assets were fully amortized as of December 27, 2014 but were in use until their sale to MarTek Inc. Refer to Note 9 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements-


	Commitments and Contingencies


	, for further details.














	During the year ended


	December 26, 2015


	, purchased in-process research and development ("IPR&D") projects with carrying values of


	$6.9 million


	 were completed and reclassified to finite-lived intangible assets, and are currently being amortized over their remaining estimated weighted average useful lives of


	2.8


	 years as of


	December 26, 2015


	.




	We recorded


	$13.1 million


	,


	$18.8 million


	 and


	$16.7 million


	, in amortization expense related to our intangible assets in fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	, and


	2013


	, respectively. Of the total amortization expense for fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	, and


	2013


	,


	$10.4 million


	,


	$16.1 million


	, and


	$13.8 million


	 were charged to cost of revenues, respectively, and


	$2.7 million


	,


	$2.7 million


	 and


	$2.9 million


	 were charged to selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively.




	Based on the carrying value of the finite-lived intangible assets recorded as of


	December 26, 2015


	, and assuming no subsequent additions to or impairment of the underlying assets, the remaining estimated annual amortization expense is expected to be as follows (in thousands):



























	Fiscal Year






	 






	Amount








	2016






	 






	$






	10,060















	2017






	 






	4,943















	2018






	 






	4,666















	2019






	 






	3,052















	2020






	 






	2,045















	and thereafter






	 






	786















	Total






	 






	$






	25,552









































	73








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	Note 9—Commitments and Contingencies




	Leases




	We lease facilities under non-cancellable operating leases with various expiration dates through 2021. The facilities generally require us to pay property taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. Further, several lease agreements contain rent escalation clauses or rent holidays. For purposes of recognizing minimum rental expenses on a straight-line basis over the terms of the leases, we use the date of initial possession to begin amortization. We have the option to extend or renew most of our leases which may increase the future minimum lease commitments.




	Rent expense for the fiscal years


	2015


	,


	2014


	, and


	2013


	 was


	$4.9 million


	,


	$4.8 million


	 and


	$4.9 million


	, respectively.




	As of


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	, we did not lease any equipment under capital leases. The depreciation expense of certain equipment under capital leases was


	$0.2 million


	 in fiscal


	2014


	 and


	$0.5 million


	 in fiscal


	2013


	.




	Future minimum payments under our non-cancelable operating leases are as follows as of


	December 26, 2015


	 (in thousands):



























	 






	 






	Operating

	Leases








	Fiscal years:






	 






	 








	2016






	 






	$






	3,994















	2017-2018






	 






	7,194















	2019-2020






	 






	7,064















	Thereafter






	 






	2,505















	Total






	 






	$






	20,757






















	Other Contractual Obligations




	The following table sets forth our commitments to settle other contractual obligations in cash as of


	December 26, 2015


	 (in thousands):























































	 






	Payments Due In Fiscal Years








	 






	2016






	 






	2017-2018






	 






	2019-2020






	 






	After 2020






	 






	Total








	 






	(In thousands)








	Purchase obligations






	$






	20,899













	 






	$






	9,580













	 






	$






	30













	 






	$






	—













	 






	$






	30,509
















	Purchase obligations are primarily for purchases of inventory and manufacturing related service contracts. For the purposes of this table, purchase obligations are defined as agreements that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. The expected timing of payment of the obligations discussed above is estimated based on information available to us as of


	December 26, 2015


	. Timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the time of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon amounts for some obligations.




	The table above excludes our gross liability for unrecognized tax benefits, which totaled


	$17.0 million


	 as of


	December 26, 2015


	. The timing of any payments which could result from these unrecognized tax benefits will depend upon a number of factors. Accordingly, the timing of payment cannot be estimated and has been excluded from the table above. As of


	December 26, 2015


	, the changes to our uncertain tax positions in the next 12 months, that are reasonably possible, are not expected to have a significant impact on our financial position or results of operations.




	 Environmental Matters









	We are subject to U.S. Federal, State, local, and foreign governmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the clean-up of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. We believe that we comply in all material respects with the environmental laws and regulations that apply to us, including those of the California Department of Toxic Substances Control, the Bay Area Air Quality Management District, the City of Livermore Water Resources Division, County of Santa Clara Department of Environmental Health, County of San Diego Hazardous Materials Division and Encino Water District, and the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health. We did not






	74








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	receive any notices of violations of environmental laws and regulations in fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 or


	2013


	. In the future, we may receive notices of violations of environmental regulations, or otherwise learn of such violations. Environmental contamination or violations may negatively impact our business.




	Indemnification Arrangements




	We have entered, and may from time to time in the ordinary course of our business enter, into contractual arrangements with third parties that include indemnification obligations. Under these contractual arrangements, we have agreed to defend, indemnify and/or hold the third party harmless from and against certain liabilities. These arrangements include indemnities in favor of customers in the event that our products or services infringe a third party's intellectual property or cause property or other damages and indemnities in favor of our lessors in connection with facility leasehold liabilities that we may cause. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and certain of our officers, and our bylaws contain indemnification obligations in favor of our directors, officers and agents. These indemnity arrangements may limit the type of the claim, the total amount that we can be required to be paid in connection with the indemnification obligation and the time within which an indemnification claim can be made. The duration of the indemnification obligation may vary, and for most arrangements, survives the agreement term and is indefinite. We believe that substantially all of our indemnity arrangements provide either for limitations on the maximum potential future payments we could be obligated to make, or for limitations on the types of claims and damages we could be obligated to indemnify, or both. However, it is not possible to determine or reasonably estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments under these indemnification obligations due to the varying terms of such obligations, a lack of history of prior indemnification claims, the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular contractual arrangement and in each potential future claim for indemnification, and the contingency of any potential liabilities upon the occurrence of events that are not reasonably determinable. We have not had any material requests for indemnification under these arrangements. Our management believes that any liability for these indemnity arrangements would not be material to our accompanying consolidated financial statements. We have not recorded any liabilities for these indemnification arrangements on our consolidated balance sheet as of


	December 26, 2015


	.




	Legal Matters




	From time to time, we may be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business. For the year ended


	December 26, 2015


	, we were not involved in any material legal proceedings. We identify below in "Other Litigation", a proceeding filed in fiscal 2013, which, if not resolved amicably, either (i) includes allegations that could potentially result in a material legal proceeding, or (ii) the cost to defend the allegations through trial could be material. In the future we may become a party to additional legal proceedings that may require us to spend significant resources, including proceedings designed to protect our intellectual property rights. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of legal proceedings are difficult to predict, and the costs incurred in litigation can be substantial, regardless of outcome.




	In March 2014, we filed a lawsuit against MarTek, Inc. ("MarTek"), asserting breach of contract, copyright infringement and related claims arising out of a licensing agreement we entered into with MarTek for the use by MarTek of certain intellectual property assets (the “IP”). MarTek asserted counterclaims against us for breach of contract and related claims regarding that license.




	On July 13, 2015, we entered into an agreement with MarTek under which the parties agreed to dismiss the pending litigation and release each other from any and all claims relating to the license agreement. As part of the agreement, we agreed to sell the IP to MarTek for


	$2 million


	, of which


	$1.2 million


	 was received on July 17, 2015, and the remaining


	$0.8 million


	 is in the form of a promissory note secured by the IP and scheduled to be repaid by MarTek in


	two


	 equal tranches on the first and second anniversary of the settlement. We recognized a net gain of approximately


	$1.0 million


	 (which was classified in our Consolidated Statement of Operations under Other Income, net) from the agreement proceeds of


	$1.2 million


	 received on July 17, 2015.









	Other Litigation









	In August 2013, a former employee filed a class action lawsuit against the Company in the Superior Court of California, alleging violations of California’s wage and hour laws and unfair business practices on behalf of himself and all other similarly situated current and former employees at the Company’s Livermore facilities from August 21, 2009, to the present. On January 4, 2016, the court certified the plaintiff class. The lawsuit is currently proceeding to notice to class members and merits discovery. The Company denies the allegations contained in the lawsuit, and, based on available information, believes it has significant defenses to the allegations of the lawsuit. The Company currently believes that any settlement reached would be an amount that is not material to the Company's financial statements. If the matter is not settled, the Company could incur material attorneys’ fees in defending the lawsuit.











	75










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	 Note 10—Stockholders' Equity




	Preferred Stock




	We have authorized


	10,000,000


	 shares of undesignated preferred stock,


	$0.001


	 par value, none of which is issued and outstanding. Our Board of Directors shall determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock, including dividends rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences, sinking fund terms and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of any series.




	Common Stock




	Each share of common stock has the right to one vote. The holders of common stock are also entitled to receive dividends whenever funds are legally available and when declared by the Board of Directors, subject to the prior rights of holders of all classes of stock outstanding having priority rights as to dividends. No dividends have been declared or paid as of


	December 26, 2015


	.




	Common Stock Repurchase Program




	On April 16, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to


	$25.0 million


	 of outstanding common stock. Under the authorized stock repurchase program, we may repurchase shares from time-to-time on the open market. The pace of repurchase activity will depend on levels of cash generation, current stock price and other factors. The stock repurchase program was announced on April 16, 2015 and expires on April 15, 2016. The program may be modified or discontinued at any time. During fiscal


	2015


	, under this repurchase authorization, we repurchased and retired


	1,013,162


	 shares of common stock for approximately


	$8.2 million


	.









	Repurchased shares are retired upon the settlement of the related trade transactions. Our policy related to repurchases of our common stock is to charge the excess of cost over par value to additional paid-in capital. All repurchases were made in compliance with Rule 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.




	Equity Incentive Plan




	We currently grant equity-based awards under our Equity Incentive Plan (the "2012 Plan") which was approved by our stockholders at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders on April 18, 2012. On May 1, 2015, at our Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our stockholders further approved the amended and restated 2012 Plan which increased the maximum number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance by an additional


	4.5 million


	 shares and prohibited the cashing out of stock appreciation rights. Refer to the 2015 Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 19, 2015 for further details.









	Restricted stock and restricted stock units granted under the 2012 Plan will generally vest over four years in annual tranches though we also have granted and will continue to grant such awards over a shorter vest term for employee retention purposes. Additionally, restricted shares reduce the shares available for issuance at


	1.70


	 shares for every one share issued.









	The 2012 Plan also provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options and stock appreciation rights. The incentive stock options may be granted to our employees and the nonqualified stock options, and all awards other than incentive stock options may be granted to employees, directors and consultants. The exercise price of incentive stock options must be at least equal to the fair market value of common stock on the date of grant. All options granted under the 2012 Plan will generally vest over


	four


	 years and have a term of


	ten


	 years, unless otherwise determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Stock appreciation rights granted under the 2012 Plan will generally vest over


	four


	 years in annual tranches. We have not granted any incentive stock options or stock appreciation rights during fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	.




	At


	December 26, 2015


	, there were


	5.8 million


	 shares available for grant under the 2012 Plan.






	76












	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	 Stock Options




	Stock option activity is set forth below:









































	 






	Outstanding Options






	 






	 








	 






	Number of

	Shares






	 






	Weighted

	Average

	Exercise Price






	 






	Weighted

	Average

	Remaining

	Contractual

	Life in Years






	 






	Aggregate

	Intrinsic

	Value








	Outstanding at December 27, 2014






	2,571,376













	 






	10.72













	 






	 






	 






	 















	Options granted






	456,000













	 






	8.42













	 






	 






	 






	 















	Options exercised






	(24,607






	)






	 






	8.61













	 






	 






	 






	 















	Options canceled






	(682,574






	)






	 






	13.75













	 






	 






	 






	 















	Outstanding at December 26, 2015






	2,320,195













	 






	$






	9.40













	 






	2.70






	 






	$






	1,146,680















	Vested and expected to vest at December 26, 2015






	2,320,195













	 






	$






	9.40













	 






	2.70






	 






	$






	1,146,680















	Exercisable at December 26, 2015






	1,864,861













	 






	$






	9.64













	 






	1.86






	 






	$






	833,552






















	On February 9, 2015, we granted


	450,000


	 stock options to our Chief Executive Officer with a grant-date fair value of approximately


	$1.7 million


	 which will be recognized as stock compensation expense ratably over the service period. The following weighted average assumptions were used in the estimated grant-date fair value calculations using the Black-Scholes option pricing model:





















	Stock Options:






	 










	Dividend yield






	—






	%








	Expected volatility






	47.5






	%








	Risk-free interest rate






	1.6






	%








	Expected term (in years)






	5.5



















	Restricted Stock Units




	Restricted stock units are converted into shares of our common stock upon vesting on a one-for-one basis. The vesting of restricted stock units is subject to the employee's continuing service to us. Restricted stock unit activity is set forth below:





























	 






	Number of

	Shares






	 






	Weighted

	Average Grant

	Date Fair Value








	Restricted stock units at December 29, 2012






	2,228,946













	 






	$






	7.66















	Granted






	1,708,000













	 






	5.04















	Vested






	(760,590






	)






	 






	8.44















	Canceled






	(246,717






	)






	 






	8.18















	Restricted stock units at December 28, 2013






	2,929,639













	 






	5.88















	Granted






	1,900,000













	 






	6.52















	Vested






	(1,282,442






	)






	 






	6.30















	Canceled






	(297,151






	)






	 






	6.17















	Restricted stock units at December 27, 2014






	3,250,046













	 






	6.07















	Granted






	1,540,250













	 






	8.64















	Vested






	(1,993,603






	)






	 






	6.00















	Canceled






	(218,555






	)






	 






	6.36















	Restricted stock units at December 26, 2015






	2,578,138













	 






	$






	7.63
























	77










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	On May 28, 2015, we issued


	195,000


	 RSUs to


	seven


	 senior executives of our company that will vest based on certain market performance criteria. The performance criteria are based on a metric called our Total Shareholder Return (TSR) for the period from April 1, 2015 to March 31, 2017 relative to the TSR of the companies identified as being part of the S&P Semiconductor Select Industry Index (FormFactor peer companies), as of April 1, 2015. The total stock-based compensation cost of approximately


	$1.5 million


	 will be recognized ratably over the requisite service period.









	On May 5, 2014, we issued


	350,000


	 RSUs to


	seven


	 senior executives of our company that will vest based on certain market performance criteria. The performance criteria are based on our TSR for the period from April 1, 2014 to March 31, 2016 relative to the TSR of the companies identified as being part of the S&P Semiconductor Select Industry Index (FormFactor peer companies), as of April 1, 2014. The total stock-based compensation cost of approximately


	$1.8 million


	 will be recognized ratably over the requisite service period.









	On May 6, 2013, we issued


	355,000


	 RSUs to


	seven


	 senior executives and one non-executive of our company that would vest based on certain market performance criteria. The performance criteria were based on our TSR for the period from April 1, 2013 to March 31, 2015 relative to the TSR of the companies identified as being part of the S&P Semiconductor Select Industry Index (FormFactor peer companies), as of April 1, 2013. On April 8, 2015, upon the review of the market performance criteria, our Compensation Committee certified a total earn out of


	443,750


	 RSUs which immediately vested as of that date.




	The total fair value of restricted stock units vested during fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	 was


	$18.1 million


	,


	$8.2 million


	 and


	$3.9 million


	, respectively.




	Employee Stock Purchase Plan




	Under the 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP"), the offering periods are 12 months commencing on February 1 of each calendar year and ending on January 31 of the subsequent calendar year, and a six month fixed offering period commencing on August 1 of each calendar year and ending on January 31 of the subsequent calendar year. The 12 month offering period consists of two six-month purchase periods and the six month offering period consists of one six month purchase period. The price of the common stock purchased is


	85%


	 of the lesser of the fair market value of the common stock on the first day of the applicable offering period or the last day of each purchase period.




	During fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	, and


	2013


	, employees purchased


	565,493


	 shares,


	586,386


	 shares and


	583,173


	 shares under this program at a weighted average exercise price of


	$5.67


	,


	$4.80


	 and


	$4.29


	, respectively.






	Note 11—Stock-Based Compensation




	We account for all stock-based compensation to employees and directors, including grants of restricted stock units and stock options, as stock-based compensation costs in the Consolidated Financial Statements based on the fair value measured as of the date of grant. These costs are recognized as an expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations over the requisite service period and increase additional paid-in capital.




	The table below shows the stock-based compensation expense included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations (in thousands):









































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26,

	2015






	 






	December 27,

	2014






	 






	December 28,

	2013








	Stock-based compensation expense included in:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Cost of revenues






	$






	2,651













	 






	$






	2,433













	 






	$






	2,436















	Research and development






	3,490













	 






	3,529













	 






	3,440















	Selling, general and administrative






	5,434













	 






	7,317













	 






	6,248















	Total stock-based compensation






	11,575













	 






	13,279













	 






	12,124















	Tax effect on stock-based compensation






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—















	Total stock-based compensation, net of tax






	$






	11,575













	 






	$






	13,279













	 






	$






	12,124






















	During fiscal


	2015


	, we recorded stock-based compensation expense of approximately


	$0.5 million


	 relating to a full-time employee who was impacted by our restructuring activities. Hence, we classified this stock-based compensation expense as a






	78








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	restructuring expense. The table above does not include this expense. Refer to Note 4 to Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -


	Restructuring Charges


	 for further details.




	Restricted Stock Units




	The fair value of restricted stock units is determined using the market closing price of our common stock on the grant date and compensation cost is recognized over the vesting period on a straight line basis. The restricted stock units generally vest over four years though we also have granted and will continue to grant such awards over a shorter vest term for employee retention purposes.




	During fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	, we granted


	1,540,250


	 shares,


	1,900,000


	 shares and


	1,708,000


	 shares of restricted stock units with the weighted average grant-date fair values of


	$8.64


	,


	$6.52


	 and


	$5.04


	 per share, respectively. As of


	December 26, 2015


	, the unamortized stock-based compensation balance related to restricted stock units was


	$11.8 million


	 after estimated forfeitures, which will be recognized over an estimated period of


	2.03 years


	 based on the weighted average days to vest.




	Stock Options




	The exercise price of each stock option equals the market price of our stock on the date of grant. Most options are scheduled to vest over


	three


	 to


	four


	 years and expire


	five


	 to


	ten


	 years from the grant date. The fair value of each option grant is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. In addition, we estimate forfeitures when recognizing compensation expense, and adjust our estimates of forfeitures over the requisite service period based on the extent to which actual forfeitures differ, or are expected to differ, from such estimates. Changes in estimated forfeitures are recognized as a change in estimate in the period of change and will also impact the amount of compensation expense to be recognized in future periods.




	The following weighted-average assumptions were used in the estimated grant-date fair value calculations for stock options granted in fiscal


	2015


	. There were


	no


	 options granted in fiscal


	2014


	 and


	2013


	.























	Stock Options:






	 








	Dividend yield






	—






	%








	Expected volatility






	47.5






	%








	Risk-free interest rate






	1.6






	%








	Expected life (in years)






	5.5

















	During fiscal


	2015


	, we granted


	456,000


	 stock options under our approved plans with a weighted average grant-date fair value of


	$3.78


	 per share. Our computation of expected volatility was based on a combination of historical and market-based implied volatility from traded options on our common stock. We believe that including market-based implied volatility in the calculation of expected volatility results in a more accurate measure of the volatility expected in future periods. Risk-free interest rates are yields for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes maturing approximately at the end of the expected option life. We determine the expected term by considering several factors, including historical option exercise behavior, post vesting turnover rates, contractual terms and vesting periods of the options granted.




	As of


	December 26, 2015


	, the unamortized stock-based compensation balance related to stock options was


	$1.3 million


	 after estimated forfeitures, which will be recognized over an estimated period of


	3.1 years


	 based on the weighted average days to vest.




	Employee Stock Purchase Plan




	During fiscal


	2015


	, we issued


	565,493


	 shares under our approved employee stock purchase plans. As of


	December 26, 2015


	, we had


	$0.1 million


	 of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, which will be recognized over the weighted average period of approximately


	one


	 month. Compensation expense is calculated using the fair value of the employees' purchase rights under the Black-Scholes model.






	79










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	The following assumptions were used in estimating the fair value of employees' purchase rights under the approved employee stock purchase plans:

































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	Employee Stock Purchase Plan:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Dividend yield






	—






	%






	 






	—






	%






	 






	—






	%








	Expected volatility






	51.78






	%






	 






	41.71






	%






	 






	39.80






	%








	Risk-free interest rate






	0.12






	%






	 






	0.09






	%






	 






	0.13






	%








	Expected life (in years)






	0.7













	 






	0.7













	 






	0.7































	Note


	 12—Income Taxes









	The components of loss before income taxes were as follows (in thousands):







































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	United States






	$






	(3,069






	)






	 






	$






	(23,230






	)






	 






	$






	(60,447






	)








	Foreign






	1,798













	 






	3,135













	 






	2,665















	 






	$






	(1,271






	)






	 






	$






	(20,095






	)






	 






	$






	(57,782






	)















	The components of the provision for income taxes are as follows (in thousands):









































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	Current provision (benefit):






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Federal






	$






	(3






	)






	 






	$






	(983






	)






	 






	$






	(770






	)








	State






	72













	 






	(386






	)






	 






	76















	Foreign






	198













	 






	234













	 






	287















	 






	267













	 






	(1,135






	)






	 






	(407






	)








	Deferred provision (benefit):






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Federal






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—















	State






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—















	Foreign






	(15






	)






	 






	225













	 






	308















	 






	(15






	)






	 






	225













	 






	308















	Total provision (benefit) from income taxes






	$






	252













	 






	$






	(910






	)






	 






	$






	(99






	)

















	80










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)













	The following is a reconciliation of the difference between income taxes computed by applying the federal statutory rate of


	35%


	 and the provision (benefit) from income taxes for fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	 (in thousands):







































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	U.S. statutory federal tax rate






	$






	(445






	)






	 






	$






	(7,033






	)






	 






	$






	(20,224






	)








	State taxes and credits, net of Federal benefit






	17













	 






	(186






	)






	 






	(345






	)








	Amortization of stock-based compensation






	907













	 






	686













	 






	923















	Research and development credits






	(1,872






	)






	 






	(1,183






	)






	 






	(560






	)








	Foreign taxes at rates different than the U.S. 






	(66






	)






	 






	(84






	)






	 






	162















	Other permanent differences






	238













	 






	(972






	)






	 






	(378






	)








	Change in valuation allowance






	1,457













	 






	7,886













	 






	20,505















	Other






	16













	 






	(24






	)






	 






	(182






	)








	Total






	$






	252













	 






	$






	(910






	)






	 






	$






	(99






	)















	Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to be reversed. Significant deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following (in thousands):






































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	Tax credits






	$






	30,968













	 






	$






	28,458















	Inventory reserve






	14,010













	 






	16,612















	Unrealized investment gains






	20













	 






	—















	Other reserves and accruals






	5,953













	 






	7,610















	Non-statutory stock options






	4,936













	 






	18,096















	Depreciation and amortization






	13,440













	 






	14,037















	Net operating loss carryforwards






	119,327













	 






	120,110















	Gross deferred tax assets






	188,654













	 






	204,923















	Valuation allowance






	(176,196






	)






	 






	(187,759






	)








	Total deferred tax assets






	12,458













	 






	17,164















	Acquired intangibles & fixed assets






	(9,177






	)






	 






	(13,867






	)








	Unrealized investment gains






	—













	 






	(3






	)








	Total deferred tax liabilities






	(9,177






	)






	 






	(13,870






	)








	Net deferred tax assets






	$






	3,281













	 






	$






	3,294

















	We are required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets in both our U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions on an ongoing basis to determine whether there is a need for a valuation allowance with respect to such deferred tax assets. During fiscal


	2015


	 and


	2014


	, we maintained a valuation allowance against our U.S. deferred tax assets. We intend to maintain a valuation allowance until sufficient positive evidence exists to support the realization of such deferred tax assets.











	81










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	The valuation allowance against deferred tax assets consisted of the following activity for the fiscal years


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	 (in thousands):

















































	Description






	 






	Balance at

	Beginning

	of Year






	 






	Additions






	 






	Reduction






	 






	Balance at

	End of

	Year








	Allowance against deferred tax assets






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Year ended December 31, 2015






	 






	$






	187,759













	 






	$






	—













	 






	$






	(11,563






	)






	 






	$






	176,196















	Year ended December 31, 2014






	 






	180,913













	 






	6,846













	 






	—













	 






	187,759















	Year ended December 31, 2013






	 






	$






	163,265













	 






	$






	17,648













	 






	$






	—













	 






	$






	180,913






















	At


	December 26, 2015


	, we had Federal research and development tax credit, net operating loss, and foreign tax credit carryforwards of


	$21.0 million


	,


	$298.7 million


	 and


	$2.0 million


	, respectively, which will expire at various dates from


	2016


	 through


	2035


	. We had alternative minimum tax credits of


	$2.4 million


	 which do not expire. We had California research credit and net operating loss carryforwards of


	$28.4 million


	 and


	$270.7 million


	, respectively. The California research credit can be carried forward indefinitely while California net operating loss carryforwards will expire at various dates from


	2016


	 through


	2035


	. We had Japan and Singapore net operating loss carryforwards of approximately


	$0.3 million


	 and


	$10.0 million


	, respectively. Japan net operating loss carryforwards will expire in


	2022


	 while Singapore net operating loss carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely.









	We have not provided U.S. Federal and State income taxes, nor foreign withholding taxes, on approximately


	$5.4 million


	 of undistributed earnings for certain non-US subsidiaries, because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested. If these earnings were distributed to the U.S. in the form of dividends or otherwise, or if the shares of the relevant foreign subsidiaries were sold or otherwise transferred, we would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and foreign withholding taxes, of approximately


	$0.4 million


	. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability for temporary differences related to investment in these non-U.S. subsidiaries that are essentially permanent in duration is not practicable.









	During fiscal 2015, there is


	$6.3 million


	 tax benefit associated with the exercise of employee stock options and other employee stock programs. During fiscal


	2014


	 and


	2013


	, there were no tax benefits associated with the exercise of employee stock options and other employee stock programs.




	The following table reflects changes in the unrecognized tax benefits (in thousands):









































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	Unrecognized tax benefit beginning balance






	$






	16,333













	 






	$






	16,972













	 






	$






	17,181















	Additions based on tax positions related to the current year






	667













	 






	498













	 






	307















	Additions based on tax position from prior year






	163













	 






	324













	 






	—















	Reductions for tax positions of prior years






	(18






	)






	 






	(1,109






	)






	 






	(60






	)








	Reductions to unrecognized tax benefits due to lapse of the applicable statute of limitations






	(112






	)






	 






	(352






	)






	 






	(456






	)








	Unrecognized tax benefit ending balance






	$






	17,033













	 






	$






	16,333













	 






	$






	16,972

















	At


	December 26, 2015


	, we had total tax-effected unrecognized tax benefits of


	$17.0 million


	 of which


	$1.1 million


	, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate.




	We recognize interest (benefit) charges and penalties related to uncertain tax positions as part of the income tax provision. We recognized interest (benefit) charges and penalties of


	$50 thousand


	,


	$(0.1) million


	 and


	$(0.2) million


	 in fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	, and


	2013


	, respectively. As of


	December 26, 2015


	 and


	December 27, 2014


	, we have accrued total interest charges and penalties of


	$0.2 million


	 and


	$0.1 million


	, respectively, related to uncertain tax positions.




	The amount of income taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits by Federal, State and foreign tax authorities which might result in proposed assessments. Our estimate for the potential outcome for any uncertain tax issue is judgmental in nature. However, we believe we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to those matters. Our future results may include favorable or unfavorable adjustments to our estimated tax liabilities in the period the assessments are






	82








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	made or resolved or when statutes of limitation on potential assessments expire. As of


	December 26, 2015


	 changes to our uncertain tax positions in the next


	12


	 months that are reasonably possible are not expected to have a significant impact on our financial position or results of operations.




	We and our subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. Federal jurisdiction, various states and non U.S jurisdictions. The material income tax jurisdictions are the United States (Federal), California, Singapore, China and Japan. The audit of income tax returns for Federal and California for the tax years 2010 to 2012 stub period and 2010 to 2011, respectively, have been settled. However, as a result of net operating loss carryforwards, we are subject to audit for tax years 2007 and forward for Federal purposes and 2008 and forward for California purposes. For Singapore, China and Japan purposes, we are subject to audit for tax years after 2011.   









	On December 18, 2015, Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (PATH Act) was signed into law, which retroactively reinstated and made permanent the federal research tax credit provisions from January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015. Since the Company has a full valuation allowance in the U.S., there is no income tax benefit recognized for federal research and development tax credit.











	Note 13—Employee Benefit Plans




	We have an employee savings plan that qualifies as a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. We match up to


	50%


	 of an eligible employee's contributions to a maximum of the first


	1.5%


	 of the eligible employee's contributions through a fiscal year. We also provide a tax-qualified profit sharing retirement plan for the benefit of eligible employees in the U.S. The plan is designed to provide employees with an accumulation of funds for retirement on a tax-deferred basis and provide for annual discretionary employer contributions. The total charge to operations under the 401(k) and the profit sharing retirement plans for fiscal


	2015


	,


	2014


	 and


	2013


	 aggregated


	$1.1 million


	,


	$1.0 million


	 and


	$1.0 million


	, respectively.






	Note 14—Operating Segments and Geographic Information




	Since our acquisition of MicroProbe in Fiscal 2012, we had historically operated in


	one


	 reportable segment consisting of


	two


	 operating segments related to our FormFactor and MicroProbe product groups. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we determined that we now operate in


	one


	 reportable segment consisting of


	one


	 operating segment relating to the design, development, manufacture and sale of high performance advanced probe cards as a result of the successful integration of the MicroProbe business into our overall consolidated operations. Our chief operating decision maker is the Chief Executive Officer, who reviews operating results to make decisions about allocating resources and assessing performance for the entire company.




	The following table summarizes revenue by country as a percentage of total revenues based upon ship-to location:



































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	South Korea






	25.2






	%






	 






	19.6






	%






	 






	19.8






	%








	North America






	23.4













	 






	28.1













	 






	27.2















	Taiwan






	21.9













	 






	18.4













	 






	27.9















	Asia-Pacific (1)






	11.1













	 






	12.9













	 






	9.2















	Japan






	9.4













	 






	9.6













	 






	7.3















	Europe






	9.0













	 






	11.4













	 






	8.6















	Total Revenues






	100.0






	%






	 






	100.0






	%






	 






	100.0






	%















	(1) Asia-Pacific includes all countries in the region except Taiwan, Japan and South Korea, which are disclosed separately.






	83










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	The following table summarizes revenue by product group (in thousands):







































	 






	Fiscal Years Ended








	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014






	 






	December 28, 2013








	SoC






	$






	145,839













	 






	$






	142,360













	 






	$






	115,597















	DRAM






	125,512













	 






	110,800













	 






	92,603















	Flash






	11,007













	 






	15,370













	 






	23,333















	Total revenues






	$






	282,358













	 






	$






	268,530













	 






	$






	231,533

















	Long-lived assets, comprising of net property, plant and equipment, goodwill and net intangibles assets are reported based on the location of the asset. Long-lived assets by geographic location are as follows (in thousands):

































	 






	December 26, 2015






	 






	December 27, 2014








	North America






	$






	77,257













	 






	$






	91,862















	South Korea






	1,128













	 






	1,578















	Asia-Pacific (1)






	689













	 






	935















	Japan






	295













	 






	358















	Singapore






	112













	 






	172















	Europe






	655













	 






	13















	Total






	$






	80,136













	 






	$






	94,918































	(1)






	Asia-Pacific includes all countries in the region except South Korea, Singapore, and Japan, which are disclosed separately.







	The following customers represented greater than


	10%


	 of our revenues in fiscal


	2015


	, fiscal


	2014


	 and fiscal


	2013


	:



































	 






	Fiscal 2015






	 






	Fiscal 2014






	 






	Fiscal 2013








	Intel






	19.6






	%






	 






	19.7






	%






	 






	17.7






	%








	Samsung






	14.6













	 






	*













	 






	*















	SK hynix






	14.3













	 






	16.9













	 






	16.5















	Micron






	11.7













	 






	15.0













	 






	11.7















	Total






	60.2






	%






	 






	51.6






	%






	 






	45.9






	%










	* Less than 10% of revenues






	Note 15—Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)




	The following selected quarterly financial data should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and "Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." This information has been derived from our unaudited consolidated financial statements that, in our opinion, reflect all recurring adjustments necessary to fairly present this information when read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing in the section entitled "Consolidated Financial Statements." The results of operations for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any future period.






	84










	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)



















































































	 






	Fiscal Quarters Ended








	 






	Dec. 26,

	2015






	 






	Sep. 26,

	2015 (2)






	 






	June. 27, 2015






	 






	March 28,

	2015 (1)






	 






	Dec. 27,

	2014






	 






	Sep. 27,

	2014






	 






	June. 28,

	2014






	 






	March 29,

	2014








	 






	(in thousands, except per share data)








	Revenues






	$






	71,782













	 






	$






	65,862













	 






	$






	73,885













	 






	$






	70,829













	 






	$






	71,285













	 






	$






	73,934













	 






	$






	67,352













	 






	$






	55,959















	Cost of revenues






	50,591













	 






	47,407













	 






	50,582













	 






	48,040













	 






	50,337













	 






	49,792













	 






	47,328













	 






	43,634















	Gross profit






	21,191













	 






	18,455













	 






	23,303













	 






	22,789













	 






	20,948













	 






	24,142













	 






	20,024













	 






	12,325















	Operating Expenses:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Research and development






	11,236













	 






	10,645













	 






	11,217













	 






	11,086













	 






	10,706













	 






	11,198













	 






	11,074













	 






	9,747















	Selling, general and administrative






	10,719













	 






	11,108













	 






	11,381













	 






	11,882













	 






	12,631













	 






	13,309













	 






	13,191













	 






	12,254















	Restructuring charges, net






	(3






	)






	 






	59













	 






	—













	 






	503













	 






	584













	 






	28













	 






	59













	 






	1,997















	Impairment of long-lived assets






	—













	 






	—













	 






	8













	 






	—













	 






	390













	 






	86













	 






	—













	 






	743















	Total operating expenses






	21,952













	 






	21,812













	 






	22,606













	 






	23,471




















	24,311













	 






	24,621













	 






	24,324













	 






	24,741















	Operating income (loss)






	(761






	)






	 






	(3,357






	)






	 






	697













	 






	(682






	)






	 






	(3,363






	)






	 






	(479






	)






	 






	(4,300






	)






	 






	(12,416






	)








	Interest income, net






	70













	 






	65













	 






	65













	 






	85













	 






	69













	 






	75













	 






	79













	 






	79















	Other income (expense), net






	(36






	)






	 






	982













	 






	100













	 






	1,501













	 






	155













	 






	228













	 






	(156






	)






	 






	(66






	)








	Income (loss) before income taxes






	(727






	)






	 






	(2,310






	)






	 






	862













	 






	904













	 






	(3,139






	)






	 






	(176






	)






	 






	(4,377






	)






	 






	(12,403






	)








	Provision (benefit) for income taxes






	(108






	)






	 






	215













	 






	24













	 






	121













	 






	(1,268






	)






	 






	101













	 






	(51






	)






	 






	308















	Net income (loss)






	$






	(619






	)






	 






	$






	(2,525






	)






	 






	$






	838













	 






	$






	783













	 






	$






	(1,871






	)






	 






	$






	(277






	)






	 






	$






	(4,326






	)






	 






	$






	(12,711






	)








	Net income (loss) per share:






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Basic






	$






	(0.01






	)






	 






	$






	(0.04






	)






	 






	$






	0.01













	 






	$






	0.01













	 






	$






	(0.03






	)






	 






	$






	0.00













	 






	$






	(0.08






	)






	 






	$






	(0.23






	)








	Diluted






	$






	(0.01






	)






	 






	$






	(0.04






	)






	 






	$






	0.01













	 






	$






	0.01













	 






	$






	(0.03






	)






	 






	$






	0.00













	 






	$






	(0.08






	)






	 






	$






	(0.23






	)








	Weighted average number of shares used in per share calculations:






	 













	 






	 













	 






	 













	 






	 













	 






	 













	 






	 













	 






	 













	 






	 















	Basic






	58,128













	 






	58,209













	 






	58,109













	 






	56,594













	 






	56,472













	 






	56,297













	 






	55,812













	 






	55,050















	Diluted






	58,128













	 






	58,209













	 






	59,094













	 






	58,838













	 






	56,472













	 






	56,297













	 






	55,812













	 






	55,050































	(1)






	In the first quarter of fiscal 2015, we recorded a


	$1.5 million


	 gain from a business interruption insurance claim relating to a factory fire at a customer. See Note 16,


	Business Interruption Insurance Claim Recovery


	, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.
















	(2)






	In the third quarter of fiscal 2015, we recorded a


	$1.0 million


	 net gain from the sale of intellectual property. See Note 9,


	Commitments and contingencies


	, to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details.














	Note 16—Business Interruption Insurance Claim Recovery









	During fiscal 2015, we received approximately


	$1.5 million


	 as a result of a payment from our insurer arising from a business interruption insurance claim related to a factory fire at a customer during the second half of fiscal 2013. We recorded this cash receipt within “Other income, net” in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.


















	Note 17—Subsequent Events




	Cascade Microtech Acquisition




	On February 3, 2016, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger under which we agreed to acquire Cascade Microtech through the merger of a wholly owned subsidiary with and into Cascade Microtech. Subject to the terms of the merger agreement, at the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of Cascade Microtech common stock will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive (a)


	$16.00


	 in cash, without interest, and (b)


	0.6534


	 shares of FormFactor common stock. Cascade Microtech is an Oregon corporation that designs, develops, manufactures and markets advanced wafer probing, thermal and reliability solutions for the electrical measurement and testing of high performance semiconductor devices.









	Subject to the terms of the merger agreement, at the effective time of the merger all of the outstanding and vested equity awards of Cascade Microtech will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash in respect of the merger consideration the shares of Cascade Microtech common stock underlying the awards would have received, and all of






	85








	FORMFACTOR, INC.




	NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)








	the outstanding and unvested equity awards of Cascade Microtech will be assumed on substantially the same terms, except that the number of shares of our common stock that will underlie the assumed award and the exercise price of any assumed option will be determined pursuant to a formula intended to preserve the intrinsic value of the original award.









	Completion of the merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by Cascade Microtech’s shareholders and expiration of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, among others, and therefore has not been reflected in the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. There is no financing condition to our obligations under the merger agreement. We expect the merger to be completed in mid-2016.









	To finance a portion of the consideration for the proposed merger, we entered into a commitment letter with certain lenders to provide a senior secured term loan facility in an aggregate amount of


	$150 million


	. The funding of the term loan facility is subject to certain conditions, including the execution of definitive financing documentation, the consummation of the merger in accordance with the merger agreement, the absence of a Company Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the merger agreement), a minimum liquidity condition and other customary closing conditions.









	The above description of the merger agreement and the proposed merger is a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement included as Exhibit 2.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 9, 2016.











	86





















	INDEX TO EXHIBITS




	Set forth below is a list of exhibits that are being filed or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form10-K:





















































	 






	 






	 






	 






	Incorporated by Reference






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Exhibit

	Number






	 






	Exhibit Description






	 






	Form






	 






	File No






	 






	Date of

	First Filing






	 






	Exhibit

	Number






	 






	Filed

	Herewith








	2.01***













	 






	Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of August 31, 2012 among Astria Semiconductor Holdings, Inc., the Registrant, ELM Acquisition, Inc. and Fortis Advisors LLC, as Equityholder Representative






	 






	10-Q/A






	 






	000-50307






	 






	1/23/2013













	 






	33.01













	 






	 








	3.01













	 






	Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant as filed with the Delaware Secretary of State on June 17, 2003






	 






	S-1






	 






	333-109815






	 






	10/20/2003













	 






	3.01













	 






	 








	3.02













	 






	Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant






	 






	8-K






	 






	000-50307






	 






	5/25/2005













	 






	3.02













	 






	 








	4.01













	 






	Specimen Common Stock Certificate






	 






	S-1/A






	 






	333-86738






	 






	5/28/2002













	 






	4.01













	 






	 








	10.01+













	 






	Form of Indemnity Agreement






	 






	S-1/A






	 






	333-86738






	 






	5/28/2002













	 






	10.01













	 






	 








	10.02+













	 






	Form of Change of Control Severance Agreement






	 






	10-K






	 






	000-50307






	 






	3/14/2005













	 






	10.48













	 






	 








	10.03+













	 






	1996 Stock Option Plan, and form of option grant






	 






	S-1






	 






	333-86738






	 






	4/22/2002













	 






	10.03













	 






	 








	10.04+













	 






	Incentive Option Plan, and form of option grant






	 






	S-1






	 






	333-86738






	 






	4/22/2002













	 






	10.04













	 






	 








	10.05+













	 






	Management Incentive Option Plan, and form of option grant






	 






	S-1






	 






	333-86738






	 






	4/22/2002













	 






	10.05













	 






	 








	10.06+













	 






	2002 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and forms of plan agreements






	 






	10-Q






	 






	000-50307






	 






	5/4/2011













	 






	10.06













	 






	 








	10.07+













	 






	2002 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended






	 






	10-Q






	 






	000-50307






	 






	8/7/2007













	 






	10.01













	 






	 








	10.08+













	 






	Key Employee Bonus Plan, as amended






	 






	10-Q






	 






	000-50307






	 






	5/7/2007













	 






	10.01













	 






	 








	10.09+













	 






	Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective April 18, 2012, and forms of plan agreements






	 






	10-K






	 






	000-50307






	 






	3/13/2013













	 






	10.09













	 






	 








	10.10+













	 






	Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated April 18, 2012






	 






	10-K






	 






	000-50307






	 






	3/13/2013













	 






	10.1













	 






	 








	10.11













	 






	Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville Holding Company LLC (successor to Greenville Investors, L.P.) ("Greenville") and the Registrant dated May 3, 2001






	 






	S-1/A






	 






	333-86738






	 






	6/10/2003













	 






	10.18













	 






	 








	10.12













	 






	First Amendment to Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated January 31, 2003






	 






	S-1/A






	 






	333-86738






	 






	5/7/2003













	 






	10.18.1













	 






	 








	10.13













	 






	Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated May 3, 2001






	 






	S-1/A






	 






	333-86738






	 






	6/10/2003













	 






	10.19













	 






	 








	10.14













	 






	First Amendment to Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated January 31, 2003






	 






	S-1/A






	 






	333-86738






	 






	5/7/2003













	 






	10.19.1













	 






	 








	10.15













	 






	Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated May 3, 2001






	 






	S-1/A






	 






	333-86738






	 






	6/10/2003













	 






	10.2













	 






	 








	10.16+













	 






	First Amendment to Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated January 31, 2003






	 






	S-1/A






	 






	333-86738






	 






	5/7/2003













	 






	10.20.1













	 






	 








	10.17+













	 






	Pacific Corporate Center Lease by and between Greenville and the Registrant dated September 7, 2004, as amended by First Amendment to Building 6 Lease dated August 16, 2006






	 






	10-Q






	 






	000-50307






	 






	11/7/2006













	 






	10.01













	 






	 








	10.18+













	 






	Employment Offer Letter, dated August 29, 2012 to Mike Slessor






	 






	10-K













	 






	000-50307













	 






	3/13/2013













	 






	10.19+













	 






	 








	10.19+













	 






	Tax withholding reimbursement letter between Mike Slessor and the Registrant dated December 30, 2013






	 






	10-K













	 






	000-50307













	 






	3/6/2015













	 






	10.2













	 






	 








	16.01













	 






	Letter of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated April 8, 2013






	 






	8-K













	 






	000-50307













	 






	4/8/2013













	 






	16.01













	 






	 








	21.01













	 






	List of Registrant's subsidiaries






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	23.01













	 






	Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - KPMG






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	24.01













	 






	Power of Attorney (included on the signature page of this Form 10-K)






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	31.01













	 






	Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	31.02













	 






	Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 15 U.S.C. Section 7241, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	32.01*













	 






	Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X

















	87
































































	 






	 






	 






	 






	Incorporated by Reference






	 






	 






	 






	 








	Exhibit




	Number






	 






	Exhibit Description






	 






	Form






	 






	File No






	 






	Date of




	First Filing






	 






	Exhibit




	Number






	 






	Filed




	Herewith








	101.INS**






	 






	XBRL Instance Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.SCH**






	 






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.CAL**






	 






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.DEF**






	 






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.LAB**






	 






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X








	101.PRE**






	 






	XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document






	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	—













	 






	X
























	*






	This exhibit shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings.
















	**






	Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise are not subject to liability.
















	***






	Confidential treatment has been requested for portions of this document. The schedules, exhibits, and annexes to this exhibit have been omitted in reliance Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K and will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request.
















	+






	Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.














	88
























	EXHIBIT 21.01




	LIST OF REGISTRANT'S SUBSIDIARIES





















	SUBSIDIARY NAME






	 






	JURISDICTION OF ORGANIZATION








	FormFactor Germany GmbH






	Germany








	FormFactor International, Inc.






	Delaware, United States








	FormFactor, KK






	Japan








	FormFactor Korea, Inc.






	South Korea








	FormFactor Singapore Pte. Ltd.






	Singapore








	Astria Semiconductor Holdings, Inc






	Delaware, United States








	Micro-Probe Incorporated






	California, United States








	Microprobe HongKong Limited






	Hong Kong








	Microprobe Technology (Suzhou) Limited






	People's Republic of China






































	EXHIBIT 23.01






	CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM














	The Board of Directors




	FormFactor, Inc.:









	We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-198760) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-195744, 333-106043, 333-115137, 333-125918, 333-139074, 333-148198, 333-149411, 333-157610, 333-165058, 333-172318, 333-179589, 333-181450, and 333-188363) of FormFactor, Inc. of our report dated March 4, 2016, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of FormFactor, Inc. as of December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 26, 2015, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 26, 2015, which report appears in the December 26, 2015 annual report on Form 10-K of FormFactor, Inc. for the year ended December 26, 2015.









	/s/ KPMG LLP




	Santa Clara, California




	March 4, 2016




































	EXHIBIT 31.01






	CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER




	PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 7241, AS




	ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES‑OXLEY ACT OF 2002




	I, Michael D. Slessor, certify that:













	1.






	I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of FormFactor, Inc.;
















	2.






	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
















	3.






	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
















	4.






	The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
















	(a)






	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
















	(b)






	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
















	(c)






	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
















	(d)






	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
















	5.






	The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
















	(a)






	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
















	(b)






	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.
























	Date:






	March 4, 2016






	/s/ MICHAEL D. SLESSOR








	 






	 






	Michael D. Slessor




	Chief Executive Officer




	(Principal Executive Officer and Director)







































	EXHIBIT 31.02






	CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER




	PURSUANT TO 15 U.S.C. SECTION 7241,




	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES‑OXLEY ACT OF 2002




	I, Michael M. Ludwig, certify that:













	1.






	I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of FormFactor, Inc.;
















	2.






	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
















	3.






	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
















	4.






	The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
















	(a)






	Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
















	(b)






	Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
















	(c)






	Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
















	(d)






	Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
















	5.






	The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
















	(a)






	All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
















	(b)






	Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.
























	Date:






	March 4, 2016






	/s/ MICHAEL M. LUDWIG








	 






	 






	Michael M. Ludwig




	Chief Financial Officer




	(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)







































	EXHIBIT 32.01






	CERTIFICATION OF




	CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER




	PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,




	AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES‑OXLEY ACT OF 2002




	In connection with the annual report on Annual Report on Form 10-K of FormFactor, Inc., a Delaware corporation, for the period ended


	December 26, 2015


	, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, each of the undersigned officers of FormFactor, Inc. certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes‑Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his respective knowledge:













	(1)






	the annual report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
















	(2)






	the information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of FormFactor, Inc. for the periods presented therein.





























	Date:






	March 4, 2016






	/s/ MICHAEL D. SLESSOR








	 






	 






	Michael D. Slessor




	Chief Executive Officer




	(Principal Executive Officer and Director)








	 






	 






	 








	Date:






	March 4, 2016






	/s/ MICHAEL M. LUDWIG








	 






	 






	Michael M. Ludwig




	Chief Financial Officer




	(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)





























 