







About | Gem

















































Skip to content




















The bleeding edge is knocking at our door, and we are working every day to answer it.
 
 
 












We want to empower the hearts and minds of capable innovators who are stuck with technology that can’t solve their problems. We see age-old problems in the world that can be solved in entirely new ways, and we feel compelled to do something about it.
 
We believe that blockchains will fundamentally transform how companies connect to solve industry-wide problems. This technology will establish levels of trust and transparency that will inspire new business models and services that mutually benefit individuals and institutions. We understand the challenges, but we see the potential for a smarter, freer world that we want to be a part of. 

 
 
 











	About Gem 



			Core Values     
 
 






Make it Happen

As individuals, our innate sense of agency means we never wait around for something to happen, but actively seek ways to contribute.

 
 
 




Do the Essential

We have the discipline for discerning what is most important, then eliminating everything that is not, so we can make the greatest possible contribution towards the things that really matter.

 
 
 






Empower Others

Our success depends on our ability to make others successful - both our partners and our teammates. When we empower the people around us, their contribution multiplies our efforts.

 
 
 




Destroy Your Masterpiece

We believe in complete dedication to our craft in everything we do at Gem, but we maintain the humility to destroy our masterpiece, and resign our need to be right, when superior solutions emerge.

 
 
 






Craft an Experience

We believe in the importance of a holistic experience, so everything we create must come from both a complete understanding of what our partners need and a vision for what will bring them delight.

 
 
 




Seek Knowledge

Nothing is more intrinsically rewarding than expanding our skillsets and knowledge. By engaging with people who look at the world in different ways, we are constantly challenged to learn from others, as well as share our own knowledge to help them grow.

 
 
 









 











	About Gem 



			Leadership     













Micah Winkelspecht

Founder, CEO














Micah Winkelspecht
Founder, CEO


Micah Winkelspecht is the CEO and Founder of Gem. Micah has been active in bitcoin since 2012. In the early days, Micah established an active Bitcoin community in Los Angeles and grew it to over 1,000 members. Micah is also a significant contributor to the blockchain developer community as the author of MoneyTree, a popular open-source library used to create blockchain wallets and the first Ruby implementation of a Bitcoin HD wallet. Prior to his contributions to blockchain technology, Micah spent 10+ years developing software for companies including AT&T Interactive, Guide Financial and Pose.  When it was founded, Gem offered security-as-a-service for developers building on top of Bitcoin. As blockchain technology popularized, Gem was increasingly approached by financial institutions to apply our security to other digital assets. We designed GemOS to expand security beyond digital assets, to apply it to identity, data, and logic frameworks that can be implemented on a blockchain. Today, Gem works with leaders in finance, healthcare, insurance and beyond.













Chitra Ragavan

Chief Communication Officer













Chitra Ragavan
Chief Communication Officer


Chitra Ragavan is the Chief Communications Officer at Gem. She works closely with the CEO and with Gem’s teams to communicate Gem’s technology, product, brand, and culture to customers, press, and investors.

Prior to Gem, Chitra served for eight years as senior strategic advisor to the CEO of Palantir Technologies, the $20 billion dollar Silicon Valley unicorn. Chitra brought unique qualifications to her role as a strategic advisor: her wealth of long-term trusted relationships; the ability to wrestle complex issues to the ground; and a national reputation for integrity and excellence.

Prior to joining Palantir, Chitra was a nationally recognized reporter. Her credentials include: chief legal affairs correspondent, U.S. News & World Report, and correspondent, National Public Radio (NPR). Chitra has a Masters degree in journalism from the University of Georgia, and a Bachelors degree in biochemistry and biology from the University of Mumbai, India.

Chitra’s Road to Gem:
University of Mumbai –> University of Georgia –>  WTTW-Chicago –> NPR –> U.S.News & World Report–> Palantir–> Gem













Siva Kannan

VP, Engineering













Siva Kannan
VP, Engineering


Born in Hyderabad, India, Siva’s formative years with math and physics included solving logic problems with his mathematician grandfather, sticking a math instrument into an electric socket to discover what electricity felt like, and outrunning a cyclist crossing his path by calculating their mutual velocities. After graduating from the University of Madras, Siva worked at  Microsoft, Symantec, and myDevices. Siva thrives on running, skydiving, bungee jumping, and teaching driving to new Indian immigrants. The low point of that experience occurred on Seattle’s SR 520 Floating Bridge during a torrential downpour, when Siva realized that his panicked student driver suffered from aquaphobia. Siva joined Gem to combine his passions for building operating systems, securing operating systems and platforms, and creating IoT platforms.
Siva’s Road to Gem:
University of Madras –> Microsoft –> Symantec –> myDevices –> Gem














Jeff Shelton

VP, Product














Jeff Shelton
VP, Product


Jeff grew up on the sandy beaches of Maui where his family had been working in the sugar industry since the 40’s. An avid golfer and go to caddie for Michael Jordan and other celebrities in Maui, Jeff made a difficult move to Seattle, where he earned a dual degree in Creative Literature and Cinema Studies at the University of Washington. Jeff worked in every medium and genre, making music videos, producing documentaries, online content, and educational materials, as he wound his way from the Independent Feature Project in Seattle to Madonna’s Maverick Films, then Content House, Crash.tv, New York Times Baseline, and finally, Studymode. His body of creative, consumer, and enterprise focused work brought Jeff home to Gem. While not at work , Jeff is an active leader in the product community and currently sits on the board of directors for the Product Managers Association of Los Angeles.
Jeff’s Road to Gem:
Maui –> University of Washington –> IFP (Seattle) –> Maverick –> Content House –> Crash.tv –> New York Times Digital (Baseline) –> StudyMode –> Gem














Joshua Lederman

VP, Solutions














Joshua Lederman
VP, Solutions


Joshua grew up in Yardley Pennsylvania, north of Philadelphia, among five other siblings. He graduated from Pennsylvania State University with a degree in Geographic Information Sciences. Post college, Joshua pursued a career involving GIS  and civil service by joining the intelligence community. He came across Palantir Technologies in its early stages and decided to take on the risk and challenge of being part of building a nascent data intelligence platform.  Over the next five and a half years at Palantir, Joshua worked across industries ranging from DoD counterterrorism work, counterproliferation/export supply chains, cyber security, local law enforcement, and standing up a philanthropic project with the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. With his Palantir chapter closed, Joshua wanted to pursue his next endeavor with a company that really wanted to make a big impact in the way people interact. He found Gem.
Joshua’s road to Gem: 
Pennsylvania State University –>  Intelligence Community –> Intelligence Community Contractor –> Palantir –> Gem 














Emily Vaughn

Head of Acounts














Emily Vaughn
Head of Acounts


Emily grew up in South Mississippi, where she learned to sail and survive hurricanes, though thankfully not in the same day. She made a small but timely investment into bitcoin in 2012, a decision that prompted and financed an abrupt personal pivot that eventually landed her a career in the industry. Emily is a graduate of the University of Alabama, where she now supports student innovation as a founding chairperson to the Board of Advisors for the Office of Community Affairs. Emily travels constantly, a lifestyle that suits her nomadic nature, but when she dreams of peace, it’s on a quiet farm in Tennessee. She spends her time doodling, discovering new music, watching Vine compilations and Rihanna music videos. The opportunity to join Gem was nothing short of serendipitous. Emily didn’t think twice and hasn’t looked back.
Emily’s Road to Gem:
University of Alabama –>  CBD Wealth Management –> BitPay –> Gem









			Our Team     
 
 















Joseph Bradley

Business Development













Joseph Bradley
Business Development


Joseph was raised in Knoxville, TN on a cattle farm in the foothills of the Clinch Mountains, where he became interested in biology and physics through Odyssey of the Mind projects. He graduated with a degree in political science and international relations from the University of Tennessee in Knoxville, and spent two years at the University of Hawai’i at Manoa, where he served as apprentice to folk artist Ka’ili Chun. Joseph worked at the French building materials company, LaFarge, and then built and sold a small experiential advertising company. Joseph also has a MBA from the University of Southern California. He likes traveling, surfing and motorcycle camping with his wife, Martha. Joseph came to Gem because he missed the opportunity to build the internet the first time around and now has a fortuitous second crack.
Joseph’s Road to Gem: 
University of Hawaii –> University of Tennessee –> Lafarge Cement Company –> University of Southern California –> Gem













Prasanna Kumar Dhandapani

Full Stack Engineer













Prasanna Kumar Dhandapani
Full Stack Engineer


Prasanna was born in Coimbatore, India, where he earned his Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology. He came to the United States for a Masters degree in Computer Science at the University of Southern California. One of his university projects involved working with a horse racing enthusiast to predict the winner of a horse race with 50 percent accuracy, and creating better betting strategies to maximize the profit on any given day. After graduating, Prasanna worked at several companies to implement computer security standards and developing applications around it. In his free time, Prasanna enjoys playing pool and darts. 
Prasanna joined Gem to work on next generation technology with a passionate group of people. 
Prasanna’s Road to Gem:
PSG College Of Technology –> EMC Data Storage Systems –> University of Southern California –> Bitium –> Gem













Carlo Paolo Espiritu

Creative Director













Carlo Paolo Espiritu
Creative Director


Carlo Paolo was born a stone’s throw from Manila, Philippines, where he was exposed early on to storytelling at standing-room only cinemas. After moving to Los Angeles in 1987, he earned an MA in visual arts at Cal State Northridge. Post-college, Carlo hustled his way across the entertainment industry, producing music videos, commercials and advertising campaigns. In 2010, Carlo moved to New York to join the innovation strategy and design firm, Fahrenheit 212. After 5 years at the firm, he joined an early stage health tech venture, while running his own independent creative development and design studio. Returning to Los Angeles, Carlo found Gem through a former colleague and was drawn to Gem’s nascent technology, spirit of innovation, and a great team with a provocative mission. When not working, Carlo dreams about drum machines, strip mall omakase sushi, and travels with his wife April Joy, his baby girl Fox Holiday, and puppy Orson Welles. 
Carlo’s road to Gem:
Cal State University Northridge –> Freelance –> Fahrenheit 212 –> Hewson –> Gem













Megan Henkle

Executive Assistant













Megan Henkle
Executive Assistant


Megan was born and raised in Fresno, CA before moving to Southern California to attend Long Beach State University to become a teacher, but quickly discovered her passion lay in journalism, media ecology and sociology.  After graduating with a degree in Communication Studies, Megan made her way up north to San Francisco to dive into the tech scene, gaining a wealth of knowledge working for Fitbit. Now, after living all over California, she has eventually found her way back to her favorite, sunshine city: Los Angeles. Megan got an early lesson in resilience, one of her key character traits, when she broke both arms simultaneously at the age of 10 while attempting to shoot hoops. She still attended summer camp as planned, arms in casts. Megan joined the Gem team as Executive Assistant to the CEO & CCO, eager to explore the blockchain world and be amongst a fast-paced, collaborative culture. When she’s not juggling calendars and organizing events, Megan can be found on the basketball court, attending concerts and sporting events, or exploring rooftop restaurants around LA.
Megan’s Road to Gem:
California State University Long Beach —> Realty ONE Group —> AdRoll —> Fitbit —> Gem













Michael Ho

Software Engineer













Michael Ho
Software Engineer


Born and raised in Hong Kong, Michael moved to the United States for its higher caliber education and critical thinking. As a kid, he came up with a thought experiment to test space-time dilation using two satellites in deep space firing lasers against a receiving sensor.  Michael graduated from the University of Southern California with a degree in Computer Science and Business Administration. Michael’s career revolves around unlocking value of data. While at USC, he was involved in using user-generated heuristics to efficiently price premiums on P2P lending. Upon graduating USC, Michael was building YP’s data pipeline to power their big data initiative. He enjoys discussing physics, mathematics, economics, and philosophy. Presented with a vast array of greenfield blockchain opportunities, Michael joined Gem to make enterprise data more shareable.
Michael’s Road to Gem
University of Southern California –> YP –> Gem













Stephanie Lin

Marketing Director













Stephanie Lin
Marketing Director


Stephanie was born and raised in Orange County, California and moved to Los Angeles to attend UCLA to become a doctor or researcher, but quickly learned that she preferred business, psychology, and culture. After graduating with a degree in English, Stephanie took a variety of odd jobs–rocking the coffee bar as a barista, archiving massive topographic maps of California for a civil engineering firm, and teaching ESL students how to order off the In-N-Out menu. But she was most excited about her marketing  jobs where she could leverage data and technology to prove campaign ROI and generate predictable revenue models. Stephanie joined Gem to be a part of an exciting, fast-paced company that will have a critical impact on how the world interacts with data. Stephanie loves spending time in the mountains with her husband, Jonathan, or curling up with a good book.
Stephanie’s Road to Gem:
University of California, Los Angeles -> Vizio -> Health Strategies Group -> Kareo -> Gem 













Madeline Mann

People Operations Manager













Madeline Mann
People Operations Manager


Madeline grew up in Santa Monica and earned her Bachelor’s at UC San Diego, where she was the Managing Editor of the campus newspaper. She noticed all of the editors facing the same hurdles onboarding and retaining their writers, so she revamped the internal processes and created a much needed writer training. This ignited her passion for Human Resources, and Madeline went on to earn her Master of Science in Organizational Development from the University of Southern California. Before leading People Operations at Gem, Madeline worked at Scopely on their Human Resources team. Despite her Los Angeles upbringing, Madeline is an avid country music fan, and you can often find her playing guitar and writing music of her own.  One of her more popular tunes, “Geeks: Hot Guys with Four Eyes,” has been featured on two dozen geek and gamer sites and landed her a performance spot at the LA Mensa Convention. Madeline joined Gem because of the company’s “People First” focus.
Madeline’s Road to Gem:
UC San Diego –> University of Southern California –> Scopely –> Gem














Bez Reyhan

Software Engineer














Bez Reyhan
Software Engineer


Bez moved from Iran to the United States at the age of two. He pursued a degree in business administration from UC Berkeley while working for a startup that grew gourmet oyster mushrooms on used coffee grounds. Drawn to human-centered design, Bez joined the product design group on campus, building all kinds of things, from barefoot running shoes to donation incentives. After college, Bez spent two years in Israel studying philosophy, law, and ethics. He returned to the U.S. and learned how to code so he could marry his passion for building products with his interest in computer science. He found Gem through mutual friends and instantly knew it was a company he wanted to be a part of.
Bez’s Road to Gem: 
UC Berkeley –> Gem














Matt Smith

Senior Software Engineer














Matt Smith
Senior Software Engineer


Matt was born and raised in St. Regis Falls, a little known village in the frozen tundra of Northern New York, where he was weaned on Lord of the Rings, Dungeons & Dragons, and a 28 kbps modem. Matt graduated from Syracuse University with degrees in Computer Science and Acting. During a brief stint as a gunfighter at the now-defunct Buckskin Joe’s Frontier Town & Railway, Matt learned many useful tips such as how to manage a horse-drawn trolley and that some people in Colorado bury ammunition in their yards. He then moved on to work primarily as an independent software contractor while traveling abroad. After several years of projects that varied between interesting (interactive micro-location-awareness systems; high speed data transfer & transformation) and dull (CRUD web apps), Matt was looking for something consistently exciting and revolutionary to throw all his energy and verve into. Enter Gem.
Matt’s Road to Gem:
Clarkson University –> Syracuse University –> Freelance life in: Los Angeles –> NYC –> London –> Gem














Pankaj Tripathi

Software Engineer














Pankaj Tripathi
Software Engineer


Pankaj was born and raised in Mumbai, India, a country where cricket is religion and Bollywood is a lifestyle. He wanted to be a cricketer some days, a doctor on other days, and an engineer only rarely. Pankaj earned a Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology from the University of Mumbai and worked for two years. He moved to the United States to join Boston’s Northeastern University for a graduate degree in Computer Science, which he earned while listening to hard rock and heavy metal. Searching for an opportunity to work on exciting projects with a great team of engineers and redemption from Boston’s frigid weather, Pankaj checked all those boxes with Gem. 
Pankaj’s Road to Gem:
University of Mumbai –> Accenture –> Northeastern University –> Gem  













Julian Vergel de Dios

Software Development Manager 













Julian Vergel de Dios
Software Development Manager 


Although Julian was born in Calgary, Alberta, the land of moose and maple syrup, his heart is in Los Angeles. His father refused to allow video games in his house, opting instead to give Julian a computer and saying “make your own fun.” He wrote his first code in C++ when he was 12. Julian attended the University of Southern California’s Computer Science program. His  memorable jobs include working in the kitchen at the family restaurant, selling cars at Toyota, and serving at Chilli’s. A triathlete, Julian loves the outdoors and has tried amateur boxing. He joined Gem to show that there are better ways of doing things and that a status quo that serves the few cannot remain the status quo.
Road to Gem: 
USC –> Freelancing –> Pose –> Gem













Xiaoyu Yin

Software Engineer













Xiaoyu Yin
Software Engineer


Xiaoyu, known as X, was born in Shanghai, China, and moved to the United States when he was three. He became interested in technology in fourth grade through a popular MMORPG — Runescape. His skills grew from a simple middle school chat application and email client in TrueBASIC to high school contractor work building Android applications and simple web development. X later dropped out of the University of Maryland and moved to Los Angeles to pursue software engineering full time. His hobbies include: hip hop dancing and choreography, piano, tennis, and wushu martial arts.  X came to Gem to learn about distributed systems and the new systems programming language, Rust. 
Xiaoyu’s Path to Gem:
Science / Math / Computer Science MAGNET program in middle and high school –> University of Maryland –> Skurt –> Gem






 
 











	About Gem 



			The latest on Gem-stagram. Follow us @gemhq.     



TAP 



 
 
 











Get in touch
120 Mildred Ave. Venice, CA 90291
 
 
 




Support
Contact Us: hello@gem.coSupport: support@gem.co
 
 
 




Inquiries
Partnerships: partnerships@gem.co Media Inquiries: media@gem.co
 
 
 


 





Contact Us
Gem is blazing a path towards the new data-connected economy.
Learn how you can be a part of it.


First Name*Last Name*Business Email*Select InterestI am well researched on blockchain technology and am interested in evaluating Gem.I have been told blockchains will transform my industry and I am investigating use-cases.I have heard of blockchain technology and don’t know how it applies to me.I am personally interested in blockchain technology.MessagePhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.

 

 



























Introducing GemOS, your blockchain operating system. 




















































Skip to content


















 






 



			The enterprise blockchain company     
 
 









 











	The Problem 



			The World Has Changed     



Our interactions with businesses are growing exponentially.
The problem is, every time we interact with a new business, we create a new digital persona.
 






 
 
 









 











	The Problem 



			Identity Silo Problem     



These digital personas or identities are disconnected from each other. Split identities create data silos. And, these silos don’t talk to each other.
This data sharing problem raises costs due to manual reconciliation, lost time and missing records. The result: errors, waste, fraud and abuse.
 






 
 
 











	The Solution 



			One Identity. One Story. One Timeline.     



We are creating global identifiers to link together data belonging to a person or asset, eliminating time consuming reconciliation, providing real-time transparency, reducing risk and creating better outcomes.
 






 
 
 











			We can do this because of blockchains.     
 
 












 
 
 







 
 
 







 
 
 



	The Solution 







			Identity     



It allows us to register identities globally across companies.
 
 
 




			Communications & Exchange     



It creates a shared infrastructure for multiple companies to communicate and exchange data.
 
 
 




			Automation     



It allows new automation processes and workflows.
 
 
 

 











	GemOS 



			Solutions     







Healthcare 
The GemOS enterprise platform enables all parties in today's data-driven healthcare economy to securely access and share data with the right permissions, and with full HIPAA compliance, within and across organizations.
In the world of Internet of Things (IOT) and wellness Apps, Gem's blockchain-based enterprise architecture allows healthcare companies to build on their "collective intelligence" or Data IQ, to create the patient-centric care model of the future. All participants in a healthcare network, whether they're patients, doctors, pharmacies, or insurance companies, benefit from the resulting efficiency, transparency, and cost reductions. 

 




Explore Health




 
 




Supply Chain 
Data is propelling the world forward at light speed. Companies and organizations that use complex supply chains to deliver goods and other assets are hard-pressed to leverage the massive data generated from the Internet of Things (IoT).
Gem's blockchain-based software platform boosts the "collective intelligence," or Data IQ, from previously siloed data. This longitudinal and multidimensional view into the lifecycle of assets, whether they're cars or carbon credits, reduces operational costs and increases efficiency, accuracy, and transparency, of global supply chains. Now your organization too, can move at the speed of light. 

 




Explore Supply Chain




 
 

 











			We’re working step by step with visionary companies to link together the world’s critical business data.      And we’re getting noticed.     




Explore GemOS



 
 











	Press 



			As seen in...     





































 
 


 





Contact Us
Gem is blazing a path towards the new data-connected economy.
Learn how you can be a part of it.


First Name*Last Name*Business Email*Select InterestI am well researched on blockchain technology and am interested in evaluating Gem.I have been told blockchains will transform my industry and I am investigating use-cases.I have heard of blockchain technology and don’t know how it applies to me.I am personally interested in blockchain technology.MessageCommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  










This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms.

 

 
















GEM News




 

 



 
 
 



































 
 








 

 

GEM
News
GEM Services Announces Joint Venture With Mitsubishi Electric to
Build Power Semiconductor Modules in China... more details
Product
Announcements

 GEM
announces new Quad J-Lead package
GEM announces the
GEMPAK 5060 package
GEM announces the GEMTAB
package
GEM announces two
additions to the J-Lead family
GEM 2928 J-lead
family released 
GEM releases
lead-free plating process
GEM
adds wafer probing to services 
GEM 2021-8J
J-Lead package fully released
GEM introduces a
new J-Lead package in SC-70 footprint 


More News Items

GEM ships first
product from new Hefei facility
GEM signs agreement to
open new facility in Hefei, Anhui Province, China
GEM acquires
facility in Kaohsiung, Taiwan and adds new packages
GEM receives Best
Partner award from NEC
 GEM adds patents to
bring total to 46 design patents


 GEM
Services Original News Releases

News Release,
January 17, 2001, GEM Services, Inc. Opens High-Quality,
Low-Cost Semiconductor Assembly and Test Facility in Shanghai -- The
Industry's First Outsource Manufacturing Facility in China Dedicated To
Power Semiconductors

News Release, April 17, 1998, GEM Services, a Contract
Electronics Service Provider, Incorporates in Cayman Islands


 


















 














Home | About GEM |  Products | Logistics
| GEM News | Contact Us
















GEM Car Brunswick, GA 31520
















1HOMEABOUT USSERVICESTECH SUPPORTCONTACTONLINE REQUEST FORMWelcome to the Future of Service!GEM Call-center Service TechniciansGEM Mobile Repair & ServiceGEM Local inhouse Repair Facility GEM Individual, Fleet, Institutional and Government Sales and ServiceGEM OEM PartsBatteries for all GEM Models5 Decades of combined GEM ServiceGEM Factory Authorized Warranty ServiceMaintenance TrainingSafety Training ClassesKey Performance MeasurementsOur company is your #1 source for professional GEM Car Service, Parts and Vehicle Sales Master Technical Service RepsParts Distribution NationwideMobile Service for S.E. USAProduct KnowledgeMobile & Onsite Warranty & Service   GEM VEHICLES HAVE BEEN AROUND SINCE 1998 Our dealershipproduct lines Customer satisfaction On-time best practicesCompetitive PricingIndividual and Fleet ServiceTraining-Safety & Repair Authorized New Vehicle Dealer for Global Electric Motorcars.A Polaris CompanyPhone 1.855.375.4367email: clayton@gemnev.comWe offer Mobile Service in the S.E. USA. Phone 1.855.375.4367email: clayton@gemnev.comOutside our area. Visit www.gemcar.com and select "Find A Dealer"We have all of the OEM parts and accessories for the GEM line of vehicles.Phone 1.855.375.4367email: clayton@gemnev.comGEM SalesGEM ServiceGEM Parts2304 Glynn Ave., Brunswick, GA 31520GEM SERVICE, PARTS AND SALESCALL US TOLL FREE 1.855.375.GEMS (4367)Hours: 9am to 4pm Eastern TimeMonday thru Friday. Closed Sat-Sun     AUTHORIZED COMMERCIAL SERVICE            & GEM WARRANTY PROVIDERLOCAL AND ONSITE MOBILE SERVICECertified Master GEM Techniciansstay up to date on advances madein the industry and measured byhigh standards set forth by the Manufacturer of the GEMand Brutus line.     Polaris Industries,Inc.GEM Electric Cars and TrucksGEM 1400 Off RoadPolaris GeneratorsBrutusVehicle Sales.We accept checks, wire transfers, ACH, purchase orders will be direct billed using pre-arranged terms.Parts Sales and Service.We accept Visa, Discover, MC, AMEX, PayPal and Gov't Cards.As an added service you may securely pay online from your invoice so no financial information is released via phone or email.Website Designed at Homestead Create a Website and List Your Business













Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.

















GEM SERVICE INC - PANAMA CITY BEACH, FL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



PANAMA CITY BEACH



Services, Nec



Services, Nec



                            GEM SERVICE INC
                                    



 





















G 


GEM SERVICE INC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



14896 FRONT BEACH RD PANAMA CITY BEACH, FL 32413
Get Directions



(850) 233-5706





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $38,000.00
 Employee Count --
 Industries Services, Nec
 Contacts --






Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Gem Service Inc was founded in 2010. Gem Service Inc specializes in Services, Nec. Gem Service Inc has 1 employees and estimated revenues of $38,000.00. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com







Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















GEM 男仕禮服公司 - 西服訂製、婚禮租借、精品配件















GEM AMG 西服達人 ‧ 專業量身訂製 ‧ 獨特修身剪裁






































































西門町 西服街 最大西服訂做店 (Ｐ)


ＧＥＭ西門店 預約專線 2311-2511


流行時尚格子西服.藍色西服 歡迎預約


春裝面料新上市，時尚西服歡迎訂做


營業時間１２００-２２００


襯衫 西服 西褲　量身訂製服務


【訂製西服Ａ好康】


時尚實用入門新秀，4800元。


訂製量，大爆增，急件請先來電預約喔！


自助租賃禮服、訂製西服，享有優惠。


凡各大婚紗名店、工作室無簽約之店，


滿12000，送袖釦+領帶1組


滿9000，送紳士皮帶1條


滿6000，送時尚領帶1條


【滿額禮大方送】


結婚新人、訂製西服 有福了！


國民旅遊卡-特約商店 歡迎使用！


【東區】專業訂製西服 大安店 忠孝店


專業師傅 親自為您試穿及服務


專業西服師，為您量身訂製


超值優惠 快來搶購！


ＡＭＧ西服首創在家樂福　東興店


全台第一、台灣首創 - 家樂福 東興店

































ＧＥＭ旗艦店- 北市民權東路一段36號        中山國小２出口      2511-8611西門店- 北市漢口街二段49號           西門站６出口          2311-2251中正店- 北市羅斯福路一段5號         中正紀念堂４出口   2351-6611忠孝店- 北市忠孝東路四段223巷43號  忠孝敦化2出口    2711-8211大安店- 北市大安路一段17號           忠孝復興４出口      2781-2211 

ＡＭＧ旗艦店- 北市南京西路249號             北門站２出口          2550-9111民權店- 北市民權東路一段45號        中山國小１出口      2598-8587東興店- 北市東興路45號B1(家樂福) 南京三民站１出口   8768-1311新北產業園區- 新北市新莊區五權一路11號4-1 　           2299-6998 






Super Micro Computer, Inc. | Products | SMCI™ Onsite Services & Support









































English
繁體中文
簡体中文
日本語




















search


					 















About Us




Company Milestones


Investor Relations




Press Releases


Management


Events & Conferences


Corporate Governance


Financial Information


Stock Information


Contact Us






Green Computing


Careers


Contact


Policies






Code of Regulations


Privacy


Terms and Conditions


Safety Information


Supply Chains  Transparency Disclosure


Export Controls Policy Statement


Conflict Minerals Statement


Supplier Code of Conduct






Site Map






Products




SuperServer®



Global SKUs  
1U Rackmount
2U Rackmount
3U Rackmount
Tower / 4U
5U Rackmount
Mid-Tower / Mini-Tower
Mini-ITX Box PC
IoT Gateway Solutions
Integrated Systems





Storage



SuperStorage




Storage Bridge Bay (SBB)


Storage Servers





Chassis
NVMe Platforms
Simply Double
NVMe SSD in M.2
PCI-E SSD




Intel® NVMe Cards


Fusion-io™ Cards


HGST SSDs


Samsung NVMe





RAID / HBA
Riser Cards
Expander/HDD Compatibility





Motherboards



Global SKUs  
DP Xeon®



Socket 3647
Socket 2011
Socket 1366
Socket 1356
Socket 771




UP Xeon®



Socket 3647
Socket 2011
Socket 1366
Socket 1156
Socket 1155
Socket 1151
Socket 1150
Socket 775




UP Xeon®/Pentium®



Socket FCBGA1667
Socket FCBGA1440
Socket FCBGA1296
Socket FCBGA1284




MP Xeon®



Socket 2011
Socket 1567
Socket 604




Core™



Socket FCBGA1023
Socket 2011
Socket 1366
Socket 1156
Socket 1155
Socket 1151
Socket 1150
Socket 988B
Socket 775




Atom®
Quark™
Celeron™
Pentium® D
Previous DP Xeon®



Socket 604
Socket 603




Others





Chassis



Global SKUs  
1U Chassis
2U Chassis
3U Chassis
Tower / 4U Chassis
Mid-Tower / Mini-Tower
Mini-ITX Box Chassis
Mobile Racks and Drive Kits
JBOD Storage Enclosures




SuperWorkstations

SuperBlade®



TwinBlade®
NVMe Blade
Enclosure
Server Blades
Management
Networking
Power Supply
Blade Matrix





MicroBlade™



Enclosure
Server Blades
Management
Networking
Power Supply
Blade Matrix




Ultra
WIO

Twin Solutions



BigTwin™
FatTwin™
2U TwinPro™
1U TwinPro™
2U Twin2™
2U Twin
1U Twin




MP Servers

GPU / Coprocessor 



Intel® Coprocessor  Solutions
NVIDIA® Tesla® Solutions
AMD FirePro™ Solutions
NVIDIA® Cloud Gaming
NVIDIA® GRID™ VDI




MicroCloud

Networking



Adapters
Omni-Path Architecture
Layer 2 Switches
Layer 2/3 10G Switches
Layer 2/3 Aggregation Switches
Layer 2/3 Bare Metal Switches





Embedded / IoT



SuperServer®
Chassis
Motherboards
Atom® Solutions
IoT Gateway Solutions




Gaming

AMD Solutions



A+ EPYC™ Solutions – NEW
A+ Server


1U Rackmount
2U Rackmount
Tower / 4U
Mid-Tower / Mini-Tower



A+ Motherboards


EPYC™ 7000 Series
Opteron™ 6000 Series
Opteron™ 4000 Series
Opteron™ 8000 Series
Opteron™ 3000 Series
Opteron™ 2000 Series
Opteron™ 1000 Series
Opteron™  800 Series
Opteron™  200 Series
Opteron™  100 Series
Embedded G-Series



A+ SuperBlade®


SuperBlade®
Success Stories







Power Supplies
Accessories

SuperRack®



Specifications
Integration Service
Scale-out Storage





Server Management



SSM
IPMI Resources
IPMI Utilities
SuperDoctor® 5
SPM
SUM
Redfish API
Super Diagnostics Offline








Solutions





												Supermicro Rack Scale Design 
                    	

Data Management
Virtualization
OpenStack Cloud

Software Defined Storage



Supermicro Windows Storage Spaces Direct HCI
Supermicro Ceph
Supermicro-NexentaStor
Supermicro-NexentaEdge
Supermicro VMware VSAN
Supermicro Total Solution for Lustre on ZFS
Supermicro Spectrum Accelerate




Big Data
Virtual Desktop and Gaming



NVIDIA® Cloud Gaming
NVIDIA® GRID™ VDI




Onsite Services
Server Management



SSM
IPMI Resources
IPMI Utilities
SuperDoctor® 5
SPM
SUM
Redfish API
Super Diagnostics Offline









Support




Service and Support


Downloads




BIOS & IPMI




Intel


AMD






Product Manuals


Product Matrices




Motherboards Matrix




Intel


AMD






Power Supplies Matrix


Riser Cards Matrix


SAS Cable Compatibility


Heatsinks


System Fans










Online Support




FAQ Search


OS Compatibility


OS Certifications




SuperServer®


A+ Server










Onsite Services


Product Manuals


Quick-References


RMA




Return / Repair Policy


Request RMA Online


Replace / Update BIOS


RMA FAQs





Warranty





Newsroom




Events & Conferences


News


Follow Us


Press Releases


White Paper


Success Stories




Fortune 100 Company Data Center


Beijing Genomics Institute (BGI)


Rutgers University


BlackMesh


Green500


CloudMosa


Stanford Geophysics


Yahoo! JAPAN


SoftLayer®


PRACE










Where to buy




Asia / Middle East


Pan Europe


North America


Central America


South America


Other Regions


eStore


GSA


















 Service and Support
 Downloads
 Online Support
 Onsite Services
 Product Manuals
 Quick-References
 RMA
 Warranty








SMCI™ Global Services & Support   ( Brochure / VIP Web Portal ) 





Supermicro Hardware Maintenance provides flexible and customizable Service Level Agreements for remote help desk and rapid onsite support to cover Supermicro hardware solutions. Our Onsite Service Programs offer a 4-hour Onsite Response time option for mission-critical uptime or any tailored solution that will meet your specific business requirements. For more details, please review the brochure or contact your Supermicro Sales Representative.

  Service-Level Options

4-Hour Onsite Response
A Supermicro authorized representative will arrive at the customer's site to begin hardware maintenance service within 4 hours after the service request has been received and spare parts have been received onsite.
Standard Business Hours, Next Business Day (9am to 5pm) Response
Service is available 8 hours per day within standard business hours, Monday to Friday, excluding local holidays. A Supermicro authorized representative will arrive at the customer's site to begin hardware maintenance service the next day after the service request has been received and defective parts have been determined and shipped.
Integration Service
Supermicro defines the requirements for the installation, upgrade or migration. We perform the planning, identify service requirements, create and execute the project plan, conduct verification testing, training, and provide technical documentation.


Following are the options that Supermicro Onsite Service customers can take to make a service request.
24x7 Telephone: Toll Free 866-599-3226VIP web portal: https://vip.supermicro.comDedicated email: onsiteservice@supermicro.com



  Service Specifications



 
Bronze
Silver
Gold
Platinum


Code (*)
SMSADx
OSNBDx
OS4HRx
OSPLTx


Response SLA
3 Business Days
Next Business Day
4 Hours
Customizable


Parts
Dedicated based on service-level agreement
Dedicated based on service-level agreement
High availability
Dedicated based on service-level agreement 
Highest availability
Dedicated based on service-level agreement


Parts Logistics
2-way shipping
2-way shipping
2-way shipping
2-way shipping


Help Desk
- M-F: 9am-5pm local
                     - Excludes holidays
- M-F: 9am-5pm local
                     - Excludes holidays
24/7/365
24/7/365


Service Portal
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes


Field Engineers
No
Yes
Yes
Yes


TAM (Technical    Account Manager)
No
Yes
Yes
Yes


Operational    Report
None
Upon request
Monthly
Monthly


* "x" indicates the duration in years

























Terms & Conditions   |   Privacy    |   Investor Relations   |   Jobs   |   Site Map   |   Follow Us

SuperServer® | Motherboards | Chassis | SuperRack® | SuperBlade® | Embedded | Networking | Storage | Accessories | AMD Solutions | Power Supplies 
            Copyright © 2017 Super Micro Computer, Inc.  Information in this document is subject to change without notice. 
            Other products and companies referred to herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies or mark holders.















Services | Gemdo Cosmetics




















































Services





Anything is Possible
We expertly manage your project from creation to completion so you can focus on growing your business. We act as an extension of your own company, no matter the size of your project or company. We handle the entire development and manufacturing process to deliver a complete, ready-to-ship product, taking care of all your product needs. As your business grows and you are in need of higher volumes, we ensure that your product will be created and completed as quickly and beautifully as possible.

R&D

Unique Formulation: We customize the formulas and colors to your unique specifications. We don’t offer ordinary catalogues, pre-designed products or color lists. The product we create will be uniquely yours!
Certifications: We will complete any certification that your product may require: organic, gluten-free, cruelty-free, etc.
On-Going Formula Consultations:  From the first product we create for you, we will be informing you of the latest technology and ingredients that will allow your customized product to capture a unique market position. During our on-going relationship with you, we will continue to improve your formulas by offering you new formulation and product ideas.
Packaging Consultation:  We will analyze your packaging and will suggest ways to improve the look of your cosmetics line. We will create the perfect formula according to your specific component, since the product packaging is as crucial as the product itself!







Quality Control

Established Processes for Consistent Quality:  We diligently focus on product testing and record keeping to insure consistent products and the highest quality.
Batch Tracking & Archiving:  We have established batch tracking and archiving processes for all batches for 3 years.
Batch Data Sheets:  We offer technical Data Sheet and MSDS for all batches.
Product Testing & Reporting:  We offer stability, compatibility and micro testing and reports.
Raw Material Documentation: We offer Clinical Testing Report, Certificates of Analysis, MSDS and going Certification updates.
Export Dossier: We offer the necessary product documentation for EU registration.

 
Manufacturing Standards

Quality and Consistency:  Product quality, reliability and consistency are the keys to producing a top quality product and brand.
GMP: Following the rules of Good Manufacturing Practices, we explain in writing the results of each step of your products’ production. All operation process are written and are carried out according to standardized SOPs.  All details are available for our clients to view.
Every Batch is Fresh: We don’t keep bulk in stock. We manufacture as we receive each order to maintain the properties and benefits of each raw material intact for maximum product effectiveness.
Certified Organic Extracts:  We manufacture our own extracts, buying certified organic plants and flowers. We make the exact amount needed, meaning there is no need for preservatives in you products.
Investing in Ongoing Education:  We are constantly investing in training for our employees.


Filling Capabilities

Ability to handle small runs from 500 units (minimums may vary)
Offering rapid scalability for fast growth and large runs
Hot pouring
Cream, lotion, gel, scrubs
Loose powders
Pressed Powder
Liquid
Body wash
Hair care (shampoos, conditioners, masks)
Pencils
Tube filling
Pouches and sampling
Application of all kind of labels
Kits, palettes, promotions
Batch coding
Master shipper packing







Warehouse Expertise

Shipping pallets anywhere in the country
Providing packing lists
Quantity control and quick detection of damaged components
Constant inventory checks of your components

Customer Service


Quick Turn-Around Time: 4 to 8 weeks, depending on the complexity of your project and season
Constant Communication: Weekly updates of the status of your order
Component QC Communication: Detailed information about the quantity and quality of your components
Product Preparation: Masters, BOM, Assembling Instructions, net weights, etc.












				
											© 2013 Gemdo Cosmetics										
				



 













Services - GEM Logistics  GEM LOGISTICS for your delivery solutions  7800 Falls of Neuse Rd, Raleigh, NC 27615, USA    Financial services solutionsHaving begun our careers servicing the needs of local and regional banks, Savings and Loan Institutions, and Credit Unions, we are acutely aware of the unique requirements and time-sensitive demands of this industry.  Partnering with a logistics team you can trust to design and implement the reliable route system to support your business is something we understand.  on-demand serviceAt great rates, we provide delivery for your On-Demand shipments directly to your customer.  Our drivers will arrive at the pick-up location equipped with the appropriate vehicle and tools needed to complete the delivery.  Our vehicles range from passenger cars to straight trucks, and everything in between.  We offer on-demand service 24/7 to meet the specific needs of you and your customer.    healthcare distributionOur business began in 1998 servicing the critical needs of the pharmaceutical industry out of our headquarters in Raleigh, NC.  Today, we continue to service that first client and a host of others throughout the pharmaceutical industry.  For our clients in the healthcare industry, we offer custom ground delivery for wholesale pharmaceutical products.  We specialize in critical medicine transport and on-demand shipments that are time-sensitive.  If you have product overflow or a last minute item that needs to go out, GEM Logistics is your go-to provider.  Our clients depend on us for swift and dependable delivery to retail, long-term care, and hospital pharmacies throughout the Southeastern US.Each driver with GEM Logistics and Lighthouse Transportation Services, Inc. receives explicit training on the chain of custody requirements mandated by the DEA.  parts distributionIn the parts distribution industry, each delivery point is critical.  Service becomes the differentiating factor for a distributor and its competition.  GEM Logistics enables the distribution channel to be a success point for you.  We allow you and your staff to focus on your core business, while leaving the challenges of day to day routing to us.  We have the expertise and tools to establish the proper route system and provide dependable daily A to Z service to meet your needs.​We also recognize that all parts distribution needs are not always met through a pre-planned route system.  We provide on-demand delivery for those last minute, time sensitive requests that occur.  GEM Logistics is here to assist you in being successful with your customers and end users. We currently work with customers in the automotive and heavy equipment industry, but we are here to service your parts distribution needs regardless of industry.  Assisting you achieve impeccable service standards is our mission.  Our Services    HomeAbout UsContact UsServices  HomeAbout UsServicesContact Us  Additional services and optionsSecurity Assured - GEM Logistics is fully licensed and insured exceeding all state and federal regulationsOn-Site Management24/7 Customer Service and SupportCustomized Reporting to Meet Your Needs  (866) 888-6016  gemlog@mindspring.com            GEM LOGISTICS  © 2013 | Privacy Policy  HomeAbout UsContact UsServices  View on Mobile

Gem Service Inc - Algonquin, IL - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Algonquin



Services, Nec



Services, Nec



                            Gem Service Inc
                                    



 





















G 


Gem Service Inc
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



1210 CHERRY ST ALGONQUIN, IL 60156
Get Directions



(847) 458-0268





Business Info



 Founded 2004
 Incorporated IL
 Annual Revenue $59,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Services, Nec
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Gem Service Inc was founded in 2004. The company is located in Algonquin and incorporated in Illinois. Gem Service Inc specializes in Services, Nec. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







G

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.




















Gem Products, Inc - Supplier | Colombia | Import Genius
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





Gem Products, Inc

Gem Products Inc is an overseas supplier in United States that exports products to Todomar Chl Marina Sas. Transportation Type Maritimo.        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Gem Products, Inc and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 ECOPRINTQ                            

 PELICULAS Y PAPELES ESPECIALES  SAS                            

 BELLA FRUT S.A.                            

 SHENZHENMKIMMAR COMMUNICATION                            

 OWENS ILLINOIS PERU SA                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Gem Products, Inc
Gem Products Inc is an overseas supplier in United States that exports products to Todomar Chl Marina Sas. Transportation Type Maritimo.


            Bill of Lading        





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



Gem Products Inc
140 INDUSTRIAL LOOP W ORANGE PARK F


Todomar Chl Marina Sas
BRR BGRANDE CR 2 15 364 SEC EL LIMBO



Acquisition
Destination



Estados Unidos


Colombia



Product Description





                                        DO CC7IA032 PEDIDO PEDIDO ROY002176 DECLARACION 30 DE 56;FACTURA(S):INV262480;MERCANCIA NU                                    

                                        DO CC7IA032 PEDIDO PEDIDO ROY002176 DECLARACION 30 DE 56;FACTURA(S):INV262480;MERCANCIA NU                                    





Other Information Available




Gross Weight (KG), FOB (USD), Insurance (USD), Freight (USD), CIF (USD), Brand ID, Operation Type








Arrival Date2017-04-29Transportation TypeMaritimoHS Code7326909000CustomsCartagenaQuantity / Unit30.00/U 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Gem Products, Inc Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever Gem Products, Inc clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact Gem Products, Inc










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









Gem Products, Inc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 21,508,010 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Felix Solis Avantis S.a.                                



                                    Nabors Drilling International Ltd                                



                                    Idriss Nasser Fawaz Ahmad                                



                                    New Jersey Meter Co.                                



                                    Cadilhe E Santos, Lda                                











                     
                                            21,508,010  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3364
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















