



Hauman Technologies Corp.-Products & Solutions


































Hauman Technologies Corp.

About Us
Internet
Semiconductor
Careers
Contact Us
Investor relations


CHINESE
．
ENGLISH




Industry 4.0
IT Network
SEMI
OE
PV












Semiconductor


Introduction

Products & Solutions

Hot News













Home

Semiconductor

Products & Solutions



Products & Solutions






search





SEMI-Wafer




SEMI-Assembly




SEMI-Testing




OE-LED




PV-Solar








Side2 Nav Item1
Side2 Nav Item2
Side2 Nav Item3






Latest Product Overview


STi


CYBEROPTICS


MIT


H.A.L.M


NUTEK


IDI


VISION SEMICON


NS-8000 Series & NX Series


ESMO















About Us
IT Network
Semiconductor
Careers
Contact Us
Investor Relations




3rd Fl., No. 70, Sec.1, Cheng Teh Rd., Taipei, Taiwan, R.O.C.
TEL：02-25596163
FAX：02-25592681





Hauman Technologies Corp. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Web Design : EZTRUST




















Hauman Technologies Corporation | SEMI.ORG
































Skip to main content













 1.408.943.6900 
  
  
   |   Contact Us 



















Search form
Search




 







Select Regions 


Taiwan


Japan


Europe


Korea


North America

China
South East Asia


 

MEMBERS ONLY
LOG IN

 











Membership
Market Info
Standards
Advocacy

 













Toggle navigation




























Hauman Technologies Corporation







Hauman Technologies CorporationStreet Address: 5F.-1, No.8, Taiyuan 1st St.,Zhubei City,Hsinchu CountyTaiwan302Web Site Address: http://www.hauman.com.tw
Company Description: Hauman Technologies Corp. was founded in 1979. We provide high-quality products and professional services in the semiconductor industry and opto-electronics fields.
Company ID: 20610Join Date: Oct 6, 2002 

Address Map: 
Primary Industry: SemiconductorPrimary Product Category: ServicesPrimary Product Sub Category: Distributor, Manufacturing Representative    




 



 
 







 








 

 












 




























Hauman Technologies Corp., 8f 1 No 67 Tzu Yu Rd Hsin Chu Taiwan | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 













磐聚网

菜单 





磐聚网


解决方案

采购商
供应商
物流公司
政府机关
数据分析



产品

台
企业版
定制服务



数据

美国贸易数据
墨西哥贸易数据
巴西贸易数据
中 & 南美洲数据
中国贸易数据
趋势分析工具
磐聚网调研


价格详情
搜索

中文


English 

Español 







 在线演示 申请在线演示 

+86-21-6196-2555


登录 











Hauman Technologies Corp.
磐聚网制作的企业页面 
 企业页面  供应商公司  Taiwan







 查看 Hauman Technologies Corp.公司的产品和客户 
成千上万家像您这样的公司使用磐聚网搜索供应商和竞争对手。


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






轻松使用贸易数据
 

以公司为组织的美国海关记录
1 U.S. shipment available for Hauman Technologies Corp., updated weekly since 2007




日期
供应商
客户
详细信息

          41          more fields
        


2010-04-22

See all 1 shipment record for Hauman Technologies Corp. with a Panjiva data plan.Request a DemoorSign Up
 

货运数据显示一个公司交易什么产品或者更多。
      了解更多信息 



快速地分析贸易关系




采购业务链
探索隐藏在美国进口数据的贸易关系。
See all 1 customer of Hauman Technologies Corp.
 详细了解采购业务链 




最大的客户


Vacuum Product Corp. 






1 customer available
        


顶级产品


真空泵 





accessory parts 





leak detector 





抽 





真空 





 8出口最多的产品 






联系信息Hauman Technologies Corp.



 
 地址8f 1 No 67 Tzu Yu Rd Hsin Chu Taiwan 
 


 




           
      更多的联系方式 



Sample Bill of Lading

1 shipment record available



Date
2010-04-22


Shipper Name
Hauman Technologies Corp.


Shipper Address
8F-1.,NO.67, TZU YU RD.,, HSIN-CHU, TAIWAN


Consignee Name
Vacuum Products Corp.


Consignee Address
47697 WESTINGHOUSE DRIVE, SUITE, 100,, FREMONT CA 94539, USA


Weight
210


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
210.0


Quantity
3


Quantity Unit
PKG


Country of Origin
Taiwan


Details
210.0 kgFrom port: Kaohsiung, TaiwanTo port: Port of Oakland, Oakland, California


Place of Receipt
Keelung,  Taiwan


Foreign Port of Lading
Kaohsiung, Taiwan


U.S. Port of Unlading
Port of Oakland, Oakland, California


U.S. Destination Port
Port of Oakland, Oakland, California


Commodity
Demo Unit, Vacuum Pump, & Accessory Parts For Leak Detector.


Container
IMTU9100202


Marks Description
Vpc Ca, Usa W/C1 Ctn1 2


Carrier Name
AIR SEA TRANSPORT INC


Vessel Name
EVER DEVELOP


Voyage Number
76E


Bill of Lading Number
ASTIDEI00019467


Master Bill of Lading Number
EGLV003000607759


Lloyd's Code
9142174


HTS Codes
HTS 8414







 


同类产品的供应商Taiwan 

Taiwanese demo manufacturers
Taiwanese detector manufacturers
Taiwanese leak manufacturers
Taiwanese leak detector manufacturers
Taiwanese pump manufacturers
Taiwanese vacuum manufacturers
Taiwanese vacuum pump manufacturers.
            


供应商类似Hauman Technologies Corp. 

Taiwan Shan Yin International Co., Ltd.
Cheng Feng Casting Factory Co., Ltd.
Wealth Port International Corp.
Ic Star Industrial Co., Ltd.
Bens Comm International Ltd.
Der Shine Rubber Industrial Co.
Yi Sen Enterprise Co., Ltd..
              






成千上万的公司使用磐聚网研究供应商和竞争对手

申请在线演示











解决方案
采购商
供应商
物流公司
政府机关
数据分析




产品
台
企业版
定制服务




数据
美国
墨西哥
巴西
中、南美州
中国
磐聚网调研
合作伙伴




公司名
领导团队
董事会
博客
媒体评论
联系方式
职位



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA上海市徐汇区肇嘉浜路1065号1609D单元                ‌
Request a demo











English 

Español 

中文







使用条款
隐私条款
网站地图





2017年©Panjiva公司







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing

 






 





ACT Aurora Control Technologies Announces New Market Partner for TaiwanHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 3 hrs 10 minsS&P 5002,472.23-5.34 (-0.22%)Dow 3022,027.31+11.07 (+0.05%)Nasdaq6,348.38-14.27 (-0.22%)Today's ChartsTesla shares rev up; Aetna's Obamacare exit; Yum slips on Pizza Hut salesACT Aurora Control Technologies Announces New Market Partner for TaiwanMarketwiredJanuary 9, 2014ReblogShareTweetShareNORTH VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Jan 9, 2014) -  ACT Aurora Control Technologies Corp. (TSX VENTURE:ACU) ("Aurora" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that it has appointed Hauman Technologies Corporation ("Hauman"), a proven supplier to major photovoltaic product manufacturers, as its market partner for Taiwan.Hauman has a strong 34-year track record in sales and service of high-end, technically sophisticated products for the photovoltaic, semiconductor and information technology industries, with thousands of products sold to numerous photovoltaic product manufacturers in Taiwan. Hauman will introduce the Decima CD and Aurora PMC to selected lead users for evaluation and then build broader adoption with top-tier photovoltaic manufacturers as the Taiwan market develops."Taiwan, home to several top-tier solar cell and module manufacturers, is an important market for Aurora," said Gordon Deans, President and CEO of Aurora. "Hauman has long-standing success in the early introduction and subsequent sales growth of new measurement products in both the photovoltaic and semiconductor industries to top-tier manufacturers, including leaders as Motech Industries and NSP Corporation. They have the capabilities, experience and business relationships to help Aurora achieve our market goals in Taiwan, and we are pleased to be working with them to penetrate this attractive market.""We are excited to be introducing Aurora's measurement and control products in Taiwan," stated Allan Lin, Hauman's Vice President, Semiconductor Division. "Taiwanese manufacturers place a strong emphasis on cost-effective and profitable operations, and Aurora's products provide a valuable, unique and much-needed solution for this requirement."About Hauman:Since its founding in 1979, Hauman Technologies Corporation has been dedicated to the Information Technology, Semiconductor, Optoelectronics and Photovoltaics industries. In the Photovoltaics and Semicondustor industries, Hauman offers a wide range of products such as wafer probers, cleaning systems, sealing machines, cutters, forming machines, machine vision systems, texturing systems and high- speed fully automatic inspection systems. Hauman's headquarters is in Taipei, Taiwan, with branch offices in Hsinchu, Taichung, and Kaohsiung. Hauman also has sale, service and support centres in the People's Republic of China, and in Silicon Valley in California. Hauman's website can be found at www.hauman.com.tw.About Aurora:ACT Aurora Control Technologies Corp. develops, manufactures and markets inline measurement systems for the photovoltaic industry. Headquartered in North Vancouver, Canada, and founded by experienced leaders in process measurement, semiconductor manufacturing and industrial automation, the Company's inline, real-time measurement and control products provide photovoltaic cell manufacturers with the means to lower production costs and increase profitability. The Company's shares are listed on the TSX Venture Exchange and trade under the symbol "ACU".For more information, the Company's website can be located at www.auroracontrol.com.Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.Some statements in this news release contain forwardlooking information. These statements address future events and conditions and, as such, involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the statements. The Company does not assume the obligation to update any forwardlooking statement.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextChina promises support to new African ally GambiaReutersStart Living The Millionaire LifestyleTorOptionSponsoredAsian tech shares boosted by Apple's robust earningsReutersElon Musk says people are canceling Tesla Model 3 orders because it's like a '1.5 hour wait for hamburgers' at a restaurantBusiness InsiderTrump told Mexico's president in contentious call to stop publicly saying the country won't pay for the border wallBusiness InsiderTODAY'S CHARTS: Tesla shares rev up; Aetna's Obamacare exit; Yum slips on Pizza Hut salesYahoo FinanceTim Cook on Trump's Claim that Apple Is Building 3 U.S. Factories: 'There's More We Can Do'The StreetSports arenas are the next frontier for CLEARYahoo Finance VideoStocks drop as investors mull weak economic dataYahoo Finance'That doesn't just happen!': Trump continues to boast about the stock marketYahoo Finance63,000 people have canceled their Tesla Model 3 ordersBusiness Insider'Don't put that guy in front of the cameras again': Fox News host unloads on Stephen Miller after altercation with CNN reporterBusiness InsiderInvestors Running Out Of Cash To Buy The Dow Jones Industrial AverageETF Daily NewsTesla shares in the fast laneYahoo Finance VideoFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessYahoo FinanceThe oldest Dow stock is also the biggest laggardCNBCTrump Just Asked His Supporters to Sign a Petition Demanding 'a Big Beautiful Wall' Despite Being PresidentL: Want to stop the wall (and a whole lot of other stuff going on)?  VOTE to REPEAL REPLACE REPUBLICANS 11/6/18!!Join the Conversation1 / 5247














Hauman Technologies Corp in Fremont, CA
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Hauman Technologies Corp, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Hauman Technologies Corp

Hauman Technologies Corp exports to Vacuum Products Corporation through the port of Oakland, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Hauman Technologies Corp and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 CVS PHARMACY INC
 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 INTEL TECHNOLOGY SDN BHD
 STARBUCKS COFFEE SEATTLE
 GENERAL MOTORS CANADA LIMITED
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Hauman Technologies Corp
Hauman Technologies Corp exports to Vacuum Products Corporation through the port of Oakland, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



HAUMAN TECHNOLOGIES CORP
8F-1.,NO.67, TZU YU RD.,           
HSIN-CHU                           
TAIWAN


VACUUM PRODUCTS CORP
47697 WESTINGHOUSE DRIVE, SUITE    
100,                               
FREMONT CA 94539                   
USA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers








VPC CA, USA W/C1 CTN1-2
VPC CA, USA W/C1 CTN1-2





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



EGLV003000607759


IMTU9100202
IMTU9100202


Product Description




DEMO UNIT, VACUUM PUMP, & ACCESSORY PARTS FORLEAK DETECTOR.
DEMO UNIT, VACUUM PUMP, & ACCESSORY PARTS FORLEAK DETECTOR.









Bill of LadingASTIDEI00019467 Arrival Date2010-04-22Weight (LB)462Weight (KG)210Quantity3 PKGContainer Count1Voyage No.76EPort of LoadingKAOHSIUNGPort of DischargeOAKLAND, CALIFORNIAVessel NameEVER DEVELOPCarrier CodeASTICountry Of OriginChina TaiwanPlace Of ReceiptKEELUNG,  TAIWAN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Hauman Technologies Corp. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Hauman Technologies Corp has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Hauman Technologies Corp







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Hauman Technologies Corp
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Shanghai Challenge Im N Ex Trading                                



                                    Lp Media Ltd Apple                                



                                    Fruits Rouges & Co                                



                                    Guangzhou Galant Printing Package C                                



                                    Shinyway Intl Industrial                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.4724
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X










































Taiwan Hauman Acid Texturing Solution | HAUMAN TECHNOLOGIES CORP. | Taiwantrade.com















Home
Service
Service Overview
Customized Sourcing


台灣經貿網
English
正體中文
日本語
简体中文
Русский
Español
Português
العربية
Indonesia
Tiếng Việt Nam
ภาษาไทย


Favorites(0)
Sign In
Register
guest no cache from cms-cm:172.17.0.7








Product
Product
Supplier
Sample




Advanced





Home

Machinery

Food & Beverage Machinery

Other Food & Beverage Machinery


Hauman Acid Texturing Solution






















Hauman Acid Texturing Solution

Model No.：Apollo
Get Latest Price
Supplier：HAUMAN TECHNOLOGIES CORP.

Contact SupplierNo sign-up required.








Product Detail
Company Profile


Add To Favorites


Key FeaturesMulti-Cristal Solar Wafer Texturing
Input>Texturing>Water Rinse I>Alkaline Rinse>Water Rinse II>Acid Rinse>Water Rinse III>Output
	
5 Lane configuration
Throughput: 3600 wafers per hour
Wafer Size: 125mm及156mm
Patented drain system for texturing bath，reduce texturing deviation
Patented horizontal roller design，reduce wafer broken rate
Motor speed adjustment range: 0.5m/min_3m/min
Dual user interface: PLC & PC
Customize process available
Best COO
Safety、Performance、Design、Cost saving
Last Update :
									2013-08-22

Loading ...
				            	
                              

Product Detail
Company Profile



				              The purpose of Slider Kit is to gather common slideshow-like jQuery functionalities (such as news sliders, photos galleries/sliders, carousels, tabs menus)
				            

				              When tracking mouse movement, you usually need to know the actual position of the mouse pointer. The event object that is passed to the handler contains some information about the mouse coordinates.
				            

Contact Supplier



To:


				                        					    , HAUMAN TECHNOLOGIES CORP.


 

Hauman Acid Texturing Solution





CC:
Use ; or , to separate multiple recipients








From:


Sign in to have your contact details filled in for youSign In



 

*Email
Send a Copy to Myself



 

*Re-enter Email
Verified



 

*Subject




 

*Message




 


Upload file formats : htm、html、doc、docx、pdf、txt、jpg、gif、png



 

Estimated Purchase Amount USD




 


Continue







Contact Supplier



 





 

*Full Name

Mrs.
Ms.
Mr.



 

*Company Name




 

*Location

Please Select a Country
Czech Republic
Finland
Gibraltar
Other
Montenegro
Serbia
Niue
Equatorial Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Kenya
Federal Islamic Republic of the Comoros
Liberia
Lesotho
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Monaco
Madagascar
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Seychelles
Sudan
Sierra Leone
Senegal
Somalia
Swaziland
Chad
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Greenland
Guadeloupe
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Helena
United States of America
Anguilla
Netherlands Antilles
Barbados
Bermuda
Belize
Costa Rica
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Guatemala
Honduras
Haiti
Jamaica
Saint Christopher (St. Kitts) and Nevis
Cayman Islands
Saint Lucia
Montserrat
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
El Salvador
Trinidad And Tobago
St Vincent
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Nevis
F T/C C A
BR T/C C A
Argentina
Aruba
Bolivia
Chile
Colombia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
French Guiana
S. Georgia And The S. Sandwich Islands
Guyana
Peru
Paraguay
Uruguay
Venezuela
American Samoa
Australia
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Christmas Island
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Maldives
New Caledonia
Norfolk Island
Nauru
New Zealand
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Palau
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
East Timor
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Samoa
Tahiti
Other Oceania
US T/P P A
Antarctica
Bougainville Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Neutral Zone
Pitcairn
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
French Southern Territories
Mayotte
Gambia
Guinea
Bangladesh
Brunei Darussalam
Mainland China
Hong Kong
Indonesia
India
Japan
Cambodia
Korea, North Korea
Korea, South Korea
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macau
Malaysia
Nepal
Pakistan
Singapore
Thailand
Taiwan, ROC
Viet Nam
Ryukyu
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Bahrain
Israel
Iraq
Iran
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Syrian Arab Republic
Turkey
Yemen
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Belgium
Bulgaria
Belarus
Switzerland
Germany
Denmark
Estonia
Spain
Faroe Islands
France
France, Metropolitan
United Kingdom
Georgia
Greece
Croatia
Hungary
Ireland
Iceland
Kyrgyzstan
Kazakhstan
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Latvia
Morocco
Republic of Moldova
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Sweden
Slovenia
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
San Marino
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Angola
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Benin
Botswana
Central African Republic
Congo
Cote D'Ivoire
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Djibouti
Algeria
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Ghana
Sao Tome and Principe
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Canada
Heard and Mc Donald Island
Antigua And Barbuda
Bahamas
Cuba
Grenada
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Turks And Caicos Islands
Brazil
Ecuador
Suriname
Cook Islands
Micronesia, Federated States Of
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Bhutan
Sri Lanka
Philippines
Cyprus
Saudi Arabia
Albania
Azerbaijan
Italy
Lithuania
Macedonia
Democratic Republic of Congo
Republic of Somaliland
Republic of South Sudan
State of Palestine



 

*Company Site
Not Available



 

Business PhoneExt.
+#



 


Submit











Loading ...
                              






Loading ...
				      		
                  















Submit














