




Sputtering Target for decorative/tool coating - ThinTech Materials Technology Co., Ltd.

















JavaScript RequiredWe're sorry, but Allproducts.com doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled.
      








Menu
          



Products
Suppliers
Categories




Search






ThinTech Materials Technology Co., Ltd.

Rating:










 Home
Products
Electrical and Electronics Photoelectronic Materials, Devices, Productions & Optical Productions Optical Productions Optical Material



Decorative application





 Sputtering Target for decorative/tool coating
Product ID: Send Inquiry


Apart from optical and electronic industries, traditionally, the advanced sputtering process may also be employed in cutting tools, molds, tools, decoration, anti-corrosion, glass, optical spectacles and other applications. The high adaptability and versatility for various materials of the sputtering process is its leading leverage to attract customers as the production process choice.The key to its added value is literally the flexibility of its decorative film color. It primarily increases the brightness of color and the hardness of the products themselves, while also reducing friction that may eventually extend the service duration of the products.Products

Decorative target：Metal and alloy target such as Al, Cr, Ti, Nb, Cu, Zr.
EMI(Electromagnetic Interference) target：Cu, Ni alloy, SUS, Ag.
NCVM(Non Conductive Vacuum Metallization) target：In, Sn, Si alloy.

SpecificationSuitable for in-line sputter production, customized production according to customer’s demands is available.





Main Products
conductive paste for solar cell, thin film for sputtering target, target bonding service, precious metal refining, injection molding bi-metal barrel and special alloy powder.



Related Products




Sputtering Target for Display




Sputtering target for ODS (Optical Data...




Thin Film Target for Solar Cell Applica...




Sputtering Target for Passive device, S...







Contact Detail




Address
No.1, Luke 8th Rd., Lujhu District, Kaohsiung City 82151, Taiwan (R.O.C.)


Tel
+886-7-6955125


Fax
+886-7-6955205


E-mail
service@e-ttmc.com.tw




URL
http://www.e-ttmc.com.tw
http://www.allproducts.com/ee/ttmc/



 












Contact Us

ThinTech Materials Technology Co., Ltd.

Address
No.1, Luke 8th Rd., Lujhu District, Kaohsiung City 82151, Taiwan (R.O.C.)


Tel
+886-7-6955125


Fax
+886-7-6955205

Contact Supplier






































THINTECH MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. LUKE BRANCH

























Home
Service
Service Overview
Customized Sourcing


台灣經貿網
English
正體中文
日本語
简体中文
Русский
Español
Português
العربية
Indonesia
Tiếng Việt Nam
ภาษาไทย


Favorites(0)
Sign In
Register
guest no cache from cms-cm:172.17.0.8








Product
Product
Supplier
Sample




Advanced





Home

Company

THINTECH MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. LUKE BRANCH










THINTECH MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. LUKE BRANCH
                                 Add to favorites






Company Name:THINTECH MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. LUKE BRANCH
Business Type:Manufacturer
Tel (1):+886-7-6955125 EXT 321
Zip Code:82151
Address:NO.1, LUKE 8TH RD., LUZHU DIST., KAOHSIUNG CITY  821, TAIWAN (R.O.C.)
Main Product:Flat Panel Display
Main Export Market:Taiwan, ROC



Products





Conductive paste f..





Special Alloys Pow..





TTS - Thin Tech Sc..





TTB - ThinTech Bim..





Precious Metal Sales




Contact Information

Owner:Mr.SJChen
Contact Supplier
Office Address:82151 NO.1, LUKE 8TH RD., LUZHU DIST., KAOHSIUNG CITY  821, TAIWAN (R.O.C.)
Company Site:http://www.e-ttmc.com.tw/chinese/showroom1.html

Last Update:
													2013-04-16
N/A
N/A
N/A

Contact Supplier



To:

THINTECH MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. LUKE BRANCH




CC:
Use ; or , to separate multiple recipients








From:


Sign in to have your contact details filled in for youSign In



 

*Email
Send a Copy to Myself



 

*Re-enter Email
Verified



 

*Subject




 

*Message




 


Upload file formats
																		:
																		htm、html、doc、docx、pdf、txt、jpg、gif、png



 

Estimated Purchase Amount USD




 


Continue







Contact Supplier



 


																		<
																		Back to previous step



 

*Full Name


Mrs.
Ms.
Mr.



 

*Company Name




 

*Location

Please Select a Country
Czech Republic
Finland
Gibraltar
Other
Montenegro
Serbia
Niue
Equatorial Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Kenya
Federal Islamic Republic of the Comoros
Liberia
Lesotho
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Monaco
Madagascar
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Seychelles
Sudan
Sierra Leone
Senegal
Somalia
Swaziland
Chad
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Greenland
Guadeloupe
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Helena
United States of America
Anguilla
Netherlands Antilles
Barbados
Bermuda
Belize
Costa Rica
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Guatemala
Honduras
Haiti
Jamaica
Saint Christopher (St. Kitts) and Nevis
Cayman Islands
Saint Lucia
Montserrat
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
El Salvador
Trinidad And Tobago
St Vincent
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Nevis
F T/C C A
BR T/C C A
Argentina
Aruba
Bolivia
Chile
Colombia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
French Guiana
S. Georgia And The S. Sandwich Islands
Guyana
Peru
Paraguay
Uruguay
Venezuela
American Samoa
Australia
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Christmas Island
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Maldives
New Caledonia
Norfolk Island
Nauru
New Zealand
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Palau
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
East Timor
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Samoa
Tahiti
Other Oceania
US T/P P A
Antarctica
Bougainville Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Neutral Zone
Pitcairn
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
French Southern Territories
Mayotte
Gambia
Guinea
Bangladesh
Brunei Darussalam
Mainland China
Hong Kong
Indonesia
India
Japan
Cambodia
Korea, North Korea
Korea, South Korea
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macau
Malaysia
Nepal
Pakistan
Singapore
Thailand
Taiwan, ROC
Viet Nam
Ryukyu
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Bahrain
Israel
Iraq
Iran
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Syrian Arab Republic
Turkey
Yemen
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Belgium
Bulgaria
Belarus
Switzerland
Germany
Denmark
Estonia
Spain
Faroe Islands
France
France, Metropolitan
United Kingdom
Georgia
Greece
Croatia
Hungary
Ireland
Iceland
Kyrgyzstan
Kazakhstan
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Latvia
Morocco
Republic of Moldova
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Sweden
Slovenia
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
San Marino
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Angola
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Benin
Botswana
Central African Republic
Congo
Cote D'Ivoire
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Djibouti
Algeria
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Ghana
Sao Tome and Principe
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Canada
Heard and Mc Donald Island
Antigua And Barbuda
Bahamas
Cuba
Grenada
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Turks And Caicos Islands
Brazil
Ecuador
Suriname
Cook Islands
Micronesia, Federated States Of
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Bhutan
Sri Lanka
Philippines
Cyprus
Saudi Arabia
Albania
Azerbaijan
Italy
Lithuania
Macedonia
Democratic Republic of Congo
Republic of Somaliland
Republic of South Sudan
State of Palestine



 

*Company Site
Not Available



 

Business PhoneExt.
+#



 


Submit












Loading ...
                  















Submit







THINTECH MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.- PARTS, COMPONENTS AND SUBCONTRACTORS FOR MACHINERY INDUSTRY IN TAIWAN 2016 - SUPPLIERS PROFILE













Index
About TAMI
Advertisers Index
 Product Index
 Suppliers Index
 中文









 ID：90002THINTECH MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.

Owner：LIU,KE,KO-CHIANG
Company Address：NO. 1, LUKE 8TH RD., LUJHU DIST.,KAOHSIUNG CITY, TAIWAN

TEL： (07)695-5125      FAX： (07)695-5205
Factory Address：NO. 1, LUKE 8TH RD., LUJHU DIST.,KAOHSIUNG CITY, TAIWAN

TEL： (07)695-5125      FAX： (07)695-5205
E-Mail： bm@e-ttmc.com.tw
            
Website： www.e-ttmc.com.tw 
Product Name：
36-991  PARTS OF PLASTIC MACHINERY 




 
Back 

 


 



Publisher
TAIWAN ASSOCIATION OF MACHINERY INDUSTRY
NO.110,HWAI NING ST., TAIPEI,TAIWAN
Tel:+886-2349-4666 
Fax:+886-2381-3711
http://www.tami.org.tww
E-mail: tami@tami.org.tw

Editor
Chan Chao International Co., Ltd.
Inforchain Digital Technology Co., Ltd.
3F , No.185, Kangchien Road,Nei-Hu Dist., Taipei , Taiwan
TEL: 886-2-2659-6000
FAX: 886-2-2659-7000
http://www.chanchao.com.tw
E-mail: info@chanchao.ocm.tw
TOP







ThinTech Materials Technology Co., Ltd. - Technology







 













繁體中文
简体中文
RSS 
 
Home
About Us

Company
AwardsFactoryManagementProducts 
Conductive Paste [1]Conductive paste for silicon-wafer based solar cell
Sputtering Targets [5]Sputtering Target for DisplaySputtering target for ODS (Optical Data Storage)Thin Film Target for Solar Cell ApplicationSputtering Target for decorative/tool coatingSputtering Target for Passive device, Semi-conductive and Micro-Electron component
Bonding Service [1]Sputtering target bonding service
Precious Metal Sales/Refining [2]Precious Metal Refining ServicePrecious Metal Sales
Injection Molding Application [2]TTB - ThinTech Bimetal barrel seriesTTS - Thin Tech Screw Series
Special Alloy Podwers [1]Special Alloys Powder for VIGA (Vacuum Induction Gas Atomization)

TechnologyContact Us 


Home>
TechnologyTechnology

 
Chemical Analysis

Precious metal refining technology
R & D    It is necessary to consider the properties of electricity, magnetism, reflection rate, external color, etc. Our Company researches and develops appropriate materials and production processes according to any specific customer’s request, such as metallic materials requiring technologies of melting, casting, forging, rolling and machining. Ceramic material may need techniques of powder grinding, hot press and sintering, hot isotropic press, sintering with oxygen-rich and forging processing. Some special alloys may need a powder spreading technique since it requires higher uniformity in gradient in order to control the micro-structure of materials, such as size of grain, control of texture and phase s to fulfill customers’ demands on products.    Conductive paste is a customized product. It needs research and development process and designing individual formulas according to different printing parameters and firing conditions required by various customers in order to reach the mass production scale requested by the clients.﻿

Research and development equipment：

Metal target: VIM (Vacuum Induction Melting Furnace) and forging and rolling instrument.
Hard-to-melt metals and ceramic target: VIGA (Vacuum Induction Gas atomization), HP (Hot press and sintering instrument), HIP (Hot Isotropic Press instrument), Sintering with oxygen-rich instrument, etc.
Conductive paste manufacturing equipment and the pilot production line for the solar cell is essential for developing conductive paste (Ag-Al paste) for silicon-based solar cells. All the performances of the products can be examined at any time to provide customized products swiftly and satisfy various demands.﻿﻿ 


 
Production process
Target melting, casting and forging process﻿
It basically is a production approach by utilizing a high frequency induction melting furnace for casting into ingots, then forging into target with high speed forging machine and finalizing the product according customers’ demands by the micro-computerized numerical control lathe or mill.﻿
Major competitive leverages﻿：

A completed refining system that may effectively reduce the material cost.
Low gas content in final product, and no impure residue.
High purity import raw material that may assure the sputtering effectiveness.
Good uniformity for the grain tissue.
Diversified forms for products.

 
Process for hot press﻿
Ceramic and metal alloy powder put into a certain shape by a prior press process, then adopting high temperature and high pressure to refine the final product.Major competitive leverages﻿：﻿

Relative high density for ceramic and metal alloy target.
Customized research and development.

 
Production process for soft-solder bonding
It employed special metallization process in order to avoid the traditional flaws of high cost in metallization and inconvenience appearing in sputtering process. It is the best option for certain applications particularly like bonding the large scale target.
Major competitive leverages：

Multiple target bonding service: suitable for various metal, ceramic and oxide targets, including more than 100 kinds of different materials that can be bonded.
Expandability for large scale bonding: particularly fit for future large scale target for TFT-LCD beyond the 10th generation.
Complete and precise supersonic examination equipment: appropriate for securing the reliability of the bonding quality. 

 
Production process for solar energy conductive paste
An integrated process started from non-organic powder and glass powder added to the organic solvent, then stirred, blended, spread and eventually packed as final products for delivery.
Major competitive leverages：

Strong team for research and development, advanced ingredient innovation that can very swiftly cope with any challenge originating from customers’ production lines.
Mass production capacity that may satisfy all of the demands of customers.
Tight quality control and multi-aspect analyzing instruments that ensure high quality production.

 
Process for refining precious metals
Refining the low purity precious metals in various forms by chemical cementation process and extraction by electrolysis so that to increase their purity.
Major competitive leverages：

High Purity Control
High Refining Rate

 
High-frequency induction fusion production process
Adopting high-speed fusion technology to melt wear resistant and corrosion resistant alloys and subsequently bond them with high strength steel pipes as linings for producing bi-metal barrels with both wear resistant and corrosion resistant characteristics matching different harsh application demands from the market.                     
Major competitive leverages：

Supplying wear resistant and corrosion resistant bi-metal barrels and screws.
Unique manufacturing process, fast delivery and stable quality.
The research and development as well as design and analysis capacity of our professional team facilitate solving our customers’ tasks swiftly and effectively.

 
The VIGA (Vacuum Induction Gas atomization) production process
Metal alloy will be firstly melting inductively then converted into alloy powder after gas atomization in a vacuum environment.
Major competitive leverages：

Excellent uniformity in ingredient of metal alloy powder.
Low gas content for metal alloy powder.　


 
Quality Guarantee
ThinTech maintains a quality control policy as follows: “Customer-Oriented, Continually Improving, and Seeking Excellence: We are determined to produce ecologically-friendly products with less hazardous substances.” All of our quality control procedures are based on the ISO9001 and QC080000 system. From acquiring raw materials, processing, finalizing until completion, the whole process is monitored, thus securing the quality of our products to totally satisfy the demands of our customers. Apart from monitoring the production process, we also employ various measuring and analytical instruments to acquire credible measurements as the basis to ensure the quality of our products.﻿

Quality Control Equipment：Precision measurement equipments for physical characteristics of processing examination are: Coordinate Measuring Machine、Height gage、Hardness Testing Machine、Surface measuring machine etc.;Precision measurement equipments for chemical characteristics of material analysis are: Inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry (ICP-OES)、Optical Emission Spectrometer、Ion Chromatography、Surface Area and Porosity Analyzer、Oxygen/Nitrogen Analyzer、Article size analyzer、Hand-held XRF Analyzer、Microwave Digestion、Micro Scopes, etc.﻿
ISO & other relative quality control certifications: ISO9001、ISO14001、OHSAS18001、QC080000﻿

 
 
 Contact Detail 

Address:No.1, Luke 8th Rd., Lujhu District, Kaohsiung City 82151, Taiwan (R.O.C.)TEL:+886-7-6955125FAX:+886-7-6955205Email:service@e-ttmc.com.tw
URL:http://www.e-ttmc.com.tw

ZIP:82151 














	Address: No.1, Luke 8th Rd., Lujhu District, Kaohsiung City 82151, Taiwan (R.O.C.)  TEL: +886-7-6955125    FAX: +886-7-6955205    
	Email: service@e-ttmc.com.tw
 Copyright © 2017  ThinTech Materials Technology Co., Ltd.   All rights reserved.  -Privacy Policy




ThinTech Materials Technology Co., Ltd. - Factory







 













繁體中文
简体中文
RSS 
 
Home
About Us

Company
AwardsFactoryManagementProducts 
Conductive Paste [1]Conductive paste for silicon-wafer based solar cell
Sputtering Targets [5]Sputtering Target for DisplaySputtering target for ODS (Optical Data Storage)Thin Film Target for Solar Cell ApplicationSputtering Target for decorative/tool coatingSputtering Target for Passive device, Semi-conductive and Micro-Electron component
Bonding Service [1]Sputtering target bonding service
Precious Metal Sales/Refining [2]Precious Metal Refining ServicePrecious Metal Sales
Injection Molding Application [2]TTB - ThinTech Bimetal barrel seriesTTS - Thin Tech Screw Series
Special Alloy Podwers [1]Special Alloys Powder for VIGA (Vacuum Induction Gas Atomization)

TechnologyContact Us 


Home>
About Us>FactoryFactory

 
A soft-solder bonding mill for various materials

1400℃grade hot press and sintering instrument

ThinTech Materials Technology Co., Ltd. Luke Branch

Detail
Area:30,000 sq. mLocation: 
Southern Taiwan Science and Industrial Park, Kaohsiung, Taiwan, ROCBuilt in: 
construction project started in 2000/3, completed in 2006/5Safety/Quality Approval(s): 
ISO9001, ISO14001, OHSAS18001, QC080000Equipment:
Melting/Casting/Thermal Mechanical Forming: 75kg grade VIM (Vacuum Induction Melting Furnace), Electric Heating Furnace with Inert Gas Protection, High Frequency Induction Melting Furnace, 1000 ton and 1600 ton grade  Forging Machine and Hot Rolling Machine.
Sintering:1400℃grade Hot Press and Sintering Instrument, Powder Mixer, Ball Mill Instrument, Green Powder Forming Instrument, Vacuum Dryer and Grinding Machine.
Hot rolling: Coordinated with the C.S. Aluminum Corporation (CSAC), an associate company of the same CSC Group, equipped with a hot rolling machine that may produce comprehensive products, including 10th generation aluminum target.
Processing: 1.5 meter grade CNC (Computer Numerical Control) Lathe/Mill, 3 meter wide Bridge Machining Center, Cutting Machine, Electric-Wire Cutting Instrument, various Grinding Machines, Boring Machine, Sand Blaster and Automatic Cleaner.
Bonding Service: Large Scale Heating Plate with accurate temperature control, Large scale Planar Warp Calibration Instrument, large scale C-Scan Ultra Sonic Tester with C-scan mode, Clean Room for Target Package and Vacuum Seal Packer.
Refining Service: Various electrochemical refining and displacement equipment for refining silver, platinum, indium, palladium and gold as well as the faultless waste water processing facility.
Comprehensive conductive paste production line: A pilot plant with full capacity for analysis that may provide sufficient technological information to assist customers in adjusting their ingredients formula and production analysis to promote customers’ production yield rate and conversion efficiency.
High Frequency and High Speed Fusion Equipment.
Vacuum Induction Gas Atomization for special alloys.
Product Lines:
Conductive paste for solar cell
Large scale aluminum target for display
Ag/Ag alloy target for Optical Data Storage
Various sputtering target for optic-electrical industry 
Target Bonding service for various targets
Refining service for precious metals
Bimetal barrel and screw set for injection molding
Special alloy powder for VIGA (Vacuum Induction Gas Atomization)
 
 
 Contact Detail 

Address:No.1, Luke 8th Rd., Lujhu District, Kaohsiung City 82151, Taiwan (R.O.C.)TEL:+886-7-6955125FAX:+886-7-6955205Email:service@e-ttmc.com.tw
URL:http://www.e-ttmc.com.tw

ZIP:82151 














	Address: No.1, Luke 8th Rd., Lujhu District, Kaohsiung City 82151, Taiwan (R.O.C.)  TEL: +886-7-6955125    FAX: +886-7-6955205    
	Email: service@e-ttmc.com.tw
 Copyright © 2017  ThinTech Materials Technology Co., Ltd.   All rights reserved.  -Privacy Policy












 






    Thintech Materials Technology Co., Ltd.(TTMC) | Solar Materials | Taiwan

 





















 









        "Ad blockers are great.  But not on ENF.  Then they are bad.  ENF looks better with Ad blocker disabled."
    





ENF Solar

Accelerating the Industry
 Language:English中文日本語한국어العربيةFrançaisEspañolDeutschItaliano






















                        Solar Materials
                    






                            Thintech Materials
                        










                    Thintech Materials Technology Co., Ltd.(TTMC)
                






                                    No.1, Luke 8th Rd., Lujhu District, Kaohsiung City 82151
                            






                                    +886 7 6955125
                            






                                    +886 7 6955205
                            







                            Click to get email address
                        








                        www.e-ttmc.com.tw
                    







                                    Taiwan  
























                    Staff Information
                



                                No. Staff
                            

                                200
                            





                Business Details
            



                Material Types
            

                                    Sputtering Target
                            







                        Last Update
                    

                        7 Jul 2017
                                                    
                                Update above information
                            









        Report Error
    


Web Page *





Comments *





Name 





Email 






Submit
Sending
 Cancel













THINTECH MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD. - Manufacturer of Sputtering Target, Conductive Paste in Taiwan | Business Directory by D&B















































 Dun and Bradstreet 
Business Directory


LOGIN

REGISTER









 HOME 

D-U-N-S NUMBER
GET DUNS REGISTERED

My ACCOUNT


MY DASHBOARD





 




 Dun and Bradstreet 
Business Directory


















UNSPSC/Products
Company Name
D-U-N-S
Industry/SIC
Country




Search

Click on the HOME tab to access the Search bar.



Advanced Search




UNSPSC/Products


Lookup UNSPSC


Revenue

Select
< $1 million
$1 - $5 million
$5 - $10 million
$10 - $50 million
$50 - $500 million
$500 - $1000 million
$1000 - $10000 million
> $10000 million



Country

Select
China
India
US

Number of Employees

Select
< 4
5-10
11-49
50-99
100-499
500-999
1000-4999
More than 5000



Basic Search  
									Clear
Search

















THINTECH MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.

中文 








Dun & Bradstreet Verified Information


Company Provided Information













                                            Verified by Dun & Bradstreet 
                                            

Overview




 Corporate Information 




Company Name:
THINTECH MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.


Address:

	                                                                            1, Luke 8th Rd.,,
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            Kaohsiung City,
	                                                                            
	                                                                            82151   
	                                                                            Taiwan                                                                          
                                                                            


Fax:

																			+886 76955205
                                                                        



Main Website:


http://www.taiwantrade.com.tw/ttmc/



Email Address:
roychang@e-ttmc.com.tw


Employees:



Export:

                                                                                Yes
                                                                        


Import:

                                                                                Yes
                                                                        






 D-U-N-S Number 




D-U-N-S Number:
658867985


Credit Report Availability:

                                                                                On Demand
                                                                        








 Registration Information 




Line Of Business:

                                                                            Manufacturer of Sputtering Target, Conductive Paste
                                                                        


SIC:

                                                                                3674 - Mfg semiconductors/related devices



Business Type:
Branch (TW)


Registration date:
2006


Registration #:

                                                                                13111541
                                                                        


Member Since Date:

                                                                            2013/10/15
                                                                        






 Key Employee 





                                                                            	General Manager:
                                                                            

	                                                                             
	                                                                            Hsieh, 
	                                                                            Jung Yuan
                                                                            






 Products & Brands 


                                                                32140000 - Electron tube devices and accessories 
                                                                26130000 - Power generation 
                                                                26110000 - Batteries and generators and kinetic power transmission 
                                                                26111700 - Batteries and cells and accessories 




 
 
 




 
Click to purchase a business report for this company



Related Tags
 




Kaohsiung City 


Taiwan 


Export


Import


Manufacturer of Sputtering Target, Conductive Paste 


Mfg semiconductors/related devices 


Electron tube devices and accessories 


Power generation 


Batteries and generators and kinetic power transmission 


Batteries and cells and accessories 

 









This information is not verified by D&B
Executives




Name:

		                                                        		 
		                                                        		Hsieh 
		                                                        		Jung Yuan
	                                                        	

Title: General Manager

 
 


 
 
 















Thank You


 Thanks for claiming the profile. 
 Your request will be reviewed shortly. 


OK








Thank You


 Message Successfully delivered to recipient. 


OK














 





Warning





OK













Product Highlights
The D&B Business Directory is a Business Directory of businesses that enables people anywhere in the world to find and connect with a company they want to do business with.
 
How does it work?


Search
											the D&B Business Directory to gain the insight and confidence you need 
											to find the best company to do business with, whether it is a supplier, customer or partner.
											Register Now  to see more search results.
Found your own business?  
			   								Claim   it here and update your company profile details.

			 									Found a company that you would like to do business with?   
			 									
			   									Connect     with them using our 1-click Connect feature. 
            								

            								Click on a company name in the search results to see the company profile. 
            								DUNS Registered business profiles can contain corporate information, registration information, 
            								key employee details, certifications, on-site audit details, product images and more.

								            To find out more about becoming DUNS Registered
											click here. 


Click Here
Register Now!
 
Already registered? Login to Search, Claim your company profile, and Connect.





Downloads & Offers
Do you have an offer code? Click on the link below to download a Whitepaper or Self Evaluation Report.

Click here to download a Self Evaluation Report using an Offer Code


Login to claim your offer code.
Not registered yet? Register for free now!


















Home

About

FAQs

Contact






Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn









Dun & Bradstreet (NYSE: DNB) grows the most valuable relationships in business. By uncovering truth and meaning from data, we connect customers with the prospects, suppliers, clients and partners that matter most, and have since 1841. Nearly ninety percent of the Fortune 500, and companies of every size around the world, rely on our data, insights and analytics.

© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2000-2015. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Feedback

















 








Thintech Materials Technology Co.,Ltd. (鑫科材料科技) Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Thintech Materials Technology Co.,Ltd. (鑫科材料科技)     







 


 Taiwan                
Thintech Materials Technology Co.,Ltd. (鑫科材料科技)
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Nonferrous Metal (except Aluminum) Production and Processing
Available in: English & Chinese
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                No.1, Luke 8th Rd., Kaohsiung Science Park, Lujhu Dist., Kaohsiung, Taiwan                                
                                Kaohsiung City;                                Kaohsiung City;                                Map 


Tel: 886-7-695
Fax: 886-7-695




Website:
http://www.e-ttmc.com.tw 



 

Company Description                    




                        Established on Mar. 29, 2000, Thintech Material Technology Co.,Ltd. is mainly engaged in the manufacture and sale of ?materials. It issued its stock in Feb. 2009 and got listed on Feb. 25, 2011. 2. Business class and background: A. main controller is Zhongying Investment and Development. Of the 5 directors and 2 supervisors, they are Chairman Wang Maogen, Director Xie Rong Yuan, Huang Zhong Sheng, Jian You Yan, Songyuan Yangyi B. Supervisors are Fang Ming Da and Hong Qiu Zhen. 3. Operational Highlights: A. main revenue comes from plating of target materials and precious metals. The filmplating target materaials are applied extensively, such as CD, panels, chip resistance, crystal oscillator components, automotive glass coating, even in the wafer packaging process. B. The sales of the pure silver after the precious metals are mostly processed C. C. There are major domestic peers: Gwangyang Applied Materials Technology, King Dragon technology projects. D. It isoperated in the domestic market, accounting for 90%..E. There is a trend of increasing concentration for the clients in recent years. Sales to the biggest client in the first half of Year 1999 accounted for 44.5%.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 







Thintech Materials Technology Co., Ltd - Buyer | Paraguay | Import Genius
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





Thintech Materials Technology Co., Ltd

Thintech Materials Technology Co Ltd Luke Branc is a buyer in Taiwan that buys products from Factory Group Sa.        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Thintech Materials Technology Co., Ltd and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 DISTRIBUIDORA JAM S.R.L.                            

 INDUSTRIAL AUCTIONS BV                            

 HONGKONG HUASUN TECH CO LTD                            

 COLIBRI IMP. EXP. SRL                            

 FRERTILIZANTES HERINGER S.A.                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Thintech Materials Technology Co., Ltd
Thintech Materials Technology Co Ltd Luke Branc is a buyer in Taiwan that buys products from Factory Group Sa.


            Bill of Lading        





Exporter
Buyer



Factory Group Sa


Thintech Materials Technology Co Ltd Luke Branc



Origin
Destination



Paraguay


Taiwan



Product Description





                                        target material plata para su reacondicionamiento                                    

                                        target material plata para su reacondicionamiento                                    





Other Information Available




Control ID, Brand, Gross Weight (KG), HS Code Description, FOB (USD), CIF (USD)








Arrival Date2009-10-09HS Code71159000Quantity / Unit77/kilos 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Thintech Materials Technology Co., Ltd Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever Thintech Materials Technology Co., Ltd clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact Thintech Materials Technology Co., Ltd










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









Thintech Materials Technology Co., Ltd
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 409,325 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Styletex S.a.                                



                                    Organizacion Dinamica Sa                                



                                    Simes S.a.                                



                                    Phg Automacao Industrial Ltda.                                



                                    San Pablo Sa                                











                     
                                            409,325  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3482
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















