

Production Components: PCC’s design and engineering department utilizes an advanced CAD/CAM system and Solid Works program to streamline the fabrication process






 









Production Components Corporation


HOME : ABOUT 
      US : SERVICES : PRODUCTS : FACILITIES 
      : QUALITY : CONTACT 
      US


 











PRODUCTS


Medical


Electronic


Power Distribution


Office Equipment


Military















 







SERVICES








As Production Components Corporation’s 
                  customer base has grown, we have continued to expand our facilities, 
                  staff, and services to remain competitive and responsive to 
                  our customers.

                  PCC’s design and engineering department utilizes an advanced 
                  CAD/CAM system and Solid Works program to streamline the fabrication 
                  process. These systems allow us to move from design to prototype 
                  to production in a more efficient and timely manner. They also 
                  allow us to automatically make changes and update customer design 
                  changes upon request. In addition, these systems let us evaluate 
                  a customer’s design in advance of production and recommend 
                  changes to reduce costs or improve manufacturability. Our engineering 
                  team is also available to assist you with the design of your 
                  sheet metal parts and components.
 









 
 Production Components Corporation’s 
                  service philosophy is to handle all matters personally. Custom 
                  designed software tracks your order at every phase from receipt, 
                  design evaluation, fabrication, finishing, and shipment.
 























 ->: 
                  RETURN TO TOP <-:




 


©Copyright 2007 Production Components 
                  Corporation. All rights reserved.


 

 




















Advance Products Corporation | Die Cast  & Foundry Automation | CNC Contract Machining





























Home
Login










Mynxx
Optima
Geneva
Helvetica


Lucida
Georgia
Trebuchet
Palatino








Staff Access











				Remember Me			






					Forgot your password?



					Forgot your username?





 

































CNC Machined Parts
Come to us for your specialty parts using our CNC turning, deburring, honing, and deep hole drilling capabilities.
Read more



Die Cast Consumables
When you need replacement shot sleeves, ladle cups, plunger rods, and more, we'll help keep production on schedule.
Read more



We are proud to announce that we have teamed up with LUBROCHEM    to exclusively represent their product line in the USA. Lubrochem is a leader and an innovative manufacturer of die cast lubricants, dosing systems and plunger tips in Europe. 
Read more



 



































		Welcome to Advance Products	

 

Since 1948, Advance Products Corporation has set the standard in designing and manufacturing reliable, technologically advanced products and consumables to meet a wide range of die casting and foundry needs.

 
 

 
 


 








Shot sleeves















Save  More



 





Die Clamps















 More 



 





Ladle Cups















 More



 

































 











Home




Die Casting Environmental Products




Die Casting Consumable




Foundry Consumables




Lubrochem - Industrial Lubricants




Contract Machining




About Us








Contact Us

Phone: 269-849-1000Fax: 269-849-2200
Email UsSalesService 
























Top








Advance Products Corporation | 2527 N. M-63 | Benton Harbor, Michigan 49022 | 269-849-1000
Â© 2012 Advance Products Corporation 









 











     265520.KR Stock Price & News - Advanced Process Systems Corp. - Wall Street Journal                                    DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  22019.09 0.01%        S&P 500 ▲  2472.80 -0.19%        Nasdaq ▲  6348.15 -0.23%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  7/32 yield 2.245%        Crude Oil ▲  49.87 0.56%        Euro ▲  1.1881 0.20%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     Asia Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    3 August 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In               Advanced Process Systems Corp. 265520 (S. Korea: Kosdaq)      search    View All companies            3:30 PM KST 08/03/17      44,000 KRW     -1,800 -3.93%     Volume 392,236       Volume 392,236     65 Day Avg Vol 262,939     1 Day Range 43,950 - 45,500     52 Week Range 32,100 - 59,100 (04/07/17 - 05/12/17)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Industrial Goods      Compare to    Add          Open  45,450   Prior Close  45,800 (08/02/17)     1 Day    265520 -3.93%     DJIA 0.02%     S&P 500 -0.19%     Industrial Goods 0.75%                             Overview     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              News Advanced Process Systems Corp.265520  No news for 265520 in the past two years.         Key Stock Data     ?    P/E Ratio (TTM) The Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period.  Earnings Per Share (TTM) A company's net income for the trailing twelve month period expressed as a dollar amount per fully diluted shares outstanding. Market Capitalization Reflects the total market value of a company. Market Cap is calculated by multiplying the number of shares outstanding by the stock's price. For companies with multiple common share classes, market capitalization includes both classes. Shares Outstanding Number of shares that are currently held by investors, including restricted shares owned by the company's officers and insiders as well as those held by the public. Public Float The number of shares in the hands of public investors and available to trade. To calculate, start with total shares outstanding and subtract the number of restricted shares. Restricted stock typically is that issued to company insiders with limits on when it may be traded. Dividend Yield A company's dividend expressed as a percentage of its current stock price.      Key Stock Data    P/E Ratio (TTM) N/A     EPS (TTM) N/A     Market Cap ₩690.51 B     Shares Outstanding 13.68 M     Public Float 11.10 M     Yield 265520 has not issued dividends in more than 1 year.     Latest Dividend N/A     Ex-Dividend Date N/A       ?    Shares Sold Short The total number of shares of a security that have been sold short and not yet repurchased. Change from Last Percentage change in short interest from the previous report to the most recent report. Exchanges report short interest twice a month. Percent of Float Total short positions relative to the number of shares available to trade.      Short Interest ()   N/A      ?    Money Flow Uptick/Downtick Ratio Money flow measures the relative buying and selling pressure on a stock, based on the value of trades made on an "uptick" in price and the value of trades made on a "downtick" in price. The up/down ratio is calculated by dividing the value of uptick trades by the value of downtick trades. Net money flow is the value of uptick trades minus the value of downtick trades. Our calculations are based on comprehensive, delayed quotes.      Stock Money Flow   N/A              Advertisement         Competitors 265520      Company Change P/E (TTM)    BN2 Valuetronics Holdings Ltd.   +1.84% +0.02   12.73     BMDX Biomedix Incubator Ltd.   -2.67% +0.00   -     BMSR Bintang Mitra Semestaraya   -4.62% -6.00   -     BLU GRP Ltd.   -4.76% -0.01   2.77        More information on 265520   Competitor Data Provided By: capital cube           Profile 265520      15-5, Dongtansandan 8-gil Hwaseong GY 18487 Korea, Republic Of   Website Map       Employees  -    Sector  -      Sales or Revenue  554.99 B    Industry  -      1Y Sales Change  89.30%    Fiscal Year Ends December 31 Download Reports          Young-Joo Kim Chief Executive Officer       Boo-Shik Kim Outside Director       Young-Bae Park Outside Director        More             Research & Ratings Advanced Process Systems Corp.265520 Per-Share Earnings, Actuals and Estimates      Quarterly   Annual    265520 will report FY 2017 earnings on false   265520 will report Q2 earnings on false         Actual     Analyst Range     Consensus      1500  1000  500  0         N/A     N/A     N/A     N/A       1,371.60        722.45       Q22016 Q3 Q4 Q12017  Q2 Q3          10000  7500  5000  2500  0         N/A      4,492.60        5,356.58        6,216.12       FY 2016 FY 2017 FY 2018 FY 2019              Q2 2017 Estimate Trends     Current:  1,371.60   1 month ago:  1,371.60   3 months ago:  -       Q3 2017 Estimate Trends     Current:  722.45   1 month ago:  722.45   3 months ago:  -         FY 2017 Estimate Trends     Current:  4,492.60   1 month ago:  4,526.18   3 months ago:  4,862.33       FY 2018 Estimate Trends     Current:  5,356.58   1 month ago:  5,351.86   3 months ago:  6,014.67         More         Financials Advanced Process Systems Corp.265520     Quarterly   Annual      Net Income      0  70B               Sep 2016   Dec 2016   Mar 2017         0  70B             '15 '16         Mar 2017 5-quarter trend   Net Income Growth -                 Sales or Revenue 25.98 B              Sales or Revenue Growth -                 EBITDA +3.43 B                 2016 5-year trend  Net Income Growth +213.86%            Sales or Revenue 554.99 B             Sales or Revenue Growth +89.30%            EBITDA +42.26 B                  More             Overview    Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                  



Hardware | ATA Engineering, Inc.




















































Search for:
Search




Locations 

San Diego, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Denver, CO
Washington, DC
Huntsville, AL
Seattle, WA
San Francisco, CA
Albuquerque, NM













 Innovative Solutions Through Test And Analysis-driven Design




Toggle navigation
















    Advanced Product Development  

Since 2003, ATA has supported new technology research and development (R&D) for the Army, Air Force, Navy, and NASA under the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer (SBIR/STTR) programs. The SBIR/STTR programs were established to stimulate technological innovation, increase private sector commercialization of federal R&D, and increase small business (<500 employees) participation in federally funded R&D. Technologies must serve a Department of Defense (DoD), NASA, or other federal government agency R&D need and have potential to develop into a viable product or service for commercial and/or defense markets. Intellectual property developed under the SBIR/STTR program is owned by the small business.
Several of ATA’s current technology development programs are briefly described below. If you would like additional information on any of these programs, are interested in partnering with ATA on new technology development, or are interested in licensing technology from ATA, please contact us.






Low Profile Multi-Payload Vibration Isolation System
ATA’s all-composite payload adapter provides a low profile, light weight, alternative solution to existing spacecraft payload vibration isolation systems. Developed in conjunction with the Air Force Research Laboratory, this adjustable payload adapter provides complete spacecraft isolation above a specified frequency, has the capability to support for multiple payload manifests, and has integrated damping. A single design is applicable to a range of payload weight, eliminating the need for customization on a launch-by-launch basis.
View Details 







Asymmetric Payload Fairing
ATA’s large asymmetric fairing was developed under Air Force Research Laboratory funding. The fairing was designed to allow a paradigm shift in the packaging of future satellite and spacecraft payloads. It provides twice the payload volume of traditional cylindrical payload fairings while being usable on existing launch vehicles. The wind-tunnel validated design aims to reduce risk and cost by facilitating a reduction in spacecraft deployment mechanism complexity and/or the use of smaller launch vehicles for volume-limited payloads.
View Details 







Quiet Drag Engine Air Brake
For large civil aircraft, noise signature on approach is generally dominated by airframe noise sources such as flaps, slats, and landing gear. The engine air brake (EAB) is a deployable quiet drag device that generates drag by swirling the engine exhaust flow on approach. This enables operational changes such as steeper, slower, or aeroacoustically cleaner approaches that reduce observed noise on the ground under the flight path. The noise reduction potential has been confirmed through prototype testing at NASA’s Aero Acoustic Propulsion Laboratory.
View Details 







Strain Gage Calibration System for Fleet Aircraft
ATA is developing an automated, robust, and easy-to-use strain gage calibration system for the Navy that can ensure the accuracy of in-flight loads derived from in-flight strain measurements (<2% error) on fighter aircraft, including the JSF and F-18. The technology consists of a portable hardware package with integrated software. The increase in accuracy significantly improves remaining life predictions and safety while reducing maintenance downtime. Potential platforms include all aircraft with strain gages used to monitor remaining life.







Near-Field Acoustic Holography System for Jet Noise Characterization
Under SBIR funding from the Air Force Research Laboratory at Wright Patterson AFB, ATA has developed a means for high resolution, high-frequency acoustic holography of full-scale hot, supersonic military jet exhausts. This allows the characterization of noise sources from the plume such that this information can be used to design and evaluate noise mitigation technologies. Initially designed for military jet engines, this technology can be extended to characterize noise sources for a variety of engine plumes including liquid and solid rocket engines.







Thermal Management System for High-Power Electronics
ATA has developed a scalable, efficient, self-contained, and low power thermal management system (TMS) for high-power electronics. The technology addresses the cooling needs of electronic systems with individual components that generate heat fluxes of 500 W/cm2 or higher, and banks of components with total heat loads of many kilowatts of power that must be efficiently dissipated. The TMS also allows stringent requirements on both spatial and temporal variations in component temperature to be met for optimal operation of the electronic systems.







Six Degree-of-Freedom Load Cell for Aircraft Weapons/Stores
ATA, partnered with UCSD, is developing a true 6-degrees-of-freedom load measurement system under STTR funding from NAVAIR. The system uses a trained network to derive loads from strain gage-based measurements at weapons/stores connectors. Benefits include the ability to directly measure forces during flight/operation , the generation of accurate input profiles for environmental testing, an enabling technology for superior test methods based upon force control, significant insight into fatigue-related failures, and improvement in connector designs.





HardwareLow Profile Multi-Payload Vibration Isolation System
Asymmetric Payload Fairing
Quiet Drag Engine Air Brake

 Connect With Us On...
 















Advanced manufacturing - Wikipedia





















 






Advanced manufacturing

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Advanced manufacturing is the use of innovative technology to improve products or processes.



Contents


1 Use of Technology to Improve Products and Processes

1.1 Product Technologies
1.2 Process Technologies


2 Use of Business/Management Methodologies
3 Other Definitions

3.1 Traditional vs. Advanced Manufacturers
3.2 Successful Manufacturers
3.3 Research and Development


4 Dynamic, Constantly Changing
5 Conclusion
6 References



Use of Technology to Improve Products and Processes[edit]
One of the most widely used definitions of advanced manufacturing involves the use of technology to improve products and/or processes, with the relevant technology being described as "advanced," "innovative," or "cutting edge." For example, one organization defines advanced manufacturing as industries that "increasingly integrate new innovative technologies in both products and processes. The rate of technology adoption and the ability to use that technology to remain competitive and add value define the advanced manufacturing sector."[1] Another author defined World Class Foundry (read manufacturing) as:"A World Class Manufacturing (WCM) is one which integrates the latest-gen machinery with (process/ work) systems to facilitate 'manufacturing'- based business development governed around manufactured [2] products only, duly based over a high accent on Product Substitution or New Product Development."

"Advanced manufacturing centers upon improving the performance of US industry through the innovative application of technologies, processes and methods to product design and production."[3] Finally, a recent survey of advanced manufacturing definitions by the White House and states: "A concise definition of advanced manufacturing offered by some is manufacturing that entails rapid transfer of science and technology (S&T) into manufacturing products and processes." (PCAST, April 2010.)

Product Technologies[edit]
Any organization practicing advanced manufacturing shall produce products characterised as:

Products with high levels of design
Technologically complex products
Innovative products
Reliable, affordable, and available products
Newer, better, more exciting products
Products that solve a variety of society's problems

Process Technologies[edit]
The manufacturing process technologies described in definitions of advanced manufacturing include:

Computer technologies (e.g., CAD, CAE, CAM) (Paul Fowler, NACFAM; UK Manufacturing Advisory Service Southeast; C.B. Adams, St. Louis, OECD)
High Performance Computing (HPC) for modeling, simulation and analysis (Council on Competitiveness)
Rapid prototyping (additive manufacturing)
High Precision technologies (Paul Fowler, NACFAM)
Information technologies (Paul Fowler, NACFAM)
Advanced robotics and other intelligent production systems (US Department of Labor, ETA; C.B. Adams, St. Louis)
Automation (UK Manufacturing Advisory Service Southeast; C.B. Adams, St. Louis)
Control systems to monitor processes (UK Manufacturing Advisory Service Southeast)
Sustainable and green processes and technologies (US Department of Labor)
New industrial platform technologies (e.g., composite materials) (UK Manufacturing Advisory Service Southeast)
Ability to custom manufacture (PCAST; Paul Fowler, NACFAM; Grow Oklahoma Campaign)
Ability to manufacture high or low volume (scalability) (PCAST; Paul Fowler, NACFAM; Grow Oklahoma Campaign)
High rate of manufacturing

Use of Business/Management Methodologies[edit]
A number of organizations also included business or management methodologies in their definition of advanced manufacturing. For example, one organization defines "advanced manufacturing as the insertion of new technology, improved processes, and management methods to improve the manufacturing of products." (National Defense University, 2002, as reported in PCAST) Another organization lists advanced manufacturing as "encompassing lean production techniques, enhanced supply chain integration, and technology assimilation."[4] In fact, the Wikipedia definition of "advanced manufacturing" is "advanced planning and scheduling" described as "a manufacturing management process by which raw materials and production capacity are optimally allocated to meet demand." Overall, the following business or management methodologies were listed as being a part of advanced manufacturing:

Quality controls (US Department of Labor)
Lean production technologies
Supply chain integration
Advanced Planning and Scheduling (Wikipedia, online, accessed June 2010)

Other Definitions[edit]
There are also definitions of "advanced manufacturing" that are used by one or few sources.
Traditional vs. Advanced Manufacturers[edit]
Traditional Manufacturing is defined[5] as the act of converting raw materials into finished products by using manual or mechanized transformational techniques. The purpose of such activities is to add value to achieve targeted objectives, which do not preclude society's overall interests. In one report, the distinction between traditional sectors of manufacturing (listed as auto, steel) and others (listed as aerospace, medical device, pharmaceutical) is the basis for a definition of advanced manufacturing, with the characteristics of the two differing in terms of volume and scale economies, labor and skill content, and the depth and diversity of the network surrounding the industry. (New England Council and Deloitte, as referenced in PCAST document)
Successful Manufacturers[edit]
Other sources define advanced manufacturers as those that "succeed" in today's competitive environment. One source states that: "What differentiates certain companies is a unique ability to create a competitive advantage in this environment. These manufacturers think and do faster and, by definition, these advantages make them advanced." (Industrial College of the Armed Forces) The White House survey lists some experts as defining advanced manufacturing "solely by advances that led to decreased cost or increased productivity." (PCAST)
Research and Development[edit]
One organization listed "aggressive research and development" as being part of the definition of advanced manufacturing. (Purdue University) Although research and development was not explicitly included in most definitions, the innovative technologies listed by many are most likely the result of extensive research and development. Development of a sound product, which satisfies given criteria with least pain, is a common challenge, most unusually, haunting the manufacturer. The domain of competition is quite large because manufacturers compete at inter-manufacturing and intra-firm levels, producing near net products. The customer desires a component which promises functions most reliably, while addressing socio-techno-environmental attributes [6]
Dynamic, Constantly Changing[edit]
Finally, several sources pointed out that any definition of advanced manufacturing will need to change with the changing times, and that the definition will vary for different companies and different industries. The White House survey states: "Most discussants agree that an appropriate advanced manufacturing definition should be dynamic in nature and be treated as more of a benchmark. That is, there is a constant iteration of improving manufacturing frontiers...Therefore, what is classified as "frontier" is constantly changing, and, likewise, advanced manufacturing is constantly changing." (PCAST) Another source stated that: "Advanced manufacturing is like a chameleon. It changes in response to the needs of whichever company has incorporated it into its manufacturing process." (St. Louis, C.B. Adams) A final expert is quoted as saying: "Advanced manufacturing, by its very nature, defies definition, because it is going to be different for the chemical industry than it is for the metal fabrication industry and any other industry." (Tom White, as quoted by C.B. Adams)
Conclusion[edit]
The term "advanced manufacturing" encompasses many of the developments in the manufacturing field during the late 20th and early 21st centuries, including high tech products and processes and Clean, green, and flexible manufacturing, among others. No one definition captures everything said about advanced manufacturing, although the majority of definitions found on the web include the use of innovative technology to improve products and/or processes, and many also include the use of new business/management methodologies. Accordingly, the definition that probably comes closest to being comprehensive is that given by Paul Fowler of the National Association of Advanced Manufacturing (NACFAM), celebrating its 20th anniversary this year:
"The Advanced Manufacturing entity makes extensive use of computer, high precision, and information technologies integrated with a high performance workforce in a production system capable of furnishing a heterogeneous mix of products in small or large volumes with both the efficiency of mass production and the flexibility of custom manufacturing in order to respond quickly to customer demands." (Quoted in PCAST). "In foreseeable future categorical developments facilitated with integration with computers will ... be largely impacted by state of raw material and energy availability.[7]
References[edit]



^ (Virginia Beach Economic Development Department. www.yesvirginiabeach.com/business-sectors/pages/advanced-manufacturing.aspx Accessed June 16, 2010)
^ Thareja, Priyavrat (2006) A Total Quality Organisation Through People: (Part 4), Building a World Class Foundry, FOUNDRY, An Indian Journal For Progressive Metal Casters, issue 106 July/Aug, Vol XVIII, No 4, pp 37-43 2576841
^ https://www.tntech.edu/engineering/research/strategic-research-areas/am
^ (Virginia Beach Economic Development Department. Website at <www.yesvirginiabeach.com/business-sectors/pages/advanced-manufacturing.aspx>.
^ Thareja, Priyavrat,(2005), Manufacturing Paradigms In 2010, Proceedings of National Conference on Emerging trends in Manufacturing Systems, JMIT, Radaur, March 15–16, 2005. Available at SSRN: http://ssrn.com/abstract=2190326<>
^ Thareja Priyavrat, "Competitive Foundry Through Integration of TIPS (Technology, Innovation, Product Design, and Process Systems)", Trends in Mechanical Engineering & Technology, Vol 1, No 2 - 3 (2011)
^ Thareja, Priyavrat,(2005), :Manufacturing Paradigms In 2010", Proceedings of National Conference on Emerging trends in Manufacturing Systems, JMIT, Radaur, March 15–16, 2005. Available at SSRN: http://ssrn.com/abstract=2190326







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Advanced_manufacturing&oldid=757185282"					
Categories: Manufacturing 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 29 December 2016, at 08:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Advanced Process - Precision Cast Equipment



































































732 356 4438















Just type and press 'enter'









Search



 
















 





TIME-TESTED, ACCURATE AND DEPENDABLE 
		

Advanced Process Technology 
		

Our History











FULLY CUSTOMIZED TANKS 
		

Advanced Process Technology 
		

See our Selection








Customized Solutions for Your Application   
		

Advanced Process Technology 
		

PRODUCT SELECTION GUIDE





 






Innovators and Leaders
  
What do Titleist golf balls, NASA solid rocket boosters and Boeing’s next-gen aircraft components have in common? They all require the precision and reliability that is delivered by APT’s open casting and closed-mold material processing machines.
When the world’s largest manufacturers have a cast urethane or epoxy composite production challenge, they commonly turn to our renowned engineering and manufacturing specialists for a solution. Since 1969, we have quietly solved thousands of real-world production challenges and invite the opportunity to share our knowledge and processing equipment with you. From simple process tanks to complete multiple-component processing systems, your application’s solution is here at APT.
Lean More About Our History
  CHOOSE A PROCESS
PRODUCTS
OUR PROCESS
CHOOSE A PROCESS
Choose A Process
  Open CastingDispense air-free metered and mixed epoxy and cast polyurethane formulations into open-top molds.
Learn MoreResin Transfer MoldingThe RTM process injects metered and mixed, air-free epoxy resin at low to relatively high injection pressures into closed molds containing high fiber content preforms.
Learn MoreClosed-Mold InjectionDispense air-bubble-free metered and mixed resin formulations into closed molds with positive pressure from the top or bottom.
Learn MoreVacuum-Assisted Resin Transfer MoldingThe VARTM infusion process draws vacuum on the VARTM mold and its assembled preforms before the air-free, on-ratio, metered and mixed epoxy is infused at low pressure into the air-free VARTM mold.
Learn MoreVacuum CastingThe vacuum casting process draws vacuum on the assembled mold before the air-free metered and mixed material is dispensed into the air-free mold.
Learn MoreFilament Winding - Bath FillingWet filament winding is an automatic process that runs composite fibers down into and then out of a bath or reservoir filled with epoxy.  The epoxy-wetted fibers are then wound on a rotating mandrel.
Learn MorePRODUCTS
PRODUCTS
  SRD/SRD i Series
Digitally accurate and fully programmable, SRD-Series systems utilize state-of-the-art PLCs and servomotor-control for the rotary gear metering pumps.
Learn MoreTanks
These tanks are used for mixing, heating and degassing batches of resin. They are also available without heat.
Learn MoreECS Series
These systems are specifically designed to degas, meter, mix and dispense abrasive-filled and unfilled, multiple-component resin formulations.
Learn MoreRTM and VARTM
Dispense void-free, accurately metered and mixed epoxies and polyesters into RTM and VARTM molds for superior preform penetration and void-free resin injected parts.
Learn MoreFlying Wedge
Accurate and repeatable system performance with no unnecessary sophistication make the HT-Series shot dispensing systems both affordable and dependable.
Learn MoreVacuum Casting Systems
Dispenses air-free, accurately metered, mixed and dispensed epoxies and urethanes into APT vacuum chambers for superior penetration…
Learn MoreOUR PROCESS
OUR PROCESS
  WE ASSESS YOUR NEEDSWe listen. This is the first thing we do. We start by asking you questions about your formulations and process requirements. We do this on the phone, or if you prefer, we send you an interactive .pdf questionnaire. Your assistance and the information you provide to us at this stage, helps us to consider your needs, discuss your options and quickly respond back to you with complete system solutions.
WE DECIDE ON THE BEST OPTION TOGETHERFrom our 45-years of experience, we have the ability to recommend, design and build a unique system with a combination of proven components. We often suggest and build new features into our systems; features that help your process run better. If you want us to add something special to your system, just ask. All of our systems are designed using state-of-the-art SolidWorks 3D product modeling software. 3D modeling allows us to easily add or remove system features while we select the system design that works best for you.
WE EXECUTETo insure fast system start-up, our trained engineering, manufacturing and technical staff is available to assist you through every step of system design, system fabrication and operator training. After delivery we can visit your plant to check the installation and assist you with running your new system with your resin materials. Your designated machine-operators can be trained on proper system start-up and system operation, as well as hands-on maintenance instruction.
APT takes the guesswork out of multi-component and single-component resin dispensing. We offer you a comprehensive range of standard and custom multi-component systems, plus, options and accessories to match your specific formulation and process requirements. We are committed to responsive after-sale service and technical support, always available and just a phone call away.
RECEIVE STANDARD BUILD BATCH TANKS IN 2 WEEKS!Learn More












AVAILABLE CUSTOMER SERVICE  
We are committed to responsive after-sale service and technical support.


 
After delivery, we check the installation.


 
Assist with running your SRD, ECS or HT-Series system with your material.


 
Your designated machine-operators can be trained.




 

SITEMAPHOME
CHOOSE YOUR RESIN PROCESS
PRODUCTS
SUPPORT
CONTACT
 

Contact Us    732.356.4438

   732.356.4005

   200 Egel Avenue
Middlesex, New Jersey 08846

 






© 2015 All rights reserved. 





























About  | ADVANCE PRODUCTS & SYSTEMS, INC.
















skip to navigation | skip to content


  home



about
industries served
products
events
memberships & affiliates
contact













News
Events
Memberships & Affiliates 
Career Opportunities 
APS Management Portal
APS Rep Portal



 About  Advance Products & Systems, Inc., founded in 1978, is a leading manufacturer and distributor of water & wastewater, oil & gas, and industrial & mechanical pipeline products. APS also offers quality safety products manufactured to meet their customers' needs to protect personnel, equipment, and the environment. APS has experienced steady growth over the years and presently has 65,000 square feet of manufacturing space, and currently employs over 90 full-time employees. A complete inside sales staff and office support system are here to satisfy representatives and distributors in the United States, Canada, Mexico, South America, Europe, Middle East, Southeast Asia and several other regions. The corporation's end users include municipalities, public utilities, oil and gas companies, and other industrial and commercial firms. Advance Products & Systems, Inc. is dedicated to manufacturing quality pipeline products which provide their customers not only with the product but with confidence in knowing they have a dependable product backed by 40 years of industry-leading excellence.    Products manufactured and distributed by Advance Products & Systems, Inc. Casing Spacers & End Seals Innerlynx® Flange Isolating Gasket Kits Flange Band Protectors UBolt-Cote®IsoJoint®Meter Service FittingSafety Spray Shields DuoCon Centralizers Radolid® Protection Caps Wall Sleeves Hammer Cushion Pads Inspect-a-Lift®Raq-Gard Maloney/Foreman Nite Caps Advance Products & Systems, Inc. is proud to be an ISO 9001:2008 registered company.ISO Certificate of Registration Quality Policy Advance Products & Systems  is committed to providing innovative high quality products and services in cathodic protection, corrosion prevention and safety that meet or exceed the expectations of our customers and relevant interested parties.  This includes:Maintaining a shared quality vision and a focus on continuous improvement to our products, processes, and services (including delivery), Understanding the requirements and meeting the needs of our interested parties, and  Involving all employees in the delivery of quality products and services in a timely manner.Quality ObjectivesIncrease customer satisfaction with 99% as a "goal" Keep customer on-time delivery to a "goal" of 95% or betterReduce customer returns of orders (RMA's) due to NCR's to less than 1.0%Increase on-time vendor deliveries to a goal of 98% or betterIncrease vendor quality with a goal of 99%Increasing our overall Quality System Score to 99% or better VisionTo be the Global Leader in design and manufacturing of innovative cathodic protection, corrosion prevention and safety products for the water, wastewater, oil, gas, and industrial pipeline industriesMissionCommitted to providing innovative high quality products and services that meet or exceed the expectations of our customers as well as all relevant interested parties Values Integrity- Honesty is the strength of our character in business and the philosophy we follow in everything we do.Partnership-We collaborate with customers, personnel and relevant interested parties because we recognize that the best solutions come from teamwork to get the job done right.Creativity-Innovation is a big part of our vision. We strive to design a state of the art product that is user friendly and environmentally safe.Reliability-Dependability is a part of our company’s character. Through over 40 years of manufacturing experience, our products are thoroughly tested and field proven. Safety-We are dedicated to safety and make it a priority in everything we do.Competition-Our resiliency to competition drives us to be the Global Leader in innovation which makes us a stronger competitor.Respect-We are honest and respectful to one and all within our diverse company. The talents and expertise of each individual within our family makes us a stronger  








 







Products|

Career Opportunities |

Contact |

Sitemap|


© 2008, 2013 Advance Products & Systems, Inc.  All rights reserved. Privacy Policy                                                                PO Box 60399 • Lafayette, LA 70596-0399 • 337-233-6116 • Fax 337-232-3860Visit apsonline.com via smartphone to access the mobile-friendly website.
Site Designed by Firefly Digital® a Lafayette Web Design Firm
Powered by the Website Gadget® Content Management System








Process Systems, Inc. | A Ruthman Company
























































 
  Quality Industrial Vertical Pump Repair
 Download Brochures 
 Deming  Select Software







              Process Systems, Inc
Process Systems, Inc. is a successful industrial pump company consisting of customer driven individuals that have provided the industry with innovative solutions since 1972. We currently operate in two locations. Our main headquarters, located in Warren, Michigan is home to our manufacturing, repair department, engineering, and supporting staff. Our location in Mellott, Indiana specializes in pump repair and also manufactures new pumps. more...


Deming - Vertical Turbine Pumps 
              Process Systems, Inc. manufactures the Deming Vertical Turbine Pump one of the most complete and diversified lines of vertical turbines in the world. Renowned for outstanding durability, efficiency and low maintenance. Time tested in the field with over 100 years of engineering & manufacturing experience. They can be found wherever fluids must be reliably transferred from general industry to agricultural applications. more...


















Process Systems, Inc. Copyright © 2008 All Rights Reserved




Standard Terms and Conditions
















































3D Printers, 3D Scanning, Software, Manufacturing and Healthcare Services | 3D Systems









    Skip to main content
  



























 






















3D Printed Investment Casting Patterns



Find out how 3D printed investment casting patterns can enable cost and time reductions in shell investment casting.


Download the White Paper














 






















Your One Stop Shop From Prototyping to Production



On Demand Manufacturing helps you simplify the extensive product development process.


Get an Online Quote














 






















Production-Quality Lenses Directly from SLA



TecNiq's 3D printed prototypes in VisiJet Clear material meet DOT standards directly from the printer. Prototyping time savings with 3D Systems SLA 3D printing allow the team to rapidly iterate on design.


Read Article














 






















GibbsCAM Training



Come to our offices in California for in-person training. Our classroom style training is beneficial to beginners as well as experienced users.


Learn more














 






















Precision Metal Solutions



Extensively developed LaserForm DMP materials are optimized for high resolution part quality and consistent part properties. Learn more about the ProX DMP 320 and new materials to save up to 30% on metal parts.


Learn more














triangles top right







































✕


 


































On Demand Manufacturing Services
For fast-turn prototyping, low volume manufacturing, appearance models and advanced prototyping.
Order Your Part



Industries
See How 3D Technologies are Transforming Your Industry







industries-aerospace-icon

 

Aerospace & Defense
Learn more








industries-automotive-icon

 

Automotive
Learn more







industries-healthcare-icon

 

Healthcare
Learn more







        industries-dental-icon

 

Dental
Learn more







industries-durable-goods-icon



 

Durable Goods
Learn more







industries-teaching-training-icon

 

Teaching & Training
Learn more







industries-entertainment-icon




 

Entertainment
Learn more










industries-aerospace-icon

 

Aerospace & Defense





industries-aerospace-icon

 

Aerospace & Defense







industries-automotive-icon

 

Automotive





industries-automotive-icon

 

Automotive







industries-healthcare-icon

 

Healthcare





industries-healthcare-icon

 

Healthcare







        industries-dental-icon

 

Dental





        industries-dental-icon

 

Dental







industries-durable-goods-icon



 

Durable Goods





industries-durable-goods-icon



 

Durable Goods







industries-teaching-training-icon

 

Teaching & Training





industries-teaching-training-icon

 

Teaching & Training







industries-entertainment-icon




 

Entertainment





industries-entertainment-icon




 

Entertainment













 


















 


















 


















 


















 


















 


















 








































Explore our Products & Services












3D Printers


Learn more














Software


Learn more














Scanners and Haptics


Learn more














Materials


Learn more














On Demand Manufacturing

Your one stop shop from prototyping to production

Learn more














Precision Healthcare Solutions


Learn more





























Get the 3D Printers Buyer's Guide



Download Now



















On Demand Manufacturing



Get a Quote








































Advance Systems



Advance Systems



































TOLL FREE
800-326-6536


LOCAL
920-468-5477











CUSTOM SOLUTIONS













Welcome to Advance Systems, Inc. 



ASI possesses the largest and most comprehensive inventory of drying technology in the industry.  Our ability to blend the unique product knowledge of our customers with the process expertise and advanced drying technologies experience of our engineering staff enables us to offer innovative, cost-effective solutions to meet precise project requirements.
Our commitment to provide on-schedule delivery and start-up along with superior technical and service support assures our customers their selection of a custom drying system from Advance Systems, Inc. will provide years of dependable, day-in, day-out performance.





 


















