



Jardine Engineering Corporation


























                                
                                 Hong Kong  |
                                 Global  |
                                 Philippines  |
                                 Singapore  |
                                 Thailand  





























An Overview
Our Vision Mission Values
Who We Serve
Our Management
Our Milestones
Where We Operate








                Introduction


What We Do


                                    Contracting 

                                    Services 

                                    Products & Sourcing 



Who We Serve


                                    Buildings



                                    Environmental Infrastructure



                                    Transportation & Logistics










By Location


All Regions 

                                    Hong Kong 

                                    China 

                                    Macau 

                                    Philippines 

                                    Singapore 

                                    Thailand 

                                    Thailand 

                                    Others 





What We Do


                                    Contracting 

                                    Services 

                                    Products & Sourcing 



Who We Serve


                                    Buildings



                                    Environmental Infrastructure



                                    Transportation & Logistics











Introduction
Group EHS Vision
Health & Safety Policy
Enviromental Policy
JEC in the Community






News & Events
Publications


JEC Magazine
Company Brochure
Environmental, Health & Safety Report
Solution Brochure
90th Anniversary Commemorative Book








Careers at JEC
Career Development
Management Trainee Programme
Apprenticeship Training Programme
Campus Partnership
Outstanding Engineering Project Awards (OEPA)
Job Openings



 



 




















Jardine Engineering Corporation (JEC) is a trusted provider of engineering and building services and products across Asia, offering contracted installation and maintenance as well as specialist product sourcing.
 >




Jardine Engineering Corporation (JEC) is able to provide its wide range of products and services to any organisation, but we have particular depth of experience in three key sectors: Buildings, Environmental Infrastructure and Transportation & Logistics. >




















JEC's extensive product supply and sourcing capabilities serve our contracting services and customers' direct requirements for reliable high quality electrical & mechanical (E&M) equipment and building products that precisely meet their needs.
 >







06 July 2017 Liantang/Heung Yuen Wai Sewage Treatment Plant Achieved Provisional Platinum Rating under BEAM Plus New Building V1.2 >
04 July 2017 JEC Awarded a Large-scale MTR Station Chiller Replacement Programme to Continue Bringing Comfortable Station Environment to Passengers >
04 July 2017 JEC Constructs Baggage Handling Systems for Arrival Bags Delivery and Early Bag Storage >


 Chek Lap Kok Fire Station PV Power >
 Kowloon Hospital Solar-Wind Turbine System >
 One Island East Generators and Cooling Towers >





JEC Magazine
June 2017
                        Asset Enhancement: Unlocking the Hidden Value in Our Buildings

JEC Environmental Health & Safety Report
                    • 2015





















































World Wide Electrical Switchgear and Power Distribution system providers.


























 

















 
















Home
About

News
Careers
Contact


Electrical Switchgear IEC

Low Voltage Switchgear
Medium Voltage Switchgear
Package Substations
Power Distributions Units & Remote Power Panels
Panelboards & Distribution Boards
Pre-Fabricated Switchrooms


Electrical Switchgear UL

UL 891
UL 1558
Power Distribution Units
Remote Power Panels


Powerbar

High Powerbar
MV Phase Powerbar
Intelligent Medium Powerbar
Cast Resin Powerbar


Energy Management Systems

Electrical Energy Monitoring System
Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition
Data Centre Infrastructure Management


BIM Content
Applications
USA Sales Team
Maintenance
Blog
















CONTACT

















EuropeAmericaMiddle East & Asia



										Europe
									



										America
									



										Middle East & Asia
									













Home
About

News
Careers
Contact


Electrical Switchgear IEC

Low Voltage Switchgear
Medium Voltage Switchgear
Package Substations
Power Distributions Units & Remote Power Panels
Panelboards & Distribution Boards
Pre-Fabricated Switchrooms


Electrical Switchgear UL

UL 891
UL 1558
Power Distribution Units
Remote Power Panels


Powerbar

High Powerbar
MV Phase Powerbar
Intelligent Medium Powerbar
Cast Resin Powerbar


Energy Management Systems

Electrical Energy Monitoring System
Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition
Data Centre Infrastructure Management


BIM Content
Applications
USA Sales Team
Maintenance
Blog
 




Menu






 









 





 

iMPB eCatalog 

Design, select and download high quality product data directly into your iMPB projects. 

CLICK FOR iMPB eCATALOG 







 

Data Centers 

E+I Engineering have proven to be invaluable in the global data centre market with clients across Europe including Rackspace, Barclays, Telecity, Digiplex and DRT.  



 






Welcome to E+I Engineering Group
E+I Engineering are a leading provider of electrical switchgear and power distribution systems, offering unique in-house integrated power solutions tailored specifically to client’s requirements.





Commercial Offices
E+I Engineering’s extensive range of switchgear  has been used on a range of projects for high profile commercial clients including Allen & Overy, CISCO, Deloitte, Ericsson and Fujitsu. E+I Engineering have also completed works for many of the world’s leading financial institutions and banks, most notably as part of the Canary Wharf development in London.





Industrial Buildings
Switchgear products from E+I Engineering have been used in the power distribution systems for various major warehouses and other industrial buildings. E+I Engineering have carried out work for a range of multi-national companies including News International, Rolls Royce, Diageo and Securitas.





Healthcare
Healthcare providers across the world have integrated E+I Engineering’s bespoke critical power distribution solutions into their facilities. With extensive experience in working with hospitals within the NHS and in the private sector, E+I Engineering have a proven record of providing reliable and efficient equipment to the critical care sector.





Electrical Switchgear
E+I Engineering manufacture and deliver a range of flexible and economic switchgear solutions. From final distribution LV products to bespoke MV schemes, the extensive range of type tested switchgear is custom built to meet each client’s requirements.







Powerbar
Powerbar offers a totally integrated solution for larger power distribution. E+I Engineering’s patented range of busbar trunking is designed to distribute power throughout buildings.





Energy Management Systems
Monitor and control your electrical systems using an energy management system from E+I Engineering. The range of energy management systems are tailor made to meet client’s specifications and are compliant with all applicable standards and regulations.







Maintenance
Discover how a maintenance contract from E+I Engineering can ensure the efficiency and performance of your electrical equipment. E+I Engineering provide technical support and maintenance packages on the complete range of E+I Engineering products, as well as third party systems.





Follow us @engineeringei



 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











 


E.J.R. Engineering Home


































EJR Engineering and Machine Corp.





"Service and know how are our greatest assets and your guarantee."








Home
Machines
Contact Us







About E.J.R. Engineering and Machine Corporation












Service and know how are our greatest assets, and your guarantee.


Five Head M200E Taper
We offer a wide selection of models including:

Tape Wrappers
Magnet Wire Taper Systems
Take-Ups
Pay-Offs
Capstans
Tractor Capstans
Cablers
Respoolers
Stripers and Color Coding Equipment
Extrusion System for Wire
Control Systems/Panels
Drive Systems/Motors
Digital Wire Preheaters
Digital Annealer Controls
Length Measuring Machines




  





EJR ENGINEERING & MACHINE CORP.
908 Lawrence st.
Lowell, MA 01852
ATT: Siegfried Fahnrich, President
Phone: (978) 458-9708
Fax: (978) 452-0615
E-mail: ejreng@aol.com


 Founded in 1969, E.J.R. Engineering & Machine Corporation is known world wide for manufacturing the finest wire taping and wrapping systems in the industry. E.J.R. machines are currently used by 90% of wire and cable manufacturing companies in the United States as well as large companies from around the globe. This is all possible because of our sturdy and reliable taping lines, our broad knowledge of the field, and our excellent customer service.




 

We have a large customer base outside of the States, including companies like Nexans, Dupont, Vonroll, GURT, Summtex Incorporated, and Tyco Connectivity. Many of our machines are still in use after decades and will continue to be used because of their excellent quality and dependable performance.



 

After 43 years, the factory at E.J.R. has come to be known for its flexibility. We custom build each machine to match customer specifications, and we work with our customers to make sure that they get exactly what they want from our machines. Each and every machine we offer has many additional options and features that can be configured any number of ways to find the right line for our customers.







For more information, send us a request by e-mail or by phone.



Call for a free no obligation quote!












Content copyright . EJR Engineering and Machine Corporation. All rights reserved.











﻿



E＆R Engineering Corp

























 LANGUAGES 

 繁體中文  簡體中文  





Home
Profile
Products
Human Resource
Contact Us





 
 




Automatic Equipment

Laser Application
Plasma
Dispenser
TCP. COF Machine
Singulation System
Pad Printer



UV Laser

Laser



FPC Automation Family

FPC Equipment



Embossed Carrier Tape

Carrier Tape
Embossed Carrier Tape
Reel









 Search By Tag
IC packaging
LED Industry
Touch panel industry
Solar photovoltaic industry
Printed circuit board
Others


















Home >  Products > Automatic Equipment

Automatic Equipment







 Laser Application 

									
									Tpatt-101p
									
									Laser Glass Cutting System
									
									Laser Ceramic Drilling System
									
									LM-101A
									
									B-2000T_CMBMC
									
									Blazon-2000-CBC
									
									BLAZON -2000-MBM
									
									BLAZON -3000-CBC (Boat to Boat)
									
									LONTIS-2800
									
									B-2000-ED (Strip to Strip)
									
									L-3000 (Tray to Tray)






 Plasma 

									
									In Line Plasmax-602A
									
									In Line Plasmax-604A
									
									Automatic Strip Loading Plasma
									
									Chamber Plasma (Magazine Loading)
									
									Plasmax-600 Series
									
									Plasmax-800/900 Series






 Dispenser 

									
									Underfill UF-601
									
									Dual-Gantry Underfill System UF-602
									
									Geniflow-601 Series






 TCP. COF Machine 

									
									Reel Star- 800-PM
									
									Reel Star-800LM-COF






 Singulation System 

									
									Substrate Saw APASS-502/503
									
									Package Saw APASS-602
									
									Fine Laser Cutting System﹕μSD Cutting LaSAW-9931






 Pad Printer 

									
									PR-602 Pad Printer
									
									PR-702 On Tray Ink Marking
									
									PR-801 Pad Printer
									
									PR-802 Pad Printer
									
									PR-BGA-CC
									
									Printer Head E&R-698








 

  ﻿     TEL: +886-7-615-6600 FAX: +886-7-615-5511 E-mail: ercorp@enr.com.tw
ADD: 61, Hengsang Road, Yenchaou District, Kaohsiung City 824, Taiwan. 

      Copyright © 2014. E&R Engineering corp. All Rights Reserved. 網頁設計 ESHOW




 




V, J, L & U Bolts Manufacturer | Round & Square Bend U Bolts | Square & Battery J Bolts
































800-979-1921

















































L Bolts
U Bolts
V Bolts
J Bolts

 
















































Meticulous Accuracy and High Volumes of Square Bend U Bolts, Square J Bolts and More
Over the last 45 years we have established ourselves as one of the top U bolt manufacturer. One of the keys to our success is that we invested heavily in cutting-edge technology that enables us to produce high volumes of square bend u bolts, round u bolts, & custom U bolts quickly and accurately. By continuously improving the way in which we operate, we've been able to tighten our tolerances to help produce L bolts, V bolts and custom U bolts which can be used in a wide range of applications.
Custom U Bolts Manufacturer
We can tailor our products to suit your specific requirements, meeting your production targets no matter how ambitious they might be. Unlike some manufacturers who have only a few planetary machines, we have 80+! Additionally, we also have several dozen wire cutting machine, bending machines and other specialist component to help make custom U bolts. This enables us to run a continuous production process that can produce an enormous number of your parts.
We Can Meet Your Deadline for Spade Bolt Components and J Bolts
No matter what your deadlines might be, we have the capacity necessary to meet them. From battery J Bolt to round U Bolts, you can be confident we will deliver exactly what you need, on time and within the agreed budget.
Fully Threaded Studs Which Benefit from Our Precision Skills
We are experts in producing precision components that are created to your exact specifications. Strong quality control ensures consistency across a large number of parts. To find out more, call us at (800) 979-1921.


R & R Engineering Company Inc. -
     801 S Main Street
Summitville,
     Indiana
46070 |
     Phone: 800-979-1921 |
     L Bolts | U Bolts | V Bolts | J Blots | Sitemap | Blog |
     




  
  
















Engineered Products Company | Specialty Electrical and Lighting Products





























 Engineered Products Company  AGRICULTURAL MARKET 800.336.1976 EPCPRO LOGIN   Menu
                       
 Engineered Products Company (EPCO) is the premier brand manufacturer of specialty electrical products. We only sell direct to electrical distributors.

 New at EPCO          TIGER 100-Watt and 60-Watt Temporary LED Luminaire  Introducing our TIGER LED 100-Watt and 60-Watt Temporary LED Luminaires! These Temporary LED Luminaires consume less than half the total energy costs compared to metal halide lamps. Read More         Engineered Products Company Unveils New Compact GU24 LED Lamp Holders for Commercial, Industrial and Residential Lighting  EPCO introduces new GU24 9-Watt Bi-Pin LED Lamp Holders to Lighting Product Line. Read More         AS SEEN ON: EPCO LED Closet Luminaire featured on Ask This Old House  Engineered Products Company’s (EPCO) Motion Sensing LED Closet Luminaire was featured on Ask This Old House: Season 15, Episode 3 as a simple solution to upgrade small spaces to LED lighting. Read More  Click to join our EPCO mailing list

 Engineered Products Company Metrics Report Card As of 08/03/2017       EPCO Order Fill-Rate for Distributor Orders Measures number of EPCO Sales Orders filled Complete on first shipments to a Customer.     On-Time Delivery for EPCO Sales Orders Measures number of Sales Orders "delivered on time" by EPCO against Customer requested Dates.     EPCO Sales Order Accuracy Measures number of Errors that negatively impact EPCO Customer Expectations.

Employment Opportunities
  Fixture Whip Assembler (Whip Line)  Responsible for the general assembly of fixture whips, AC whips and various production line assemblies. Individuals in this position must follow established standard procedures and work instructions for assembly. This position works under the close supervision of the assembly lead. Regular and consistent attendance is an essential function of this position. READ MORE   PDU Cables Assembler Openings  This position is responsible for the general assembly of power cables. This includes a quality product with no defects within and working toward exceeding time requirements. Follows established procedures in assembly operations and works under the close supervision of Power Cable Lead. Regular and consistent attendance is an essential function of this position. READ MORE   Machine Operator - Wire Room  Responsible for performing daily machine operation of wire cutting and wire processing equipment in the Wire Room. Includes operation, set-up, and some troubleshooting and preventive maintenance. Regular and consistent attendance is an essential function of this position. READ MORE   Shipping Clerk  The Shipping Clerk will perform daily shipping department tasks including all types of order pulling and paper/computer processing tasks. Regular and consistent attendance is an essential function of this position. READ MORE 
  



























