 




Exponent  Inc Company Profile – SWOT Analysis Report : DecisionDatabases.com





































 Email: [email protected]













































Toggle navigation



 






Home


Categories


Blog


About Us


Contact Us



 














  
 












 Home 


Company Profiles 
 Consulting















 


Exponent  Inc - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report


ID:PD003572
February 2016
Value Market Research





Single User License: $ 125.00        
                                                                        Multi User License: $ 250.00        
                                                                    



Buy Now Download Sample Ask Questions 





Description
Table Of Content




                                        The professional and profound study of Exponent  Inc provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial details and competitive assessment of the company. On the competitive edge, this report evaluates the strategies adopted by the company. This profile is of significant use to the Management Consultants, Industry Analysts, Market Research Organizations, Investors, Corporate Advisors and other consultants.
 
FEATURES:

Detailed information on Exponent  Inc required for business and competitor intelligence needs
In-depth study of the factors influencing Exponent  Inc as SWOT Analysis
Detailed analysis of the business model of Exponent  Inc comprising of breakdowns and examinations of the key business segments
Track on strategic business developments of Exponent  Inc
News and Press Releases about Exponent  Inc, such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract wins
Easy to understand statistical charts & graphs showing key trends and data

 
HIGHLIGHTS:

Exponent  Inc - Strategy and SWOT Report offers a comprehensive analysis of the corporate growth activities of the organization in order to sustain its competitive advantage. It delivers a detailed strategic analysis of the company's business, examining its performance in the market over a period of time. The data in this report is derived from in-house databases, company websites, company annual reports and several paid sources.
 
The profile covers facts and statistics specifying summary of the Exponent  Inc, key facts & figures, key employees details, company history, locations and subsidiaries, business description, products & services offered and SWOT analysis of the company. Owing to this information, competitive positioning of the company can be understood.
 
The Exponent  Inc company profile evaluates the business of the company through SWOT analysis. It offers intense outlook on the strengths of the company which lead to avail potential market opportunities for the business. The report is beneficial to comprehend the weaknesses that will aid to overcome critical issues affecting the business. This will aid to understand the company’s strategies towards business development and superintending market challenges. The profile helps to formulate strategies that augment client’s business by enabling them to understand their partners, customers and competitors better.
 
This company profile offers a detailed insight into the financial position of the firm, while in-depth qualitative analysis will help client understand Exponent  Inc strategy and growth prospects. The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company are delivered. In addition, it includes the most recent financials of the company and also compares the historical sales & income figures with the current and projected figures. This profile accentuates on the financial performance, stock data and corporate information.
 
The Exponent  Inc company profile includes exhaustive study on company’s corporate activities covering the financial deals. It reviews the top deals, mergers and acquisitions, capital raising strategies, partnership and divestment transactions undertaken by Exponent  Inc. However, these corporate activities delineate the smooth working and financially health of the company.
 
The profile evaluates the substantial developments that have taken place in the company. The profile emphasizes on the growth strategy of Exponent  Inc in accordance with their multiple business segments. This profile examines recent performances, activities and strategies of Exponent  Inc, and assesses the same for the possible future directions. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals categorized into deal types and its description. It offers critical news analysis of the company’s operations. Recent developments examine the strategic initiatives adopted by the company to undertake growth in the industry. These business strategic initiatives comprise of partnerships/collaborations/agreements, mergers & acquisitions, new product launches and other developments.
 
The report is a compilation of important statistics and facts that brings out a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s strategical and financial welfare. The representation of this information is eased with tables and figures that are valued source of guidance and direction for clients interested in the Exponent  Inc company profile.
 
Exponent  Inc – Strategy and SWOT Report Evaluates:

Corporate and Business Strategies
SWOT Analysis
Financial Filing
Top Deals and Recent Developments

 
REASONS TO PURCHASE: 

Gain understanding of Exponent  Inc and the factors that influence its strategies
Latest corporate news and strategic initiatives of the company
Assess Exponent  Inc as a potential collaborator and supplier
Support sales activities by understanding your customer’s businesses better
Stay up to date on the business structure of Exponent  Inc, its strategy and prospects
Formulate functions such as planning, strategy, marketing, sales and competitive assessment for Exponent  Inc 

 
* Depending on the availability of the data, Table of Contents may change in the final product
* Report Delivery will be done in 24 - 48 hrs once the purchase is finalized
                                     
                                


























1.  Exponent  Inc- Overview
1.1.  Exponent  Inc- Company Summary
1.2.  Exponent  Inc- Key Facts
1.3.  Exponent  Inc- Business Description
1.4.  Exponent  Inc- Key Employees
1.4.1.   Exponent  Inc- Key Employee Biographies
1.5.  Exponent  Inc- Major Products And Services
1.6.  Exponent  Inc- History
1.7.  Exponent  Inc- Locations And Subsidiaries

2.  Exponent  Inc- Analysis
2.1.  Exponent  Inc- Business Summary
2.2.  Exponent  Inc- Corporate Strategy
2.3.  Exponent  Inc- SWOT Analysis
2.3.1.  Exponent  Inc- Strength
2.3.2.   Exponent  Inc- Weakness
2.3.3.   Exponent  Inc- Opportunities
2.3.4.   Exponent  Inc- Threats
2.4.  Exponent  Inc- Key Competitors

3.  Exponent  Inc- Investors Relations
3.1.  Exponent  Inc- Financials And Filing
3.1.1.   Exponent  Inc- Financial Ratios And Statistics
3.1.1.1.  Exponent  Inc- Relative Valuations
3.1.1.2.  Exponent  Inc- Financial Strength
3.1.1.3.  Exponent  Inc- Profitability
3.1.1.4.  Exponent  Inc- Effectiveness
3.1.1.5.  Exponent  Inc- Efficiency
3.2.  Exponent  Inc- Financial Performance

4.  Exponent  Inc Corporate Activity- Financial Deals
4.1.  Exponent  Inc- Financial Deals Overview
4.2.  Exponent  Inc- Partners
4.3.  Exponent  Inc- Advisors
4.4.  Exponent  Inc- Top Deals
4.5.  Exponent  Inc- Mergers And Acquisitions
4.6.  Exponent  Inc- Capital Raising

5.  Exponent  Inc- Recent Developments
5.1.  Exponent  Inc- Recent Developments Overview
5.1.1.   Exponent  Inc- Partnerships/Collaboration/Agreements
5.1.2.   Exponent  Inc- Merger And Acquisitions
5.1.3.   Exponent  Inc- New Product Launch
5.1.4.   Exponent  Inc- Other Developments

6. Appendix
6.1. Contact Us
6.2. Methodology

 Exponent  Inc- List of Table

 Exponent  Inc- Key Facts
 Exponent  Inc- Board Of Directors
 Exponent  Inc- Key Executives Of The Company
 Exponent  Inc- Major Products And Services
 Exponent  Inc- Key Competitors
 Exponent  Inc- Financial Summary
 Exponent  Inc- Relative Valuations
 Exponent  Inc- Financial Strength
 Exponent  Inc- Profitability
 Exponent  Inc- Effectiveness
 Exponent  Inc- Efficiency
 Exponent  Inc- Top Deals
 Exponent  Inc- Partnerships/Collaboration/Agreements
 Exponent  Inc- Merger And Acquisitions
 Exponent  Inc- New Product Launch
 Exponent  Inc- Other Developments

 Exponent  Inc- List of Figures

 Exponent  Inc- SWOT Analysis Of The Company
 Exponent  Inc- Ratio Charts
 Exponent  Inc- Performance Chart
 Exponent  Inc- Capital Raising By Deal Type
 Exponent  Inc- Recent Developments

* Depending on the availability of the data, Table of Contents may change in the final product
* Report Delivery will be done in 24 - 48 hrs once the purchase is finalized
                                         





Related Categories

                                        Consulting                                    
























Get Custom Research at price of Syndicate 


Related Reports
 Adecco S.A. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Adecco S.A. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..




 













 



Exponent Inc (EXPO.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Exponent Inc (EXPO.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsBusiness Support Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				EXPO.O on Nasdaq


				65.05USD
11:37am EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.10


					            (-0.15%)
					        






Prev Close

$65.15


Open

$65.20




Day's High

$65.25


Day's Low

$64.70




Volume

64,099


Avg. Vol

100,522




52-wk High

$68.30


52-wk Low

$48.42












					Full Description



Exponent, Inc. (Exponent), incorporated on May 9, 1989, along with its subsidiaries, is a science and engineering consulting company. Exponent provides engineering and scientific consulting services to clients around the world. Its service offerings are provided on a project-by-project basis. It operates in two segments: Engineering and Other Scientific, and Environmental and Health. Its Engineering and Other Scientific segment includes biomechanics, biomedical engineering, buildings and structures, civil engineering, construction consulting, electrical engineering and computer science, engineering management consulting, human factors, industrial structures, materials and corrosion engineering, mechanical engineering, polymer science and materials chemistry, statistical and data sciences, technology development, thermal sciences and vehicle analysis services. Its Environmental and Health segment includes chemical regulation and food safety; ecological and biological sciences; environmental and earth sciences, and health sciences. Exponent serves clients in automotive, aviation, chemical, construction, consumer products, energy, government, health, insurance, manufacturing and technology, among others.Engineering and Other ScientificThe Company's Biomechanics Practice uses engineering and biomedical science to solve problems at the intersection of biology and engineering. Its Biomedical Engineering Practice applies engineering principles to the medical field, including the evaluation of designs and performance of medical devices and biologics. It assists clients with characterization of cells, tissues, biomaterials and medical devices. The Company provides its services for building systems and components, including finding repair options. It evaluates problems with residential, commercial and industrial structures for insurers, attorneys and owners. Its evaluations include property inspections, testing, engineering analysis and the development of repair recommendations. In addition, it has worked with owners to assess and mitigate the risk of failure associated with hazards such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis and aging infrastructure. It has assessed risks to high-rise buildings, industrial facilities, pipelines and nuclear power plant structures. Its Civil Engineering Practice provides expertise that includes geotechnical engineering, geological engineering, engineering geology, and geology to address a host of geo-failures, including landslides, foundation and retaining wall failures, pipeline failures, dam and levee failures, and construction claims.The Company's Construction Consulting Practice provides project advisory, risk analysis, strategic planning, dispute resolution, delay analysis and financial damages services. Its projects include various sectors of the construction and engineering industry, which includes power plants, transmission and distribution facilities, petrochemical facilities, water treatment plants, bridges and roads, rail systems, tunnels, airports, commercial buildings, institutional buildings, industrial and manufacturing facilities, sporting arenas and gaming facilities. It provides services to firms involved in the engineering and construction industry, including construction owners, lending agencies, engineering and construction contractors, subcontractors, designers, attorneys and insurance carriers. Its Electrical Engineering and Computer Science Practice offers a range of expertise to address issues for industrial, government and private clients. Its power engineers advise and offer guidance to clients on problems relating to electrical systems, including power generation, transmission and distribution. Its computer engineers and scientists work with high-tech industries and computer controlled applications to evaluate product safety and software reliability.The Company's Engineering Management Consulting Practice provides expertise and response to assist clients with management consulting services related to technical issues. Its consultants provide services in the areas of asset strategy, technology strategy, regulatory strategy, asset planning, project management, engineering, construction, maintenance, operations and risk analysis. This practice services the electric and gas utility industries, including transmission, distribution, fossil fuel generation, nuclear generation and renewable generation. Its Human Factors Practice evaluates human performance and safety in product and system use. It also provides support assessing alleged false advertising claims for consumer products, foods and pharmaceuticals. Its Industrial Structures Practice provides planning, assessment, rehabilitation and dismantling analysis of load-bearing structures in four particular areas, such as antenna masts, power plants, buildings and special structures, including refractories or tanks.The Company provides services for a range of facilities, including telecommunications, wind energy and industrial chimneys. Its Materials and Corrosion Engineering Practice provides solutions to clients' materials-based problems. The Company's Polymer Science and Materials Chemistry Practice consults with industrial, government, legal, insurance and individual clients regarding polymers and textiles used in diverse applications as well as chemical aspects of batteries, drug delivery systems, and other products that depend on manufacturing environments. Under Vehicle Analysis, the Company has performed investigations for the automotive, trucking, recreational vehicle, marine, aerospace and rail industries.Environmental and HealthThe Company's Center for Chemical Regulation and Food Safety includes both technical and regulatory specialists dealing with foods, and with pesticide and non-pesticide products, including conventional chemicals, biochemicals, antimicrobials/biocides, and products of biotechnology, cosmetics and industrial chemicals. Its ecological and biological scientists provide support on issues related to natural resources damages associated with chemicals and forest fires, international environmental disputes, ecosystem service assessments for businesses, climate change, ecological risk assessment, ecotoxicology, remediation methods, restoration of wetlands and other natural resources, development projects, resource utilization (mineral mining, oil and gas and wood pulp), genomic assessments, and the use of chemicals and other products in commerce. It offers technical, regulatory and litigation support to industries that include oil and gas, mining and minerals, chemicals, forest products, railroads, aerospace, and trade associations, and to municipal and government clients. The Company's consultants specialize in the areas of environmental fate and transport, environmental chemistry and forensics, hydrogeology, air toxics, modeling and monitoring, water quality and water supply, data analytics, remediation consulting, environmental engineering and waste management, climate impacts, and evaluation of environmental and social risks.

» Full Overview of EXPO.O







					Company Address



Exponent Inc
149 Commonwealth DrMENLO PARK   CA   94025-1133
P: +1650.3269400F: +1302.6555049







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Michael Gaulke

217,500




							 Catherine Corrigan

1,700,260




							 Paul Johnston

2,132,900




							 Richard Schlenker

1,390,340




							 Sally Shepard

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Exponent Inc News




BRIEF-Kodak mobile phone-maker Bullitt in 100 mln stg Exponent sale talks - Sky News

Jul 20 2017 
BRIEF-Exponent Inc's Q2 earnings per share $0.51

Jul 18 2017 
BRIEF-Exponent reports Q1 earnings per share $0.61

Apr 19 2017 
UPDATE 1-DCC picks energy boss as next chief executive

Apr 05 2017 

» More EXPO.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsBusiness Support Services





















Exponent, Inc. - 首頁 | Facebook













Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁關於相片活動貼文社群建立粉絲專頁用戶18 個讚關於Leading engineering and scientific consulting firm providing solutions to complex problemshttp://www.exponent.com/更多大家都按讚的專頁Aphios Corporation生物科技公司AEE Choppers Inc.產品／服務Cryopak公司中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017貼文Exponent, Inc. · 2012年1月20日 · We just published a very interesting health newsletter related to nanotechnology and regulatory issues. Check it out if this is an area that interests you.http://www.exponent.com/files/Uploads/Documents/Newsletters/Health%20News_Vol%2012_2012.pdfexponent.comExponent, Inc. · 2010年12月20日 · Check Us Out!   We think Exponent is one of the most unique and exciting consulting firms. Working here means you will be involved with a variety of projects that span multiple disciplines, applications, and industries. No other company possesses the technical depth and breadth of our staff's experience.  At Exponent, no two work days are alike. Our projects will technically challenge you in ways that you have neveCareers | Exponent"Exponent is recognized as a leader in engineering and scientific consulting services. We have achieved this through our people - our Firm's most important resource. It is therefore critical to Exponent's technical reputation and business success to hire, recognize, and retain highly competent and sexponent.com顯示全部貼文Exponent, Inc. · 2010年12月20日 · Check Us Out!   We think Exponent is one of the most unique and exciting consulting firms. Working here means you will be involved with a variety of projects that span multiple disciplines, applications, and industries. No other company possesses the technical depth and breadth of our staff's experience.  At Exponent, no two work days are alike. Our projects will technically challenge you in ways that you have neveCareers | Exponent"Exponent is recognized as a leader in engineering and scientific consulting services. We have achieved this through our people - our Firm's most important resource. It is therefore critical to Exponent's technical reputation and business success to hire, recognize, and retain highly competent and sexponent.com查看更多




Home | Exponent

































   

 













Celebrating 50 Years


Exponent is a multi-disciplinary engineering and scientific consulting firm that brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve engineering, science, regulatory, and business issues facing our clients.










Some of What We Do:







Accident & Failure Investigation


Our Work
For nearly 50 years, Exponent (formerly Failure Analysis Associates) has been a leader in the investigation, analysis, and prevention of accidents and failures. We are one of the largest consulting firms in the world that has a specialty in failure analysis. We have conducted over a hundred thousand investigations over the years for corporations, insurers, individuals, and their counsel to figure out “what happened?”
Learn More >











Design & Process Evaluation


Our Work
Exponent provides independent, third party design and process safety reviews for clients that are designing, manufacturing, and distributing products. With nearly 50 years of analyzing accidents and failures, our consultants provide a valuable service to companies to address potential product or process risk concerns, construction or manufacturing issues, as well provide supplemental engineering or scientific support services to their design team. We work with companies of all sizes, from start-ups to Fortune 100 companies, to perform services such as mechanical, electrical or structural analyses, testing, materials characterization, product usage, health or environmental risk evaluations, construction management and regulatory support.
Learn More >











Environmental & Health Consulting


Our Work
Exponent’s Environmental and Health consulting groups specialize in timely, high-quality, creative, and practical solutions to problems that affect our clients' ability to conduct business globally. Our scientists, physicians, and regulatory specialists provide unparalleled, interdisciplinary expertise to evaluate the full range of environmental and public health issues that face our nation and the world. These issues include potential environmental and health effects associated with environmental agents, chemicals, consumer products, food safety and nutrition, and pharmaceutical products. Indeed, members of our staff are leaders in developing the risk assessment methodologies that are essential to address the complexities of these issues. Our national and international clients rely on us for incisive and objective assessments that address physical, chemical, and biological phenomena in order to arrive at solutions that can be relied upon to make important decisions.
Learn More >











Product Performance, Safety & Recall


Our Work
Exponent’s team of engineers and scientists provide clients with a comprehensive suite of support services once a product has been put to into the stream of commerce.  Exponent provides support to assist with warranty claims, pro-active product recall, regulatory investigations, or litigation. Our consultants work with clients to respond to regulatory requests and have presented findings in front of the major U.S. regulatory bodies, including the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Our approach is focused on the robustness of the product related to particular safety concerns, so that if and when a failure occurs, it will occur safely. 
Learn More >











Industrial & Occupational Safety


Our Work
Whether it involves workers in your facility or the people in the neighboring community, safety is paramount in a company’s operational plan.  Exponent’s scientists and engineers work hand-in-hand with the company's environmental health and safety (EHS) team to evaluate human and environmental risks as well as provide emergency response when events or incidents occur.
Learn More >











Regulatory Compliance


Our Work
Exponent provides scientific support to assist clients comply with federal, state, and international laws, regulations, guidelines, and specifications relevant to the products or processes that they develop. We provide timely, high-quality, creative, and practical solutions to regulatory issues affecting our clients' ability to conduct business globally. Our experienced staff includes both technical and regulatory consultants who are experienced in dealing with U.S. and international regulatory agencies. Our consultants work with clients across the product life cycle, from early phase development to post-market programs. We have presented findings in front of the major U.S. regulatory organizations, including the Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) as well as regulatory bodies in the EU, Asia, and Canada.
Learn More >











Research & Technology Development


Our Work
Exponent works with commercial and governmental entities of all sizes on their technology development and research challenges. The breadth and depth of our highly degreed professionals is constantly being refreshed by recruits from the top universities around the world. This stream of talent allows us to maintain a deep and current knowledge base of leading technologies, cutting edge health, environmental and engineering research, and novel testing techniques that we can bring to bear on our clients’ hardest challenges. Similarly, our strong ties and experience across a broad range of industries puts us in a unique position to assemble cross-domain teams and leverage our independent research and technologies proven in one domain and apply them to our clients’ benefit in another. Where appropriate, our consultants publish research in peer-reviewed journals and present findings at national or international scientific venues.
Learn More >











Risk & Engineering Management


Our Work
Exponent helps clients address risks that are technical in nature and where it is critical to have a deep understanding of business issues, scientific and technical issues, and how they relate to each other. As such, many of our consultants have engineering, health, environmental, construction, and business expertise. We routinely address issues such as risk management, asset management, reliability planning, technology planning, business planning, business operations, construction management, capital budgeting, and economic analysis. 
Learn More >






VIEW MORE







                            Industry Spotlight: {{spotlightName}}
Additional Spotlights


Life Sciences & Healthcare
Chemical
Oil & Gas
Construction & Infrastructure


{{spotlightTitle}}





50th Anniversary Feature
Transportation:  Off-Road Riders












Alert: 
Are You Ready for Proposition 65 Changes in 2018?









Publication: 
Therapeutic Radiation for Lymphoma and Risk of Second Primary Malignant Mesothelioma









Alert: 
House Committee Passes the Self Drive Act


















About Us | About Us | Exponent

































   

 











                About Us
            



                Corporate Officers and Senior Fellows
            



                Our History
            



                Well-Known Investigations
            

 

















The Exponent name is recognized for its integrity, objectivity, independence, and professionalism.  Our corporate core values drive a commitment to client service that enables us to provide consistently high quality work to clients worldwide.   For 50 years we have provided engineering, scientific, environmental and health consulting services to corporations, insurance carriers, government agencies, law firms and individuals. The firm has been best known for analyzing accidents and failures to determine their causes, but in recent years it has become more active in assisting clients with human health, environmental, engineering and regulatory issues associated with new products or processes to help prevent problems in the future.  

Our multidisciplinary organization of scientists, physicians, engineers, and regulatory consultants brings together more than 90 technical disciplines to address complicated issues facing industry and government today. We employ the best and the brightest from the major academic institutions around the world as well as technical specialists from a variety of industries. Over 50% of our staff hold a Ph.D. or M.D. in their chosen field of study. 

With its roots in Silicon Valley, Exponent has offices located in the United States, Europe and China.


Our Firm







Our Leadership




Exponent's senior leadership team is comprised of individuals that have made significant contributions not only to the firm, but also to the scientific community and in business. Most have had successful careers as practicing engineers and scientists at Exponent, other consulting firms, major corporations, government, and academic institutions.
Corporate Officers and Senior Fellows







Mission and Vision



Our Mission:
Exponent is a multi-disciplinary firm whose mission is:



to provide clients with objective solutions for their important science, engineering, and business problems
by attracting, developing, exciting, and rewarding exceptional people
that will build shareholder value



Our Vision: 
Exponent’s vision is to engage the brightest scientists and engineers to empower clients with solutions for a safe, healthy, sustainable and technologically advanced world.






Exponent is traded on the NASDAQ exchange (stock symbol EXPO).  Please visit our Investor Relations page for specific information on the financial performance of the firm.  
For a current stock quote and summary data, click here.


Investor Relations







Our History







Failure Analysis Associates (FaAA) was founded in Palo Alto, California, in 1967 when three professors from Stanford University and two engineers from Stanford Research Institute (SRI) decided to pioneer a new field - investigating how and why failures and accidents occur. FaAA initially provided engineering expertise to the legal and insurance industry. In the 1970’s, the Company continued to expand its accident investigation services while also responding to the increased engineering requirements of the utility and nuclear power industries. In the 1980’s, the Company added new engineering and science disciplines including civil engineering, structural engineering, electrical engineering, biomechanics, data analysis/statistics, human factors and visual communication services. We were well-known and respected for our independent investigations on some of world's biggest engineering accidents and failures and we expanded our office footprint outside of California.
Read More
 
 






Exponent has worked on a number of well-known investigations over its nearly 50 years in business. Many of these projects have been featured in print, cable or on-line. Click here to learn more about these investigations.


Well-Known Investigations







ISO Certification and GSA Information




Quality. The hallmark of Exponent services. 


To confirm our commitment to quality, Exponent's quality management system is independently assessed against the most recognized and comprehensive international standard for quality management systems, ISO 9001. We are proud to say that the quality management system at Exponent successfully complies with the ISO 9001:2008 standard; the ISO 17025:2005 standard; US Code of Federal Regulations, Title 10, Part 50, Appendix B; US Code of Federal Regulations, Title 10, Part 21; and the respective advertising policy for each registration, accreditation, approval, etc. 
Click here for a PDF version of Exponent's certificate of registration to ISO 9001. 




U.S. General Services Administration (GSA)
Schedule Type: Professional Engineering Services (PES)




FSC Group:  871 
Contract Number: GS-23F-0390K
Contractor Period: 8/17/2005 - 8/16/2020
Contractor Name: Exponent, Inc. 
Address: 149 Commonwealth Drive, Menlo Park, CA 94025 
Phone Number: (650) 326-9400 
Fax Number: (650) 326-8072 
Website: www.exponent.com 



Contact for Contract Administration: 

Sue Lawless
Business Manager 
Exponent, Inc. 
15375 SE 30th Place, Suite 250 
Bellevue, WA 98007 
Tel. (425) 519-8700 

Payment Address:  Exponent, Inc., PO Box 200283, Dept. 002, Dallas, TX 75320-0283 

Business Size: Large
















Exponent, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:38 PM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of Exponent, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Exponent, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a science and engineering consulting company worldwide. Its services include analysis of product development, product recall, regulatory compliance, and the discovery of potential problems related to products, people, property, and impending litigation. The company operates in two segments, Engineering and Other Scientific, and Environmental and Health. The Engineering and Other Scientific segment provides services in the areas of biomechanics, biomedical engineering, buildings and structures, civil engineering, construction consulting, electrical engineering and computer science, engineering management consulting, human factors, in...
Exponent, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a science and engineering consulting company worldwide. Its services include analysis of product development, product recall, regulatory compliance, and the discovery of potential problems related to products, people, property, and impending litigation. The company operates in two segments, Engineering and Other Scientific, and Environmental and Health. The Engineering and Other Scientific segment provides services in the areas of biomechanics, biomedical engineering, buildings and structures, civil engineering, construction consulting, electrical engineering and computer science, engineering management consulting, human factors, industrial structures, materials and corrosion engineering, mechanical engineering, polymer science and materials chemistry, statistical and data sciences, technology development, thermal sciences, and vehicle analysis. The Environmental and Health segment offers services in the areas of chemical regulation and food safety, ecological and biological sciences, environmental and earth sciences, and health sciences. The company offers approximately 90 different technical disciplines to solve complicated issues facing industry and government. It serves clients in chemical, construction, consumer products, energy, food, beverage and nutrition, government, life sciences, insurance, manufacturing, technology, industrial equipment, transportation, and other sectors of the economy. The company was formerly known as The Failure Group, Inc. and changed its name to Exponent, Inc. in 1998. Exponent, Inc. was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Menlo Park, California.
Detailed Description


149 Commonwealth DriveMenlo Park, CA 94025United StatesFounded in 19671,023 Employees



Phone: 650-326-9400

Fax: 650-326-8072

www.exponent.com







Key Executives for Exponent, Inc.




Dr. Paul R. Johnston Ph.D., P.E.


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 63
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.1M








Dr. Catherine Ford Corrigan Ph.D., P.E.


      	President
      


Age: 48
        

Total Annual Compensation: $851.3K








Mr. Richard L. Schlenker Jr.


      	Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Corporate Secretary
      


Age: 51
        

Total Annual Compensation: $735.0K








Dr. Robert D. Caligiuri Ph.D., P.E., FASM


      	Corporate Vice President of Materials & Corrosion Engineering and Principal Engineer
      


Age: 65
        

Total Annual Compensation: $785.0K








Dr. Paul D. Boehm Ph.D.


      	Corporate Vice President of Environmental & Health Sciences and Principal Scientist
      


Age: 68
        

Total Annual Compensation: $680.4K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Exponent, Inc. Key Developments

Exponent, Inc. Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend, Payable on September 22, 2017
Jul 18 17
Exponent, Inc. announced that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.21 per share of common stock to be paid on September 22, 2017 to all common stockholders of record as of September 1, 2017. Exponent has paid, and expects to continue to pay, quarterly dividends each year in March, June, September and December. Future declarations of quarterly dividends and the establishment of future record and payment dates are subject to the final determination of Exponent's Board of Directors.


Exponent, Inc. Reports Unaudited Earnings Results for the Second Quarter and Six Months Ended June 30, 2017; Provides Revenue Guidance for the Full Year of 2017
Jul 18 17
Exponent, Inc. reported unaudited consolidated earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported total revenues increased by 14% year over year and revenues before reimbursements increased 15% year over year. Total revenues were $87,840,000 as compared to $77,295,000 in the second quarter one year ago and revenues before reimbursements were $84,120,000 as compared to $73,334,000 last year. Net income was $13,791,000, an increase of 32% as compared to $10,453,000 in the same period of 2016. Earnings per diluted share were $0.51, as compared to $0.38 in the second quarter of last year. EBITDA increased by 32% to $23,711,000 as compared to $18,030,000 in the same period one year ago. Operating income was $20,317,000 against $14,931,000 a year ago. Income before income taxes was $22,348,000 against $16,677,000 a year ago. 

For the period, the company reported total revenues increased 7% year over year and revenues before reimbursements increased 8% year over year. Total revenues were $171,962,000 as compared to $160,451,000 in the same period of 2016 and revenues before reimbursements were $164,587,000 as compared to $152,284,000 last year. Net income was $30,367,000, or $1.13 per diluted share, in the first half of 2017 as compared to $25,803,000, or $0.95 per diluted share, in the same period of 2016. EBITDA in the first half of 2017 increased 15% to $42,453,000 as compared to $37,028,000 in the same period one year ago. Operating income was $34,951,000 against $31,367,000 a year ago. Income before income taxes was $39,758,000 against $34,411,000 a year ago.

The company is increasing 2017 expectations to reflect Exponent’s strong performance in the first half of the year and its expectations for near-term market trends.  The company expects 2017 revenues before reimbursements to grow in the mid- to high-single digits.


Exponent, Inc., Q2 2017 Earnings Call, Jul 18, 2017
Jun 6 17
Exponent, Inc., Q2 2017 Earnings Call, Jul 18, 2017


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1-2-3 Payroll & HR Services, Inc. United States 120 Water Audit, LLC United States 123College.com, Inc. United States 13D Research LLC United States 1410 Partners, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Exponent, Inc., please visit www.exponent.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Exponent Inc. (via Public) / Annual Product Safety and Liability Conference



























                        Hello .
                    


 Taiwan 







News


International News


Education


Environment


Healthcare


Technology


Internet




Science


Social and Non-Profit


Local News




Politicsand Policy


Government


Politics


Local Government


International Policy




Businessand Economy


Economy


Finance


Stock Markets




Jobs and Labor


Company News


Industry News


Aerospace


Agriculture


Chemicals


Commodities


Construction


Consumer Electronics


Defense


Energy


Nuclear Energy


Oil and Gas


Renewable Energy




Financial Services


Banking


Insurance




Fishing and Aquaculture


Manufacturing


Information Technology


Metals and Mining


Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology


Real Estate


Professional and Business Services


Legal




Telecommunications


Tobacco


Retail


Transportation


Air Transportation


Maritime Transportation


Rail Transportation


Road Transportation




Utilities


Forestry and Wood Industry






Artsand Culture


Art


Books and Literature


Entertainment


Cinema


Media


Radio and Television




Music






Lifestyleand Leisure


Automotive


Home and Garden


Fashion and Luxury


Clothing and Textile




Food


Travel and Hospitality


Boating and Yachting




Sports


Baseball


Basketball


Boxing


Cricket


Cycling


Football (American)


Football (Australian)


Football (Soccer)


Golf


Hockey


Racing


Rugby


Sailing


Skiing and Winter Sports


Tennis


Volleyball











noodls browser compatibility check

The security settings of your browser are blocking the execution of scripts.
To use noodls, javascript support must be enabled. Please change your browser's security settings to enable javascript.
If you have changed your browser's security settings, you can click here.






related announcements
Company News


Sun Chemical Corporation
Sun Chemical to Display Wide Range of Narrow Web, Tag, and Label[...]


TBS - Turner Broadcasting Systems Inc.
Turner Sports to Offer its Most Comprehensive PGA Championship Coverage[...]


Finn Partners
Via Email


More
Professional and Business Services


Frost & Sullivan Limited
Frost & Sullivan North America Summit Navigates Imminent Digital[...]


United States Senate Democrats
2 votes @ 12:05pm–Brouillette nom, 10 minutes of debate, passage of FDA


Porzio, Bromberg & Newman PC
Joseph Paparo Joins Porzio as Principal in the Real Estate Practice Group


More











search






















Exponent Inc.



27/07/2016 | Press release | Distributed by Public on 26/07/2016 07:07
Annual Product Safety and Liability Conference








        Exponent will be presenting at the 12th Annual IPSLP Product Safety, Recall & Product Liability Prevention Conference. The conference will be held in Chicago on July 27 through July 28. The annual gathering will bring together a cast of leading experts for two days of presentations of key interest to manufacturing management.
      

        Dr. David Cades will be presenting, 'Human Factors Considerations in Product Safety & Liability.' His presentation will discuss:
      



          Warning effectiveness
        

          Human factors' role in product recall and corrective action planning
        

          Utilizing human factors proactively in product testing and design
        

          Examples from various domains: medical, automotive, consumer product
        


        Dr. Robert Giachetti will be presenting, 'Corrective Action Plans: From Start to Finish.' His presentation will discuss:
      



          Working hand-in-hand: engineers to attorneys
        

          Root cause identification
        

          Developing and evaluating the corrective action
        

          Deploying the corrective action
        


        For more information, please visit the event website. 
      













Sharing and Personal Tools

Please select the service you want to use:

Newsvine
Digg
Delicious
StumbleUpon
Technorati
Buzz
Favorites
Google Reader





Public link

Please use the above public link if you want to share this noodl on another website.


Close





Smartlinks
| Exponent Inc.
| Company News
| Business Announcements
| Professional and Business Services
| Management Consulting
| Consulting Firms
| Nasdaq
| Börse Frankfurt




 Back


 View original format











Copyright ©2006-2017 Public Technologies Inc.  | 
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Contact









Exponent, Inc.














































 










Sign In
Register













BROWSE BY

  
      Choose One of Three Ways to Browse:
      

1By Products:



ALL
Cable
Control
End-of-Arm Tooling
Industrial Robots
Motors & Drive
Other Accessory Equipment
Packaging & Palletizing
Safety Equipment
Software
Conveyors
Camera
Mobile Robots
Food and Beverage
Pharmaceutical
Education
Robot Cable Management / Dress Components








2By Companies:



Supplier
Integrator
Educator
Consultant








3By Services:



ALL
Connectioneering
Conveyors
Deburring
Emergency Management
Food and Beverage
Integration Services
Machine Vision Systems
Marketing & Sales
Personnel Search & Recruitment
Pharmaceutical
Repair/Refurbish
Researchers
Safety
Trade Journals
Training







[ CLOSE ]







RIA & YOU

About RIA

Become a Member

Meet New Members

Who's Who

School and Corporate Sponsors

Advertise

Subscribe to Our Newsletter



ROBOTIC RESOURCES

Free Resources

ROI Calculator

Beginners Guide

Ask The Experts

Industry Statistics

Engelberger Robotics Awards

Online Store

News

Industry News
New Product News
Industry Statistics
Newsletter


Education

Collaborative Robots White Paper
RIA Safety Training
Webinars
Archived Webinars
Industry Insights
Tech Papers
Case Studies
Editorials
Robotics STEM Education Infographic


Videos

Career Center



UPCOMING EVENTS

Robot Safety & Risk Assessment Training Seminar - Ann Arbor

National Robot Safety Conference

Collaborative Robots & Advanced Vision Conference

View All Upcoming Events



Webinars

Robot Safety Standards Update

Robotic Simulation Software

Optimizing Your Robotic Welding Process

Connecting your Factory to Robotics

Mobile and Autonomous Robots Update

View Webinar Archives



SAFETY & Standards

Safety Resources

Robot Safety Resources
Robot Safety Standards Documents 
Robot Safety Training Seminars
In-House Safety Training
Safety Webinars 
Safety Webinar Archives 


Standards

Global Robot Standards
Subscribe to our Standards Newsletter
View Standards Newsletter Archives
Participate in a Committee
Upcoming Standards Meetings




INTEGRATOR CERTIFICATION

Become Certified

Meet the Certified Integrators

Why Use A Certified Integrator

About the Program

Certified Integrator Testimonials



BECOME A MEMBER



BLOG














Font Size:
A
A
A


COMPANY PROFILE



Exponent, Inc.
CA, 

United StatesTel: (650) 688-7104Fax: 

(650) 688-7231
www.exponent.com

Click Here to Contact





Member Since 2016
Robotic Consultant






Member Since 2016
Robotic Consultant

Exponent is a multi-disciplinary engineering and scientific consulting firm that brings together more than 90 different disciplines to solve important engineering, science, regulatory, and business issues facing our clients. We are recognized for our integrity, objectivity, independence, and professionalism. For nearly 50 years, we have provided high quality consulting to corporations, insurance carriers, government agencies, and law firms worldwide. The firm originated analyzing accidents and failures to determine their causes, but has since expanded to include assisting with engineering, design, and regulatory analysis during the development of new products or processes. Our consultants are preeminent experts in their fields, and over 50% of our staff have a Ph.D. or M.D. With its roots in Silicon Valley, Exponent has offices located in the United States, Europe and China. 

Visit Website
Click Here to Contact






Choose a Section: 

Make a Selection
Products Services




Products Services




Services



REQUEST QUOTE



REQUEST QUOTE















RFQ




Engineering Consulting
robots and automation





 REQUEST QUOTE















JOIN OUR MAILING LIST and Get the Latest Robotics News!



Enter E-mail Address:  








Copyright © 2008-2017 Robotic Industries Association

900 Victors Way, Suite 140, Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA 48108

T: (734) 994-6088 - F: (734) 994-3338
https://www.robotics.org/images/ria/logo.png
https://www.robotics.org


RIA & You
Resources
Events
Webinars
Safety
Certification
Join
Blog

Website Design and Development by AIMG. | Site Map | Privacy Statement | Online Terms of Use


Visit our other association websites

















RIA & YOU

RIA & YOU
About RIA

Become a Member

Meet New Members

Who's Who

School and Corporate Sponsors

Advertise

Subscribe to Our Newsletter



ROBOTIC RESOURCES

ROBOTIC RESOURCES
Free Resources

ROI Calculator

Beginners Guide

Ask The Experts

Industry Statistics

Engelberger Robotics Awards

Online Store

News

Industry News
New Product News
Industry Statistics
Newsletter


Education

Collaborative Robots White Paper
RIA Safety Training
Webinars
Archived Webinars
Industry Insights
Tech Papers
Case Studies
Editorials
Robotics STEM Education Infographic


Videos

Career Center



UPCOMING EVENTS

UPCOMING EVENTS
Robot Safety & Risk Assessment Training Seminar - Ann Arbor

National Robot Safety Conference

Collaborative Robots & Advanced Vision Conference

View All Upcoming Events



Webinars

Webinars
Robot Safety Standards Update

Robotic Simulation Software

Optimizing Your Robotic Welding Process

Connecting your Factory to Robotics

Mobile and Autonomous Robots Update

View Webinar Archives



SAFETY & Standards

SAFETY & Standards
Safety Resources

Robot Safety Resources
Robot Safety Standards Documents 
Robot Safety Training Seminars
In-House Safety Training
Safety Webinars 
Safety Webinar Archives 


Standards

Global Robot Standards
Subscribe to our Standards Newsletter
View Standards Newsletter Archives
Participate in a Committee
Upcoming Standards Meetings




INTEGRATOR CERTIFICATION

INTEGRATOR CERTIFICATION
Become Certified

Meet the Certified Integrators

Why Use A Certified Integrator

About the Program

Certified Integrator Testimonials



BECOME A MEMBER

BECOME A MEMBER


BLOG

BLOG












Browse by Product:


ALL
Cable
Control
End-of-Arm Tooling
Industrial Robots
Motors & Drive
Other Accessory Equipment
Packaging & Palletizing
Safety Equipment
Software
Conveyors
Camera
Mobile Robots
Food and Beverage
Pharmaceutical
Education
Robot Cable Management / Dress Components






Browse by Company:

Supplier
Integrator
Educator
Consultant




Browse by Services:


ALL
Connectioneering
Conveyors
Deburring
Emergency Management
Food and Beverage
Integration Services
Machine Vision Systems
Marketing & Sales
Personnel Search & Recruitment
Pharmaceutical
Repair/Refurbish
Researchers
Safety
Trade Journals
Training







































Home - Exponential



















































































 
 
















Exponential





























 








REAL AUDIENCES 
		

INTELLIGENTLY CONNECT WITH MORE THAN 700M USERS GLOBALLY 
		

ACROSS DESKTOP AND MOBILE 
		

LEARN MORE











REAL ENGAGEMENT 
		

CREATE COMPELLING BRAND EXPERIENCES WITH 
		

USER-CENTRIC VIDEO AD FORMATS 
		

LEARN MORE











REAL PERFORMANCE 
		

OPTIMIZE AD EFFECTIVENESS BASED UPON A 
		

DEEPER UNDERSTANDING OF ALL USER INTERACTIONS 
		

LEARN MORE



 




 











TwitterFacebookLinkedInYouTube



   





United StatesAustraliaCanadaFranceGermanyHong KongIndiaJordanMalaysia MexicoNetherlandsNew ZealandSaudi ArabiaSingaporeSpainSouth AfricaThailandU.A.E.United Kingdom 










 

 For Advertisers We help brands transform the way they interact with audiences across desktop and mobile.
LEARN MORE


 For Publishers We help Publishers maximize the value of their digital media assets at global scale.
LEARN MORE

 

Our Partners




 

Latest News 




Exponential’s Nicole Liebmann featured on Malaysia’s Business Radio BFM 89.9FM 

		July 11, 2017	

Nicole Liebmann, Head of Mobile for APAC and South Africa at Exponential is responsible for leading the revenue and operations for the company’s mobile solutions. Nicole shares four mobile campaigns by Exponential as case studies on the new way of mobile engagement.

 



Exponential’s Director of Creative Strategy Jason Bercovici published in Advertising Week on Short-Form vs. Long-Form Video 

		July 5, 2017	

For marketers, deciding between short-form and long-form video has been challenging. On one hand, consumers have short attention spans, and on the other, studies have shown that longer video can perform better. Both short and long formats have value. When deciding between the two, marketers should first consider the goal of the campaign.

 



Exponential’s Director of Creative Strategy Jason Bercovici featured in Huffington Post on Short-Form vs. Long-Form Video 

		July 5, 2017	

For marketers, deciding between short-form and long-form video has been challenging. On one hand, consumers have short attention spans, and on the other, studies have shown that longer video can perform better. Both short and long formats have value. When deciding between the two, marketers should first consider the goal of the campaign.

 




Latest Blog Posts





“New Way of Mobile Engagement” (BFM 89.9FM Interview)

July 20, 2017

Podcast interview with Nicole Liebmann, Head of  Mobile for APAC and South Africa at Exponential, as originally featured on Malaysia’s BFM 89.






Listen: DMN One on One Podcast ft. Bryan Melmed

July 07, 2017

As originally published on DMN.






Long vs. short form video: considerations for marketers

July 05, 2017

As originally published in Advertising Week’s AW 360 and Huffington Post.






 

Latest Tweets 

Tour Southeast & North Asia with Exponential's Singapore, Hong Kong, Thailand & Malaysia offices:… https://t.co/Ke7ICseoN4
19 Jul 2017 - 04:45 pm


Listen in on our Head of Mobile, N Liebmann's interview with @BFMradio on the "NEW WAY OF MOBILE ENGAGEMENT" here:… https://t.co/IjDrsij399
19 Jul 2017 - 12:59 am


RT @KimDavis_: Latest podcast: Great candid discussion with Bryan Melmed of @exponentialinc on better ad experiences. https://t.co/0Qpu79df…
07 Jul 2017 - 07:18 pm


Listen now - "One on One: Bryan Melmed on a Better, More Relevant Ad Experience" https://t.co/14i8lnQ8lF @dmnews @pixelvisions  @KimDavis_
07 Jul 2017 - 07:16 pm



  

  We can find your perfect audience and enable you to reach them across display, video and mobile media, at global scale.  Contact Us 

 













 









Name *
 
Email *
 
Company Name 
 
Region 
Select region...North AmericaSouth AmericaEuropeAfricaSouth East & North AsiaIndiaMiddle EastAustralia/New Zealand 
Type of Inquiry 
Please select...AdvertisersPublishersPressHiringInvestmentOther
Message
 
Please leave this field empty.


CONTACT US  
 




 



























