     Bankrate.com - Compare mortgage, refinance, insurance, CD rates                    ADVERTISEMENT                Mortgages     Compare Lenders   Mortgage rates   Refinance rates   Home equity loan rates   Compare mortgage rates   Mortgage lender reviews       Use Calculators   Mortgage calculator   How much house can you afford   Mortgage refinance calculator   Mortgage payment calculator   Amortization calculator   Cost of living calculator       Get Advice   Veteran Homebuyer Central   Real estate center   Refinance center   Home equity center   How to buy a home   How to refinance your mortgage   Understand closing costs   Which mortgage is right for you?   Tips for first time homebuyers   Understanding FHA loans   Home Hacker blog            Banking     Compare Accounts   CD rates   Savings rates   Money market rates   Checking accounts       Use Calculators   Savings calculator   CD calculator   CD ladder calculator   Compound savings calculator       Get Advice   Money market account vs. savings account   How to find the best debit card   Bank ratings and reviews   Power Up blog            Credit Cards     Compare Cards   Balance transfer   0% APR   Cash back   Airline   Rewards   Business       Use Calculators   Credit card payoff calculator   Debt-to-income ratio calculator   Balance transfer calculator   Debt consolidation calculator       Get Advice   How to get out of debt   How to improve credit score   Getting a credit card with bad credit   Balance transfer pros and cons   Card Shark blog       Reviews   Best rewards credit cards   Best travel credit cards   Best balance transfer credit cards   Best cash back credit cards   Best businesss credit card   Best low interest credit cards         Auto     Compare Lenders   Auto loans       Use Calculators   Auto loan calculator   Early payoff calculator       Get Advice   How to lease a car   Car loans for bad credit   Refinance your car   How to get the best auto loan rates         Loans     Compare Lenders   Personal loans   Personal loans for debt consolidation   Personal loans for bad credit   Student loans   Home improvement loans       Use Calculators   Loan calculator   Student loan calculator   Mortgage payoff calculator   Personal loan calculator       Get Advice   How to get a personal loan   Paying off student loans   How to pay for home improvements   Managing debt   How to pay off student loans   How to get a home equity loan   Student loans center       Personal Loan Reviews   Lending Club review   LendUp review   OneMain Financial review   Prosper review   SoFi review   Avant review         Investing     Compare Rates   CD rates   IRA CD rates   Online brokers for stock trading       Use Calculators   Investment calculator   Return on investment calculator   Annuity calculator   Retirement plan calculator   401(K) retirement calculator   Roth IRA calculator       Get Advice   Retirement center   Saving for your child's college   Creating passive income   Mutual fund vs. ETF   Roth IRA vs. tradtitional IRA   When can I retire?   Wealth Builder blog            Taxes     Learn   2016-2017 tax brackets   State tax rates   Tax forms       Use Calculators   Earned Income Tax Credit calculator   1040 income tax calculator   What is your tax bracket?       Get Advice   Tracking down your tax refund   Tax tips for new homeowners   10 often overlooked tax breaks   States with no income tax: Better or Worse               Free credit report   myBankrate     open                      We help you find and compare rates           Mortgage Loans            Auto Loans            CD Rates            Savings / Checking            Credit Cards            Personal Loans         What type of loan?     Refinance     Purchase     Home Equity             Back           Mortgage Loans         How long of a term?     30-year fixed refi     20-year fixed refi     15-year fixed refi     10-year fixed refi     See all             Back           Mortgage Loans         How long of a term?     30-year fixed     20-year fixed     15-year fixed     10-year fixed     See all             Back           Mortgage Loans         What type of loan?      Home Equity Loan     Line of Credit              Back           Mortgage Loans         What type of loan?      Purchase     Refinance              Back           Auto Loans         What type of account?      Savings / Money Market     Checking              Back           Savings / Checking         What type of account?      MMA and Savings Accounts     10k minimum deposit     25k minimum deposit     100k minimum deposit              Back           Savings / Checking         What type of account?     Interest checking     Non-interest checking     Internet-based checking             Back           Savings / Checking         How do you want to search?      Card Type     Credit Score              Back           Credit Cards         What do you care about most?      0% APR   Balance Transfer   Cash Back   Travel & Airline   Rewards   Low Interest   Gas   Business               Back           Credit Cards         What is your credit rating?      Excellent     Good     Fair     Bad              Back           Credit Cards         What is the purpose of your loan?      Debt Consolidation     Home Improvement     Major Purchase     Other              Back           Personal Loans           Popular Calculators   See all calculators      Mortgage Calculator    Estimate monthly payments on your current or next house.      Auto Calculator    Determine how much car you can afford.      Amortization Calculator    Determine how much of your payment goes towards principal versus interest.      Savings Calculator    Calculate your investment growth over time.         Daily National Rates   As of August 3                                                   Calculator      Calculate your monthly mortgage payment.    Mortgage Calculator                         Calculator      Calculate your monthly mortgage payment.    Mortgage Calculator                         Calculator      Use this CD calculator to find out how much interest is earned on a certificate of deposit (CD).    CD Calculator                         Calculator      Use this free simple savings calculator to estimate your investment growth over time.    Simple Savings Calculator                         Calculator      Use this car payment calculator to estimate monthly payments on your next new or used auto loan.    Auto Loan Calculator                  ADVERTISEMENT       You can achieve your financial goals. We can help.  Bankrate is the leading personal finance destination for unparalleled tools, rates, products and advice.  Learn more about Bankrate      Save for Retirement               Top 10 retirement-saving tips             6 surprising IRA investment options             IRA investing for beginners: First steps          Build Credit               7 ways to improve your credit score             5 credit card mistakes to avoid             7 steps to clean up your credit report          Pay Off Your Debts               6 ways to pay off credit card debt             7 strategies to get out of debt             Should you pay down debt or save          Buy a Car               10 car-buying tips from insiders             6 most dependable SUVs             Cars with low cost of ownership          Purchase a Home               Anxious about mortgage process? Start here             7 crucial facts about FHA loans             5 first-time homebuyer mistakes          Refinance Your Home               When to refinance your mortgage             5 ways and reasons to refinance your mortgage             What to know about refinancing your mortgage            ADVERTISEMENT        Get your free credit report without impacting your score  Monitor your credit report without negatively affecting your credit.           Totally Free        Safe and Secure        400,000+ Members     Learn More   Get Started                   


Bankrate - Wikipedia






















 






Bankrate

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search










For the economic feature, see bank rate.


Bankrate, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: RATE


Industry
Internet


Founded
1976


Headquarters
New York City, New York, U.S.



Area served

U.S., Canada, China



Key people

Kenneth Esterow, President and CEO


Revenue
 US $457.2 million (2012)[1]



Number of employees

384[2]


Website
Bankrate.com


Bankrate, Inc. is a consumer financial services company based in New York City. Bankrate.com, perhaps its best-known brand, is a personal finance website.



Contents


1 History
2 Services
3 Honors
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Bankrate was founded in 1976 as a print publisher of the "Bank Rate Monitor."[2] In 1996, the company began moving its business online.[2] Today, Bankrate, Inc.'s online network includes Bankrate.com as well as CreditCards.com, Caring.com, Interest.com, Bankaholic.com, Mortgage-calc.com, CreditCardGuide.com, ThePointsGuy.com, Bankrate.com.cn, CreditCards.ca, NetQuote.com, CD.com, Walla.by and Quizzle. The online network received over 150 million visits in 2010.[2] In January 2011, Bankrate completed the acquisition of Trouve Media. In December 2011, Bankrate completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of InsWeb Corporation for $65 million in cash.[4] In March 2012, Bankrate acquired InsuranceAgents.com.[5]
After spending 10 years as a public company traded on the NASDAQ, Bankrate was acquired in 2009 by Apax Partners in a transaction valued at approximately $571 million.[6]
In June 2011, Bankrate raised a total of $300 million in gross proceeds with a successful Initial Public Offering on the New York Stock Exchange.[7] In December 2011, Bankrate priced a secondary offering of 12.5 million shares at $17.50 per share.[8] Kenneth S. Esterow was appointed Bankrate's President and Chief Executive Officer in January 2014, having previously served as Senior Vice President – Chief Operating Officer from September 2013 to December 2013.[9]
Services[edit]




The New York Stock Exchange on June 17, 2011, when Bankrate's shares were listed.


Since the beginning, Bankrate has provided information about interest rates. Beginning in 2004, Bankrate also began offering financial education content, insurance quotes, and credit card offers.[10]
One of Bankrate's reports in 2014 determined the costs of car ownership in each state, taking into account the costs of gas and insurance, among other factors. The data suggested that Wyoming is the most expensive state in the nation to own a car.[11]
Honors[edit]
The National Association of Real Estate Editors in 2014 named Bankrate's Mortgage blog the winner of its Best Blog and Best Column awards. In October 2012, Advertising Age ranked Bankrate as the fifth fastest-growing media company.[12] Bankrate's "Financial Regulation, One Year Later" package earned a 2012 "Best in Business" award from the Society of American Business Editors and Writers (SABEW).[13] Bankrate won two SABEW Awards in 2011: Holden Lewis' mortgage blog and Bankrate's explanatory series on financial reform were honored.[14] Bankrate writers have won awards from the Society of Professional Journalists several times, most recently in 2007 for their coverage of the Federal Reserve Open Market Committee's rate cut.[15] In 2008, Forbes named Bankrate #41 in its list of America's 200 Best Small Companies.[16] Forbes previously had honored the website in its "Best of the Web" series five times between 1999 and 2004.[17]
References[edit]


^ "Bankrate Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2012 Financial Results". Retrieved 2013-02-12. 
^ a b c d "Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 Registration Statement Under the Securities Act of 1933". Retrieved 2012-02-07. 
^ "Bankrate Inc.". BusinessWeek. The McGraw-Hill Companies. Retrieved 2008-11-29. 
^ "Bankrate, Inc. Completes Acquisition of Insurance Lead Generation and Marketing Assets of InsWeb Corporation". Retrieved 2012-02-04. 
^ "Bankrate Buys Columbus Leads Generator InsuranceAgents.com". Retrieved 2012-05-11. 
^ "Bankrate, Inc. Agrees to be Acquired by Apax Partners for $28.50 Per Share in Cash" (Press release). Bankrate, Inc. July 22, 2009. 
^ "Bankrate, Inc. Celebrates Initial Public Offering and First Day of Trading on the New York Stock Exchange" (Press release). New York Stock Exchange. June 17, 2011. 
^ "Bankrate, Inc. Announces Pricing of Secondary Offering" (Press release). Bankrate, Inc. December 6, 2011. 
^ "PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934". April 30, 2014. Archived from the original on 2015-03-27. 
^ "How Bankrate Became a Financial Data Juggernaut". BadCredit.org. Retrieved 26 June 2017. 
^ Chokshi, Niraj. "Map: The most expensive state to be a car owner is … Wyoming?". www.washingtonpost.com. The Washington Post. Retrieved 12 August 2014. 
^ "Your Guide to the Leading Media Companies 2012". SABEW. October 1, 2012. Retrieved 2012-11-07. 
^ "Complete List of Winners in SABEW’s 17th Annual Best in Business Awards". SABEW. February 17, 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-21. 
^ "202 Winners Announced for SABEW’s Annual Best in Business Contest". SABEW. March 18, 2011. Retrieved 2011-09-16. 
^ "SPJ Announces the 2007 Sigma Delta Chi Award Winners" (Press release). Society of Professional Journalists. April 14, 2008.  and "54th Annual Green Eyeshade Excellence in Journalism Award Winners" (Press release). April 12, 2004.  and "1999 Sigma Delta Chi Award Honorees". Retrieved 2008-11-30. 
^ "#41 Bankrate". Forbes.com. Forbes Digital. October 8, 2008. Archived from the original on 12 December 2008. Retrieved 2008-11-28. 
^ "Award-winning content". Bankrate. Archived from the original on 23 June 2011. Retrieved 2011-07-28. 


External links[edit]

Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bankrate&oldid=790574912"					
Categories: Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies based in Palm Beach County, FloridaPersonal finance websitesFinancial services companies of the United StatesBankrate1999 initial public offerings2011 initial public offerings2009 acquisitionsHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 14 July 2017, at 16:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












Bankrate, Inc. | Company Spotlight Profile











Warning! This site has features that require JavaScript.












watch








        Bankrate, Inc.
        
      

Sector: 


            Business Services Not Elsewhere Classified
          
Region: 

FL, United States


 
  : 

|
New York Stock Exchange: RATE


  



Listed in: 
Consumer Goods and Services


        Similar to:
Systar SA, 
        Hyrican Informationssysteme AG





♣ Request Investor Kit

 View Contact Details







 News & Analysis
















 Featured Company


Diodes, Inc.
Dallas, TX, US
Diodes, Inc. manufactures and sells semiconductor devices. The company is engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of semiconductor products to...







 You may also be interested in:





Hyrican Informationssysteme AG



Kindelbrück, TH, DE
Hyrican Informationssysteme AG engages in the provision of information and communications technology services. Its activities include the distribution and sale...




Systar SA



Saint-Cloud, IF, FR
Systar SA engages in the development and marketing of business activity monitoring for large businesses, administrations, and banks. Its product...




Cogeme S&T SpA



Patrica, FR, IT
Cogeme S&T SpA engages in producing and manufacturing small precision parts in stainless steel and steel alloy used in the...










×
Contact Investor Relations



Bankrate, Inc.
Investor Relations
         11760 United States Highway 1Suite 200
         North Palm Beach , FL 33408
         United States
Phone:1.561.630.2400

SIC Code:
7389



Close




×
Request Investor Kit









Select your country:


Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, St. Eust., Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brit. Indian Ocean Terr.
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo (Dem. Rep. of the)
Congo (Rep. of)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Terr.
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
La Reunion
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marianas
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre & Miquelon
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Marten
Slovakia
Slovenia
So Georgia & So Sand Isl
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Vincent & Grenadines
St. Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Isl.
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe





E-mail:


required field!



First Name:


required field!



Last Name:


required field!




Street 1:


required field!



Street 2:





City:


required field!



State/Province:


-
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


required field!



Postal Code:


required field!






 I consent to receiving periodic email communications from Bankrate, Inc.. 
            

 I'd like to receive more information from PrecisionIR.
            







Watch

Watch this company to be notified of upcoming earnings calls and new content with a weekly digest sent to your email.
            
 Watch content
            




Go!
Cancel






Company Spotlight is available free to investors through the financial support of participating companies. In return for receiving this free information, your contact data are made available to the companies whose reports you have ordered, and to other parties as described in our privacy policy, which you can read in its entirety here. In addition, you agree to be contacted by these companies from time to time. You may select at any time to opt out of these communications by using the unsubscribe link in your email(s) or by sending an email to nacustomerservice@precisionir.com.



×
 Enter your email address to watch this company.




E-mail (required):


required field!



First Name:





Last Name:












    Signup 




×
  Enter your email address and notification preferences.




A reminder has been added for this event.



    Add to Calendar
  


Add to Google Calendar


Add to Live Calendar


Add to Yahoo! Calendar


Add to iCalender


Add to Outlook Calendar







Or





Send me a reminder




Weeks

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52



Days

0
1
2
3
4
5
6



Hours

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23



Minutes

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59





before the event.

Please enter a valid email to watch!

First Name

Last Name








    Signup 



























Bankrate.com





































































Bankrate.com






























































































Tuesday, August 2, 2011







How to get the best mortgage





Understanding the home loan application process can help you get the best mortgage rate and lowest fees at closing.
Follow this checklist as you shop for a home loan.Check your credit reports from all three of the major credit-reporting bureaus and fix any errors or outdated information. Borrowers with good credit scores qualify for more home loans and better mortgage rates.
 Get pre-approved for a mortgage by disclosing your income, savings and outstanding debt and having a lender check your credit report and credit score. It’s typically free, and if you qualify, a lender will supply a letter that states how much can be loaned.
Apply for an FHA loan if you don’t meet the qualifying standards for a conventional home loan.
Hunt down the lowest mortgage rate. Use a database that aggregates the best mortgage rates, and get an understanding of the cost of home loans.
Factor in all of the costs of homeownership when you budget for your monthly mortgage payment. As a homeowner, you will owe property taxes, homeowners insurance premiums, utility bills, maintenance costs and perhaps HOA fees. A mortgage calculator can be of help in determining a monthly payment you can afford based on your income and other expenses.
Ask the seller to pay some of the closing fees for you, or negotiate with the lender to reduce the expenses such as origination fees, settlement charges and administrative fees. 
Use a mortgage calculator to determine if you should pay off points to lower your rate or use that money to make a larger down payment.






Posted by



Bankrate.com




at

11:44 AM





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
credit,
home loans,
mortgage calculator,
mortgages











Friday, July 29, 2011







Comparing online brokerages





Online brokerage accounts have made stock trading and investing accessible to more people.When you’re ready to invest like a pro, make sure you consider the following factors so you choose the brokerage company that’s right for you.
FeesTrades may be inexpensive, but online brokerages have come under fire for having a slew of hidden, unadvertised fees.The American Customer Satisfaction Index reports that online brokerages’ fees are most likely to irritate consumers.
Customer satisfactionCustomer service and easy-to-use online interfaces can make up for the fees.Charles Schwab topped the ACSI’s list for customer satisfaction of Internet brokerages. Fidelity Investments followed.E-Trade performed the worst with customer satisfaction, but its rank in the annual report has improved over time.
Insuring investmentsSee if your brokerage product has insurance protection. Insurance protection for brokerage products protects investors against insolvency of the financial institution, but it doesn't compensate for investment losses or bad investment decisions.The Securities Investor Protection Corp., or SIPC, is the agency that reimburses investors with assets in bankrupt and financially troubled brokerage firms to a limit of $500,000 per customer, including a maximum of $250,000 for cash claims. Financial institutions may have insurance over and above the coverage it has as a member of the SIPC, but this also would only protect against insolvency.Regardless of the brokerage company you choose, remember that you can consult with a fee-only financial adviser to ensure that you’re comfortable with what you’ve invested in and the risks you face with your investments.





Posted by



Bankrate.com




at

11:44 AM





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
brokerage,
fees,
financial,
investment











Friday, July 22, 2011







3 shortcuts for low maintenance investing





Brokerage Accounts:
How to automate investingInvesting doesn’t have to be complicated, and the beauty of mutual funds is that they simplify investing.Below are the pros and cons of target-date funds, index funds and lifestyle funds, popular shortcut plans that let investors earn yields without constantly tweaking their portfolios.
1) Target-date fundsThe target-date fund is named by its retirement year, or the year you plan to start withdrawing money from the fund. As the date nears, the fund’s asset allocation shifts to become more conservative, and adjustments happen automatically.
These funds can charge high fees, so try to find a fund with an expense ratio of 1 percent or less. They also tend to be light on international stocks. The typical target-date fund has about 20 percent invested overseas, but aim for 30 percent or even more. There are an increasing amount of good foreign businesses, and you don’t want to limit your portfolio’s growth by not having much exposure to foreign stocks. 
2) Lifestyle fundAlso known as asset allocation funds, lifestyle funds offer a conservative, moderate, balanced or aggressive investing approach.
These funds let investors choose funds based on their own risk-and-return preference, and they offer broad diversification in one fund.
Investors must remember to adjust these funds, but they don’t have to tweak them too often. It may be a matter of scaling down aggressive investments every 10 or 15 years.
 3) Index fundAn index fund follows a particular market index, such as Standard & Poor’s 500.This breed of mutual funds is typically inexpensive because investors aren’t paying for a fund manager. Without a manger actively moving money into well-performing sectors, though, investors may not be pleased to see index funds passively following the market, both up and down.
Not all index funds are diversified, so make sure your index fund is broad enough, and don’t buy an index fund for a specific industry group. 





Posted by



Bankrate.com




at

9:33 AM





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest















Monday, May 23, 2011







Bullets, barbells and CDARS for your CD’s





 
There are many ways to manage your investments, one of the most popular being buying certificate of deposit or a CD. But not all CD’s are created equal nor do you have to approach every CD purchase with the same strategy each time. Here are some strategies you might have yet to consider.
Strategy bulletsWith a bullet strategy, you stagger purchases of CDs but make sure they all mature around the same time. By staggering the purchases you reduce the risk of buying all the CDs when rates are at their lowest…a good strategy when you're saving money for a specific goal such as college or a new future big purchase-like a car-you know you’ll need money for in four or five years.Strategy barbell
The barbell strategy allows you to take advantage of high yields at some point on the yield curve while hedging your bet at another point. Balancing your investment you use some money to buy CD’s with longer maturities paying the best interest, and spend the rest of your money on short-term CD’s allowing some liquidity and the advantage of possible rate changes.
Strategy CDARS
Normally, bank deposits are insured up to $100,000 by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, and up to $250,000 in the case of retirement accounts. CDARS, a deposit placement service, gives you a way to invest more than $100,000 in CDs, with the full amount insured. Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service, is run by Promontory Interfinancial Network. Banks that subscribe to CDARS can give individual CD buyers up to $10 million in FDIC coverage. There are approximately 700 banks across the country offering CDARS.The bullet, barbell and CDARS are just a few ways to approach your CD investment. It’s your money, be smart when using it to make you more money.






Posted by



Bankrate.com




at

10:52 AM





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
CD rates,
deposit,
investment











Tuesday, April 5, 2011







How to use a mortgage calculator





An online mortgage calculator can quickly and easily predict both your mortgage payment and amortization schedule. All you’ll need to get an accurate account is the following information:1. Mortgage amount.If you're looking to buy a new home a mortgage calculator is a good way to estimate how much home you can afford. To get this number simply enter the amount of the house you’re considering buying, minus any down payment you may be planning on making. If you're refinancing an existing home loan, this number will be the outstanding balance on your mortgage.2. Mortgage term.This is the length of the loan you're considering. Many young or first time homeowners go with a standard 30 year loan but there are other terms readily available. There are both longer and shorter term mortgages available from various lenders. Home loans can range from as short as 5 years to some as long as 40 years or more.  3. Interest rate.Interest rates can vary from person to person either because of their own personal credit history or from geographic area to geographic area. You can get a projected rate by researching the mortgage rate tables for the area where you’ve been house hunting. 4. Mortgage start date.If you're buying a home or refinancing soon, this should be the date you plan on closing. But if you're trying to get more information on a mortgage you already have, set the date to your original closing date.Once you’ve entered these four pieces of information into the calculator it can instantly display a hypothetical mortgage payment for the situation you’ve entered. By changing key information, such as the length of the loan or slight changes to the interest rate, you can see how small changes can effect what you ultimately pay for your home. Wondering what you'll owe on your mortgage in July 2019? Curious how much you home will ultimately cost you once all the interest has been taken into account? By clicking the “Show/Recalculate Amortization Schedule” you can find out. Because the mortgage calculator also offers the ability to enter any extra payments you may make on your loan it can also show you how much you can cut down on the amount of interest you pay or how to reduce the length of your loan. 





Posted by



Bankrate.com




at

11:29 AM





2 comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
mortgage calculator















Hedge the risk with a CD ladder





Even though CDs are a low-risk investment, you may be looking for something with even more security in a down economy. CD rates are fairly low, but building a CD ladder can hedge the risk of rate cycles by giving you the benefit of investing in both short and long-term maturities. It also gives you the advantage of liquidity, as laddering keeps your CDs consistently maturing and paying out. How it worksThink of the rungs on a ladder to better picture how a CD ladder works. The first rung of the ladder is the shortest period. If you have $100,000 to invest over a five-year period, you’d invest $20,000 into a one-year CD on the first rung. The second rung would be a two-year CD at another $20,000 and the third a three-year CD at $20,000. This continues up to five-years. As each CD matures the next moves up a year, allowing you to reinvest that money each year or use it for other expenses. Since CD rates are low, CD laddering gives you the opportunity to reinvest each year if yields rise. Find the best CD ratesIf you decide to build a CD ladder, it’s important to find the best rates possible. Look for deals at banks, credit unions, savings institutions and brokerage firms to compare before you begin. Some institutions are posting higher rates to attract deposits. 





Posted by



Bankrate.com




at

8:27 AM





No comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
CD rates











Friday, January 28, 2011







3 situations that benefit by using a mortgage calculator





 
A mortgage calculator is typically used to calculate payments for a new mortgage, but it can also be used for several other common calculations. Consider these three other mortgage calculator uses. 
Considering an adjustable-rate-mortgageAn adjustable-rate-mortgage, or simply ARM, is enticing due to its lower initial interest rate, but don’t be wooed until you plug it in to a mortgage calculator. Enter the ARM interest rate into Bankrate’s mortgage calculator with a 30-year term. Compare those payments to the conventional 30-year fixed mortgage payments. You’ll either be delighted about the possible benefits of an ARM – or pleased to step away from the risky venture despite the potential advantages. 
Saying “bye” to private mortgage insuranceWhen you have 20 percent equity in your home, you can request that the lender waive the private mortgage insurance obligation. Using the mortgage calculator, you can see when you’ll reach this magic number. Enter the closing date and original amount of your home mortgage and select “show/recalculate amortization schedule.” Multiply your original mortgage by 0.8 and find the closest matching number in the amortization schedule’s far-right column. This is approximately when you’ll have 20 percent equity in your home. 
Paying off your mortgage earlyBankrate’s mortgage calculator allows you to enter amounts for “extra payments,” which can shorten your term and save you money. To avoid being the typical 30-year-fixed-rate mortgage holder, whose total interest payments are usually larger than the original principal on the loan, calculate potential savings using the calculator. Enter an extra payment goal in one of the boxes and click “show/recalculate amortization schedule” to see the difference. You could knock off years of your term and save significant amounts of money. 






Posted by



Bankrate.com




at

1:39 PM





2 comments:
    











Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest




Labels:
mortgage calculator













Older Posts

Home




Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
















Followers



















Blog Archive








        ▼ 
      



2011

(8)





        ▼ 
      



August

(1)

How to get the best mortgage








        ► 
      



July

(2)







        ► 
      



May

(1)







        ► 
      



April

(2)







        ► 
      



January

(2)









        ► 
      



2010

(5)





        ► 
      



December

(1)







        ► 
      



November

(1)







        ► 
      



October

(1)







        ► 
      



September

(1)







        ► 
      



August

(1)

















About Me





Bankrate.com



View my complete profile











































	Bankrate, Inc. - Canada Website Library








Welcome to Global Website Library!


Sign Up 
Contact Us
USA











Home
Asia
Europe
America
Africa
Oceania
Join Free
Luck Web
Quick
Score



Latest: [Chinese]114 train network [American]The International .. [India]Andaman Tour Travel [India]Penning People








Home > Canada > Finance > financial > Finance website > Bankrate, Inc.



»Discuss It.(1) Bankrate, Inc.Sharer:wadmin00173Category:Finance websiteScore:View Score Popularity:11Clicks: 925 viewsTags:NASDAQ Bank Company Website:http://www.bankrate.com Summary:This is a United States company listed on the NASDAQ. The company is committed to collecting personal financial product summary and related rates, to provide consumers with comprehensive, objective an.SNS:   







»Improve It.
Website Details

This latest report: SingaporeAccounting.com Pte LtdBankrate, Inc. We at Bankrate, Inc. have over three decades' experience in financial publishing. Bankrate was born in 1976 as "Bank Rate Monitor," a print publisher for the banking industry. The "Bank Rate Monitor" newsletter we originally distributed contained much of the same rate research and information we're known for and respected for today. After two decades of conducting quality, trusted rate research, we took our product to the Web, expanded our offerings and made our online debut in 1996. Since then, we have increased our site traffic to over 13 million monthly unique visitors, expanded our distribution outlets, added new content channels and continually strive to provide a better, more comprehensive consumer experience.  Today, Bankrate, Inc. is the Web's leading aggregator of financial rate information, offering an unparalleled depth and breadth of rate data and financial content. Bankrate continually surveys approximately 4,800 financial institutions in all 50 states in order to provide clear, objective, and unbiased rates to consumers. Our flagship Web site, Bankrate.com, provides free rate information to consumers on more than 300 financial products, including mortgages, credit cards, new and used automobile loans, money market accounts, certificates of deposit, checking and ATM fees, home equity loans and online banking fees.  In addition to rate data, we publish original and objective personal finance stories to help consumers make informed financial decisions. Our staff of award winning reporters and editors provides expert advice on just about every major financial decision facing our readers: fro m purchasing their first home, to sel ecting a new car, to saving for retirement.  Hundreds of print publications depend on Bankrate as the trusted source for financial rates and information, including the top 10 newspapers in the country, including The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, The New York Times, The Los Angeles Times and The Boston Globe. And you will see our data frequently referenced on "CNN," "CNBC," "Fox Business News," "ABC News" and many other major broadcast news outlets.  Bankrate's site displays two sets of rates that are produced fro m two surveys we conduct: one daily and the other weekly. They're both useful, but they're samples of different groups and they serve different purposes. You will see daily rate averages on the site in boxes labeled "overnight averages" (these calculations are run after the close of the business day). Included there are rates we have collected on the previous day for a specific banking product. Overnight averages tend to be volatile. They help consumers see the movement of rates day to day. The institutions included in the "overnight averages" tables will be different fro m one day to the next, depending on which institutions' rates we gather on a particular day for presentation on the site. The "National Index," or "national survey of large lenders," is conducted weekly. The results of this survey are quoted in our weekly articles, the Interest Rate Roundup and our Mortgage Analysis. To conduct the National Index survey, Bankrate obtains rate information fro m the 10 largest banks and thrifts in 10 large U.S. markets. We've conducted this survey in the same manner for more than 30 years, and because it's consistently done the way it is, it gives an accurate national apples-to-apples comparison. The credit card index is based on a weekly survey of the 50 largest card issuers, ranked by total receivables, an industry standard measure. The Bankrate Online Network We own a network of content-rich, proprietary websites focused on specific vertical categories, including mortgages, deposits, insurance, credit cards and other personal finance categories. Through this network, as well as co-branded web sites hosted by our network of 90+ online distribution partners, we provide the tools and information via a suite of products and services that can help consumers make better informed financial decisions. You care: w w w. 0430. c o mPrevious website: 21st CENTURY Media GROUPCurrent Recommended:: Bankrate, Inc.Next website: ESMADeclared: This info is provided by user, please retain the source, source:http://en.0430.com/ca/web120032/。 Bankrate, Inc. Thank you for your support and sharing!»If you think'Bankrate, Inc.' is less,You Can Collaboration Update it.


0
1


Master Voice: You can digg it or discuss it Now!


Now, 1 Person Post Review About 'Bankrate, Inc.'


N a m e:
 * Optionally, blank is Anonymous.
Content:



  Characters left:  * Press Ctrl + Enter to post. 
  


Tips: Comments submitted only once, please wait patiently in order to display.




 
1 floor Bankrate, Inc. 
[*.*.*.*] published in 2014/05/25/ 10:21:00

Welcome you to visit our website!This is a United States company listed on the NASDAQ. The company is committed to collecting personal financial product summary and related rates, to provide consumers with comprehensive, objective an



» What about Bankrate, Inc.?




The Recommend to Website Of Finance website Website Directory



Achieve international Botswana
[553 visit, wadmin0024 sharing]


 


Achieve international France
[473 visit, wadmin0024 sharing]


 


Mswipe
[241 visit, love0430 sharing]


 


Achieve international Korea
[553 visit, wadmin0024 sharing]


 


Qianlong financial
[646 visit, wadmin00140 sharing]


 


Aye Finance
[182 visit, love0430 sharing]


 


To the international Pakistan
[466 visit, wadmin0024 sharing]


 


Chinatrust Financial Network
[656 visit, wadmin00139 sharing]


 


China accounting network
[734 visit, wadmin0086 sharing]


 


Achieve international Armenia
[583 visit, wadmin0024 sharing]


 




Guess your interested knowledge

1. Scouring unit
2. UPS Capital Corporat..
3. Achieve internationa..
4. Achieve internationa..
5. Value in China
6. Lending Reimagined
7. Shanghai Fei Yang fi..
8. Tencent's financial
9. Chengdu financial ne..
10. Wanlong securities n..
11. Chinatrust Financial..
12. Dongfangcaifuwang Fo..





Finance website


ePayments


Prestamos Online


Instantpay


Paystack:Truly simple ..


IndiaLends:Instant & e..


Unocoin


Aye Finance


Zafin:Relationship Ban..


Bain Capital Ventures


Plaid













0430 Recommend


China accounting network


Drill the Tiger


Shanghai accounting ne..


Credit accounting


Learn accounting network


Shanghai UnionPay busi..


Oriental pawn


Dongying franchise Ban..


Jiangsu financial info..


China financial network


Accountant Portal


Game financial


Hongchengguang ju Rong..


Anne drennen sniper


BHN


















0430.com offered in: English 中文(简体) 中文(繁體) 日本語 Español
About Us | Contact Us  | Submit a web | Disclaimer | Friendly Link | Feedback | Categories | Principles | Add to Favorite
Copyright 2004-2017 By en.0430.com  Worldwide Library - 24-four hours online free directory - make sites closer to our life!
Disclaimer: This webistes is taken from the network by user, please refer to identify themselves when using, 0430 does not assume any responsibility.













Bankrate Inc. Executives, Organizational Chart, Company Profile Information, Contacts | Headquarters, Locations, News   












Submit

ContactCareersLogin

MENUtoggle
Our Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions [Column]  ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention  [Column]  Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation  [Column]  Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & Ranking Knowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News Pricing

Menu

HomeOur Difference Research Client SuccessWho We Serve Sales Professionals Marketing Professionals Executives Recruiting/Staffing ProfessionalsSolutions ABM & ABS Actionable Intelligence Competitive Intelligence Customer Success & Retention Data Quality & Management Data Sets Integrations Lead Generation Predictive Analytics Sales & Marketing Alignment Targeting & RankingKnowledge Hub Blog Case Studies Insights FAQsAbout Careers News PricingGet a Free ProfileSchedule a DemoRequest PricingContact UsLogin
Home / Companies / Bankrate Inc.


Bankrate Inc.

477 Madison Ave #430
New York NY 10022 United States
Phone: +1 917-___-____
Fax: 
http://www.bankrate.com





10
Managers




30
IT employees




$6.7MEST.
IT Budget




Bankrate, Inc. is an online aggregator of financial rate information. The company was founded in 1976 as a publisher in the banking industry, and continues to print financial publications. The company also owns the Bankrate Online Network, a group of… MoreBankrate, Inc. is an online aggregator of financial rate information. The company was founded in 1976 as a publisher in the banking industry, and continues to print financial publications. The company also owns the Bankrate Online Network, a group of web sites offering a variety of financial information, such as credit card comparisons and mortgage calculators.
Bankrate's IT department operates from corporate headquarters located in Palm Beach, FL. It is headed by a VP & CTO. The company's key area of focus is on its main web aggregating site and the Bankrate Online Network. For this… MoreBankrate's IT department operates from corporate headquarters located in Palm Beach, FL. It is headed by a VP & CTO. The company's key area of focus is on its main web aggregating site and the Bankrate Online Network. For this reason, most of the department's IT staff is focused on software programming and development. A single software group exists to manage all internal and external applications development. This includes both client-side web development and internal applications administration and development.

With software development as their main task, only a small IT group exists for the purpose of dealing with hardware support and network infrastructure. This group operates in a supporting role, ensuring that the proper technology and infrastructure is in place to allow the software team to pursue its product-oriented goals.





Sector (Industry)
Services (Media)


Employees
488


Revenue
$388.0M


FYE
12/31




Breaking news on investment signals




Date
Type
Inside Scoop




2017-08-01
Staffing
Topic: Sales, Staffing
Company: Bankrate Inc., New York, NY
Opportunity: Seeking a Director Of Sales (TX, Austin, 78719).




2017-07-21
Staffing
Topic: Databases, Staffing
Company: Bankrate Inc., New York, NY
Opportunity: Seeking a Data Scientist (Austin, TX, 78719).




2017-07-19
Staffing
Topic: Search, Marketing, Staffing
Company: Bankrate Inc., New York, NY
Opportunity: Seeking a SEO Manager (New York, NY, 10007).







Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote




Technologies currently being used

IT
Marketing


Data Analytics/ Databases

Big Data/NoSQL
Apache HBaseBasho RiakClouderaHadoopHadoop MapReduceHortonworksMahoutMapRMongoDBNoSQL Database

Business Intelligence
BimeElastic SearchIBM SPSSMicrosoft SSASMS SQL Reporting Services (SSRS)OutlookSoftQlikViewSAP Crystal ReportsSiSenseSysomos

Data Modeling/Mining
Apache HiveOmniture Data WarehouseRapidMinerSASSAS/FSP
Data Infrastructure

Cloud Systems
Google Cloud Appsnode.jsSymantec VeritasVMware vCloud

Desktop Virtualization

Email Hosting
GoDaddy (mail server)GoDaddy EmailGoogle (mail server)Intermedia.net (mail server)McAfee (mail server)Microsoft (mail server)
Data Storage

Cloud Storage
Amazon S3Microsoft OneDrive

Data Backup
Acronis SoftwareFalconStor IPStorPernixdataSymantec Backup Exec

Disaster Recovery
Enterprise/ ERP

CRM
CMSInfor CRMSalesForceSaleslogixSugarCRMZohoZoho CRM

Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP)
MAS90NetSuiteSAP SEM

Enterprise Systems Support
Kanban
Industry Software

Academic and Education Management Software

Health Records
Orchard Software

Professional Services Software
AdconionAdRollAppNexuseXelateHootSuiteIHS PETRAKenshooQuickbooksRaven ToolsSalesforce Sales Cloud
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.
Advertising/ Search

Digital Media Operations
ResponsysSizmek

Online Advertising
Taboola

Search Engine Optimization
AppNexusGoogle AdSenseKenshooOutbrain
Analytics

Business Intelligence
IBM SPSSPythonSAP Crystal ReportsTableau

Market Analytics
eXelateQlikView

Marketing Data Management
Apache HBaseClouderaHadoopMicrosoft SQL ServerMongoDBMySQLPostgreSQL
Creative/ Content

Customer Experience Management

User Experience

Website Design
Adobe AcrobatAdobe IllustratorAdobe InDesignAdobe PhotoshopAdobe ShockwaveBrightcoveDrupalGoogle AdWordsGoogle MapsLinkedInButton
eCommerce

Online Retailing
Apache ServerGoogle eCommerce Conversion TrackingIBM CPCSRackSpaceWordPress

Social Commerce
Amazon (cloud)GitHubGo Daddy (Hosting)
Product/ Brand Mgmt

Forecasting and Planning

Marketing Portfolio Management
Disqus

Marketing Strategy
Zopim
This is just a subset of the full Technolgies being used by this company.



Become a RainKing power-user today!
RainKing's rich data provides clients with a deeper understanding of who will be making – and what will be driving – upcoming investments in IT. Know what your prospects are planning before your competition does, and beat them to the negotiating table.
Request a demo
Request a quote




Org chart of IT decision makers




Tara Bauries
Manager, Marketing
___@bankrate.com
+1 561-___-____







Marisa Mancini
Manager, Corporate Marketing
___@bankrate.com
+1 561-___-____







Maria Bertuzzelli
Senior Manager, Corporate Branding - Bankrate.com
___@bankrate.com
+1 561-___-____



This is just a subset of the full Org Chart for this company.


Want access to this and more? Become a client today!
RainKing clients get access to all 615 decision makers in this company's org chart.
Request a demo
Request a quote








Want full access to this profile and more?
RainKing's clients have access to over 1,500 new investment signals published daily, which provide insights on spending initiatives, pain points, management changes and more from companies around the globe. Interested in becoming a client?
Request a demo
Request a quote









To receive a FREE PDF of this company, simply fill out the form below










Get your free company profile




Search





Subscribe to our newsletter



Connect with Us
 





 





 





 





 







 




7700 Old Georgetown Road
Bethesda, MD 20814-6100
1.866.592.7122
contactus@rainkingonline.com


 Sitemap Terms of Use Privacy Policy 


©2017 RainKing





















Company Profile | Bankrate, Inc. – IR Site














        Skip to main navigation
      

Investor Relations




  Menu





RATE 







Investor Overview

            Aug 3, 2017 10:31 am EDT
        









INVESTOR TOOLS





Print Page



RSS Feeds



E-mail Alerts











              Company Profile
          








<< Back


Bankrate (NYSE: RATE) is a leading online publisher, aggregator, and distributor of personal finance content. RATE aggregates large scale audiences of in-market consumers by providing them with proprietary, fully researched, comprehensive, independent and objective personal finance and related editorial content across multiple vertical categories including credit cards, mortgages, deposits, senior care and other categories, such as personal and auto loans, retirement, and taxes. The Company’s vision is to help consumers Maximize Your Money™ when they borrow, save or invest.
 
RATE’s flagship sites Bankrate.com, CreditCards.com, and Caring.com are leading destinations in each of their respective verticals and connect their massive audiences with financial service and senior care providers and other contextually relevant advertisers. In 2015, RATE delivered more than 19 million consumer inquiries to providers.  RATE’s comprehensive offering of personal finance content and product research has positioned the Company as a recognized personal finance authority with over 300,000 attributable media mentions or interviews in 2015.  RATE also owns and operates a number of specialist sites, apps and social platforms, including NextAdvisor.com, The Points Guy, Interest.com, Quizzle.com and Walla.by.
 
Founded in 1976 as the “Bank Rate Monitor,” a newsletter for the banking industry, The “Bank Rate Monitor” aggregated interest rates for deposits and mortgages from banks across the country. The Company began moving from print to online in 1996 and strategically broadened and diversified its product, content and consumer offerings through internal development activities and acquisitions. RATE’s unique content and rate information is distributed through two main sources: through the Company’s owned and operated websites and online co-brands, and through partners. RATE now operates three business segments, Credit Cards, Banking and Senior Care that offer:
 
 
A credit card marketplace that helps consumers and small businesses find the best credit cards for their needs;
A market leading platform for consumers searching for competitive rates on mortgages, deposits, personal and auto loans, as well as content, calculators and tools that help consumers on a variety of personal finance topics; and/li> 
Helpful caregiving content, online support groups and a comprehensive senior care directory for the US, with more than ~100,000 consumer ratings and reviews.
 
 
RATE aggregates rate information from over 4,800 institutions on more than 300 financial products in more than 600 local markets in all 50 U.S. states, generating ~80,000 distinct rate tables and capturing on average over three million pieces of information weekly.
 
RATE’s distribution partners include some of the most trusted and frequently visited personal finance sites including Yahoo!, Realtor.com, Bloomberg and MarketWatch. In addition, Bankrate licenses editorial content to over 500 newspapers on a daily basis including The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, and The New York Times.
 
The Company’s primary sources of revenue are performance-based advertising (e.g., cost per account (CPA), cost per click (CPC), lead generation, display advertising, distribution arrangements and traditional media avenues, such as syndication of editorial content and subscriptions. A significant portion of RATE’s customers are large financial institutions such as money center banks, credit card issuers, ‘internet’ banks and mortgage companies. 
 
Key strategic initiatives include:
 
Improve consumer experience and product capabilities;
Increase paid marketing (online & offline) to grow demand beyond SEO;
Improve linkage between consumer inquiry demand and advertiser ROI; and
Establish ongoing personalized customer relationship with visitors
 
The Company has over 500 employees and is headquartered in New York City. Additional Company operations are located in Austin, Texas; Palm Beach Gardens, Florida; and San Mateo, California.














  Copyright Nasdaq. Minimum 15 minutes delayed.







© 2015 Bankrate, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy RightsTerms of use







