

Kingold Jewelry Inc. - Branded Product Line - Thu Aug 3, 2017























Branded Product Line









Kingold Branded Product LineBranded products are at the core of Kingold's business and are experiencing explosive growth as the Company builds brand recognition across China.

Kingold purchases the gold, then designs and manufactures the jewelry for sale to wholesale and retail customers across China. The finished products are sold to consumers through retail counters located in department stores, and through traditional stand-alone jewelry stores.

Kingold offers customers a wide range of in-house designed products including, but not limited to, 24-karat gold necklaces, rings, earrings, bracelets, pendants and gifts; and launches as many as 900 new products each month.

  












Kingold Jewelry Inc. - Product Overview - Thu Aug 3, 2017























Product Overview









A Diversified Product Line








Building On The Kingold Brand.
From rings, bracelets and necklaces to ornaments and other gift items, Kingold designs and produces thousands of products under its own label which are sold through major wholesalers, as well as through an established nationwide distribution network. 

Providers For China's Leading Distributors.
In addition to producing its own branded products, Kingold manufactures a range of custom products that are relabeled by some of the country's largest distributors and retail chains.  

The result is a diversified strategy that delivers maximum market share while optimizing revenue and expanding its hold on the industry.

  





































Kingold Jewelry, Inc. to Manufacture 24-Karat Gold Investment-oriented Products for Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. -PR Newswire Asia






































Home Page

				 > 

				News Releases

				 > 

				Industry News


				 >

				Kingold Jewelry, Inc. to Manufacture 24-Karat Gold Investment-oriented Products for Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. 

			




×







							Energy

						









Kingold Jewelry, Inc. to Manufacture 24-Karat Gold Investment-oriented Products for Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. 
2011-04-07 02:44
















































 





WUHAN CITY, China, April 7, 2011 /PRNewswire-Asia/ -- Kingold Jewelry, Inc  (NASDAQ: KGJI), one of China's leading manufacturers and designers of 24-karat  gold jewelry and ornaments, today announced that it has entered into an  agreement with Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. to design and manufacture  24-karat gold investment-oriented products for resale by the Bank to customers  in its retail banking network throughout Hubei Province, China. The deal will  serve as a pilot project which Kingold ultimately hopes will extend to the  Bank's other locations throughout China.
Under the agreement, Kingold will design and manufacture 24-karat gold  investment-oriented products, including coins, bars and ornaments, on behalf of  the Bank. Kingold's contract with the Bank extends for one year, and is  renewable at end of that term. While Kingold expects to hire additional labor to  assist in the production of 24-karat gold products for the Bank, Kingold does  not anticipate that it will incur incremental capital expenditures for either  manufacturing equipment or for facilities in connection with this agreement.  Kingold expects this relationship to begin contributing meaningfully to its  overall revenue in the second half of 2011.
The agreement with the Bank further advances Kingold's strategy to build a  new line of complimentary 24-karat gold investment-oriented products.  It is  expected that the new product line, which caters to the affinity of Chinese  consumers for gold as a store of wealth will, on average, generate higher gross  margin than that of its traditional gold jewelry and ornament lines.
"We are very pleased to announce this new relationship with Bank of  Communications Co., Ltd. on the heels of our recent agreement with China  Merchants Bank," said Mr. Zhihong Jia, Chairman and CEO of Kingold. "The Bank  has a strong presence in Hubei, one of China's largest provinces with a  population of roughly 60 million. We intend to provide the finest quality  24-karat gold products to customers located throughout the Bank's network of 79  retail branches across Hubei Province.  We will continue to pursue similar  arrangements with other world class financial institutions in China, aiming to  grow Kingold's revenues and enhance overall profitability."
About Kingold Jewelry, Inc.:
Kingold Jewelry, Inc. (NASDAQ: KGJI), centrally located in Wuhan City,  China's fourth largest city, was founded in 2002 and today is one of China's  leading designers and manufacturers of 24-karat gold jewelry and ornaments sold  by weight. The Company sells both directly to retailers as well as through major  distributors across China. Kingold has received numerous industry awards and has  been a member of the Shanghai Gold Exchange since 2003. Sales have grown from  $29 million in FY 2006 to $523 million in FY 2010 with net income attributable  to common stockholders growing from $1.3 million to $18.2 million over the same  period. For more information, please visit www.kingoldjewelry.com.
About Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. is one of the leading banks in the world and  was founded in 1908. The Bank has 2,643 retail branches across China with total  assets of roughly $600 billion at the end of 2010.  Bank of Communications Co.  Ltd's Hubei Division covers the entire Hubei Province, with a total of 79  branches and 150 sub-branches, and total assets of more than $15 billion.
Business Risks and Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to  the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ  materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. In addition,  please refer to the risk factors contained in Kingold's SEC filings available at  www.sec.gov, including Kingold's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and  Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue  reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on  which they are made. Kingold undertakes no obligation to update or revise any  forward-looking statements for any reason.


   


 
 



Company Contact:
Kingold Jewelry, Inc 
Bin Liu, CFO Phone:  +1-212-509-1700 (US) / +86-27-6569-4977 (China)
Email: bl@kingoldjewelry.com 
www.kingoldjewelry.com   

Investor Relations Contact:
CCG Investor Relations 
Kalle Ahl, CFA
Phone: +1-646-833-3417 (New  York) 
Email: kalle.ahl@ccgir.com 
www.ccgir.com  







Source: Kingold Jewelry, Inc.

Related stocks: 

							NASDAQ-CM:KGJI


















Featured Video









Related Keywords: 
Mining/Metals


Recent Releases




									Kingold Jewelry Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results

									
2017-05-11




									Kingold Jewelry to Announce 2017 First Quarter Financial Results and Schedules Conference Call

									
2017-05-11




									Kingold Jewelry Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results Highlighted by Annual Sales of $1.4 Billion and Record Net Income

									
2017-03-30




									Kingold Jewelry to Announce 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results and Schedules Conference Call

									
2017-03-01




									Kingold Jewelry Outlines 2017 Strategy in Open Letter to Shareholders

									
2016-12-29




									

								Go to MediaRoom





Mining/Metals Recent Releases





												Frost & Sullivan North America Summit Navigates Imminent Digital Transformation set to Disrupt Manufacturing Workforce

												
2017-08-03




												Fosun's joint-venture Nanjing Nangang completes acquisition of leading German automotive supplier Koller Beteiligungs GmbH

												
2017-08-03




												China Metal Resources Utilization Limited Proposed Issue of HK$600 Million Convertible Bonds to China Huarong International and Prosper Rich

												
2017-08-01




												Provisur Acquires Lutetia

												
2017-08-01




												XCMG's Global Excellent Operator program highlights intelligent technology

												
2017-07-27

Read more

















 








简体中文 | 
繁體中文 | 
日本語 | 
한국어 | 
Bahasa Indonesia









Advanced Search
Search















									News Releases
								

  





									Events
								



















Close






























Sign in / Register
Global sites








Products & Services
News Releases
Knowledge Center
For Journalists & Media
Multimedia Theater
Contact Us








About PR Newswire
Contact PR Newswire
Conditions of Services
Careers
Site Map
RSS Feeds




			Copyright © 2003-2017 PR Newswire All Rights Reserved.
			A Cision company.








Overview
Press Release Distribution
Media Monitoring & Intelligence
Disclosure & Investor Communications 
Engagement
Customer FAQ





Request More Information
Asia Offices
Alert / Newsletter Subscription
Social Media Sites





Journalist Login
Expert Login
Enterprise login





Brazil
Canada
Europe
France
India
Israel
Mexico
Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States











 KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC. of CHINA | Stock Discussion Forums








STOCKTALKMARKETSPOLITICSPASTIMES












Microcap & Penny Stocks




                            KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC. of CHINA                            
                      


An SI Board Since July 2010


Posts
SubjectMarks
Bans
Symbol


16
2

                        0
                                         
KGJI.OB




Emcee: 
                            
manalagi


Type: 
                            
                            Moderated
                      
                            




















THE ONLY GOLD STOCK I AM BUYING -  by  James Altucher -  the managing director of Formula Capital, an asset management firm and fund of hedge fundsJuly 27, 2010 Kingold (KGJI.OB), the leading designer and manufacturer of 24 karat gold jewelry in China has all the characteristics I look for in a potential ten-bagger:    * Strong growth: 2008 revenue was $110mm, 2009 revenue: $250mm, and 2010 revenue will probably come in greater than $500mm.    * Strong earnings growth: 2008 earnings were approximatey $6mm. 2009 earnings were approximately $9mm. Q1 2010 was $4mm and I expect 2010 earnings to be between $20-25mm.    * Low multiple - the company trades for approximately 9 times my projected 2010 earnings. As opposed to a company like Tiffany (TIF) at 17x with much slower growth.    * Large market: the total jewelry market in China is approximately $20bb in 2010, up from $16bb in 2009 and $10bb in 2003. Between 1993 and 2008 the jewelry market has grown by 400%.    * Large market, part 2: jewelry is the third largest consumption item in China after autos and housing.    * Kingold manages the risk in fluctuations in the price of gold by using just-in-time inventory controls, minimizing the time between a purchase order, the purchase of gold, and delivery of the final product to under five days according to their filings. I'm not a believer in market timing gold. In fact, I'd rather own a growing company with growing earnings and revenues than a piece of rock. But I am a believer in the luxury industry, which is already fully matured (perhaps too matured) in the US but only at the beginning stages in China. Kingold also keeps down their costs by directly buying the gold from the Shanghai Gold Exchange, where they are a member.    * They are not local but distribute to 15 different provinces within China according to their recent SEC filings.Despite this, they have about 4.3% market share. With continued growth and consolidation in the industry they can grow their market share inside a growing market.The best hedge against inflation is not a rock like gold, but a company that benefits from the growing globalization that reflation triggers as well as the enormously increasing Chinese middle class.seekingalpha.com


 Previous 25 | Next 25 | View Recent | Post Message Go to reply# or date (mm/dd/yy): 














ReplyMessage PreviewFromRecsPosted

16<b> Impressive Third Quarter performance! </b>   November 12, 2010 0manalagi-11/15/2010

15seekingalpha.com   Why I'm Still a Buyer of Just One Gold Stock by: James Almanalagi-8/31/2010

14KGJI last trade: $ 8/share after 1:2 reverse split. Now that it is trading on Namanalagi-8/18/2010

13Kingold Jewelry, Inc. Announces Approval for NASDAQ Listing 4:39p ET August 17, manalagi-8/18/2010

12Kingold Jewelry Inc. (KGJI) Chairman and CEO to Ring The NASDAQ Stock Market Clomanalagi-8/18/2010

11Latest quarter EPS was $ 0.10 instead of $ 0.05 to reflect 1:2 reverse split.   manalagi-8/12/2010

10Form 10-Q for KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.  12-Aug-2010  Quarterly Report   Item 2. Manmanalagi-8/12/2010

9WUHAN CITY, China--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Kingold Jewelry, Inc. (OTCBB:KGJID - News), manalagi-8/12/2010

8Gold - Gold - Gold  Trading Strategies – Why Barbell Investing is the New Normalmanalagi-7/31/2010

7Key stats and ratios for Kingold Jewelry, Inc.  	            Q1 (Mar '10) 20manalagi-7/30/2010

6On July 30, 2010, KGJI.OB closed at 3.50 up 11.11% for the day. Volume nearly 11manalagi-7/30/2010

5Liberty Analytics Co. Initiates Independent Research Coverage On Kingold Jewelrymanalagi-7/30/2010

4The additional benefit in investing China's companies which operate domesticmanalagi-7/30/2010

3FWIW:  Skymark Research Initiates Independent Research Coverage on Kingold Jewelmanalagi-7/30/2010

2What is going on? King World is up 55c or 17.5% in one to, and the last trade wamanalagi-7/30/2010

1James Altucher bought the stock after his article was published.  KGJI.OB closedmanalagi-7/30/2010







 Previous 25 | Next 25 | View Recent | Post Message Go to reply# or date (mm/dd/yy): 






HomeMailHotSubjectMarksPeopleMarksKeepersSettingsTerms Of UseContact UsCopyright/IP PolicyPrivacy PolicyAbout UsFAQAdvertise on SICopyright © 1995-2017 Knight Sac Media. All rights reserved.Stock quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes - See Terms of Use.KINGOLD JEWELRY SD May 31 2016 | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»KINGOLD JEWELRY (KGJI)FORM SD | Specialized Disclosure ReportMay 31 2016|About: KINGOLD JEWELRY (KGJI)View as PDF

 KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC. (Form: SD, Received: 05/31/2016 11:49:15) 










	 




	UNITED STATES




	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION




	Washington, D.C. 20549



	 

	 






	FORM SD



	  



	Specialized Disclosure Report



	 



	KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.



	(Exact name of registrant as specified in
	its charter)


	 






	Delaware




	 




	001-15819




	 




	13-3883101







	(State or other jurisdiction of



	incorporation)



	 



	(Commission File Number)



	 



	(IRS Employer Identification No.)






	 








	15 Huangpu Science and Technology Park




	Jiang’an District




	Wuhan, Hubei Province, PRC




	 




	430023







	(Address of principal executive offices)



	 



	(Zip Code)





	 






	Zhihong Jia




	 




	(011) 86 27 65694977

	 





	 


	(Name and telephone number, including area
	code, of the person to contact in connection with this report.)


	 


	Check the appropriate box to indicate the rule pursuant to which
	this form is being filed, and provide the period to which the information in this form applies:


	 



	x

	Rule 13p-1 under
	the Securities Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13p-1) for the reporting period from January 1 to December 31, 2015.


	 




	 





	 





	 




	Section 1 –
	Conflict Minerals Disclosure




	 




	Item 1.01. Conflict
	Minerals Disclosure and Report




	 









	A.






	Company Overview






	 


	Kingold Jewelry, Inc. (“Kingold” or the “Company”),
	through a variable interest entity relationship with Wuhan Kingold Jewelry Company Limited, or Wuhan Kingold, is one of the leading
	professional designers and manufacturers of high quality 24-karat gold jewelry and Chinese ornaments. Kingold offers a wide range
	of in-house designed products including, but not limited to, gold necklaces, rings, earrings, bracelets, and pendants.


	 


	Kingold is also engaged in developing, promoting, and selling
	a broad range of products to the rapidly expanding jewelry market across the People’s Republic of China. Kingold has built
	a partnership with the Jewelry Institute of China University of Geosciences to help new products design.



	 









	B.






	Products Overview






	 


	In 2015, Kingold’s net sales were primarily composed of
	sales of branded products to wholesale and retail customers, as well as fees generated from customized production. In customized
	production, a customer supplies the Company with the raw materials and the Company creates products per that customer’s instructions,
	whereas in branded production the Company generally purchases gold directly and manufactures and markets the products on its own.


	 


	Based upon Kingold’s internal analysis of its products,
	all products that Kingold produces contain conflict minerals. Accordingly, for the purpose of this Form SD, together with any Exhibits
	hereto, branded and customized products were considered.



	 









	C.






	Supply Chain Overview






	 


	As Kingold specializes in 24-karat gold jewelry, its products
	contain gold, and do not contain other types of conflict minerals (tin, tantalum and tungsten). Kingold does not engage in the
	actual mining of gold, nor makes purchase of raw ore or unrefined conflict minerals. All gold used in Kingold’s products
	is sourced from Shanghai Gold Exchange (the “Exchange”), or supplied directly from its customers.


	 


	Kingold has reviewed the procurement process of gold, and analyzed
	the supply chain throughout its manufacturing and product delivery. Kingold trades gold from the Exchange and obtains gold from
	the bank vaults and the warehouse of a finance security company (the “Warehouse”), as designated by the Exchange, whilst
	gold supplied by customers is sourced from either the Exchange or local refineries in which recycled gold may be used.


	 


	According to the information Kingold gathered, gold traded on
	the Exchange may be either imported by qualified entities that are assigned by the central bank or locally sourced before storing
	in designated bank vaults and the Warehouse. In 2015, only Chinese banks were allowed to import gold. Such gold, regardless imported
	or locally sourced, is marked with the identity of refineries in the form of name and logo. Therefore, Kingold defined the scope
	of conflict minerals due diligence by identifying and reaching out to the refineries as indicated on the gold bullion. For the
	purpose of due diligence, Kingold has developed conflict minerals reporting template by reference to the standard reporting established
	by the Conflict-Free Sourcing Initiative (CFSI).


	 








	D.






	Reasonable Country
	of Origin Inquiry (RCOI) and ROCI Conclusion






	 


	Due to the fact that Kingold obtained gold directly from bank
	vaults and the Warehouse, Kingold conducted a series of inquiries with the bank vaults and the Warehouse where it collected gold
	from in 2015.


	 




	 





	 




	 


	Kingold has noticed that (i) the bank vaults and the Warehouse
	record the movement of gold, in the format of quantity, fineness, time, refinery and collector; (ii) each batch of gold is marked
	with the identity of the refinery, weight, fineness and a unique identification number; (iii) each batch of gold is affixed with
	a refinery certificate; (iv) the record is archived every month; (v) companies can obtain refinery certificates of the batch to
	be collected upon prior notice made to the bank vaults and the Warehouse.


	 


	Kingold made no record of refineries associated with the gold
	collected from the bank vaults and the Warehouse in 2015, and it relied on the records from the bank vaults and the Warehouse for
	refinery identities. As past records from the bank vaults and the Warehouse were archived, Kingold was unable to collect sufficient
	information to identify the refineries associated with the gold in the products that Kingold produced. In such context, Kingold
	was unable to identify the origin of the gold contained in its branded and customized products provided to its customers and it
	will take further actions to mitigate the risk.


	 


	Due to the complexity and the breadth of refineries involved,
	it will take time for Kingold to identify all the refineries associated with the gold used in its products. Kingold will leverage
	its due diligence processes, participate industry-wide initiatives and work with regulators to further develop transparency in
	its supply chain.


	 



	Item 1.02. Exhibit



	 


	A copy of the Company’s Conflict Minerals Report is provided
	as Exhibit 1.01 to this Form SD. A copy of the Company’s Conflict Minerals Report together with this Form SD is publicly
	available at the Company’s website at www.kingoldjewelry.com.


	 



	Section 2 –
	Exhibits




	 




	Item 2.01. Exhibit



	 


	The following exhibit is filed as part of this report:


	 


	Exhibit 1.01 – Conflict Minerals Report as required by
	Item 1.01 and 1.02 of this Form SD. 


	 




	 





	 




	 



	SIGNATURES



	 


	Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
	Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto
	duly authorized.


	 




	 




	KINGOLD JEWELRY, INC.






	 


	 


	 




	 



	By:



	 



	/s/ Bin Liu





	 


	 


	 



	Name:   Bin Liu


	Title:     Chief Financial Officer





	 


	Date: May 31, 2016


	 




	 




	 










	 



	Exhibit 1.01




	 




	Kingold Jewelry Inc.




	 




	Conflict Minerals Report




	 




	For the Year Ended December 31, 2015




	 



	This is the Conflict Minerals Report (the “Report”)
	of Kingold Jewelry, Inc. (“Kingold” or the “Company”) for the year ended December 31, 2015 (the “Calendar
	Year”) in accordance with Rule 13p-1 (“Rule 13p-1,” or the “Rule”) under the Securities Exchange
	Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”). The Rule was adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”)
	to implement reporting and disclosure requirements related to conflict minerals as directed by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
	and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (“Dodd-Frank Act”). The Rule imposes certain reporting obligations on SEC registrants
	whose manufactured products contain conflict minerals which are necessary to the functionality or production of their products.
	“Conflict minerals” refer to cassiterite (i.e., tin), columbite-tantalite (i.e., tantalum), gold, wolframite (i.e.,
	tungsten), or any other minerals or their derivatives determined by the Secretary of State to be financing conflict in the Democratic
	Republic of the Congo or an adjoining country (“Covered Countries”).


	 


	In accordance with the Rule, Kingold undertook due diligence
	to determine the Conflict Minerals status of the necessary Conflict Minerals used in components for manufacturing Kingold’s
	24-karat gold jewelry and Chinese ornament products. In conducting its due diligence, Kingold applied guidance from the OECD Due
	Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas and the related supplements
	on gold, tin, tantalum and tungsten (collectively, “OECD Guidance”), an internationally recognized due diligence framework.


	 


	Kingold has determined in good faith from its due diligence
	efforts that for the Calendar Year, Conflict Minerals used in components for manufacturing Kingold’s products are “DRC
	conflict undeterminable”.


	 


	The report presented herein is not audited as the Rule provides
	for a temporary two-year period for all companies and four-year period for smaller reporting companies, if a registrant’s
	products are “DRC conflict undeterminable,” the Report is not subject to an independent private sector audit.


	 


	Kingold Jewelry Inc. will follow and comply with any change
	on the Rule on a continuous basis, and adopt any appropriate measures.



	 









	1.






	Introduction






	 


	This Conflict Minerals Report provides a description of the
	measures that the Company has taken to exercise due diligence with respect to the Conflict Minerals contained in Kingold’s
	branded and customized products under instructions of its customers that Kingold manufactured either internally or through contractual
	arrangement with third-party manufacturers (contract to manufacture) during the Calendar Year.


	 


	The objective of the Company’s due diligence measures
	is to identify the source and chain of custody of the Conflict Minerals used in its branded and customized products manufactured
	internally or contract to manufacture during 2015.


	 


	Based upon the analysis of its products and supply chain, Kingold
	has determined that gold is the only type of Conflict Minerals contained in all the products that Kingold internally manufactures
	and contracts to manufacture through agreement with third-party manufacturers. Kingold sources all gold from Shanghai Gold Exchange
	(the “Exchange”) for its branded products. Customers source the gold either from the Exchange or local refinery and
	supply to Kingold for customized product manufacturing. Gold sourced from the Exchange is marked with the identity of the refineries.


	 




	 





	 




	 


	As stated in the Form SD, Kingold is unable to determine the
	origin of the gold in its products and therefore cannot exclude the possibility that some gold may have originated in the Covered
	Countries. For that reason, Kingold is required under the Rule to submit this Report to the SEC as an Exhibit to the Form SD.



	 









	2.






	Design of the Company’s
	Due Diligence Measures






	 


	Kingold designed its due diligence measures to conform in all
	material aspects with the OECD Guidance.



	 









	2.1






	Due Diligence Performed
	by the Company






	 



	Step 1.


	Establish Company Management System



	 


	Kingold established a working group (the “Working Group”)
	to manage the Company’s Conflict Minerals management program. The Working Group consists of representatives from departments
	across the Company, including investment, finance and legal affairs. Members of the Working Group and the Company’s Chief
	Financial Officer held a kick-off meeting to understand the requirements of the Rule, the objectives of the Conflict Minerals management
	program and the expectations of the due diligence measures.


	 


	Kingold has developed a series of procedures as guidance for
	the Working Group to perform all necessary work in order to trace the origins of the Conflict Minerals in its products. The procedures
	include identification of refineries, reasonable country of origin inquiry, due diligence, governance and future enhancements.


	 


	Kingold has adopted a Conflict Minerals Policy, which sets forth
	the Company’s value and commitment towards the tracing of Conflict Minerals origins. The Conflict Minerals Policy is as follows:



	 




	Kingold Jewelry Inc.




	Conflict Minerals policy



	 


	Kingold Jewelry Inc. (“Kingold”) is committed to
	become a socially responsible and ethical business that respects human rights and condemn any conduct that violates.


	 


	The rules (“the Rule”) of Section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank
	Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act require all US-listed registrants to disclose origins of the “Conflict Minerals”
	used in their products. “Conflict minerals” refer to cassiterite (i.e. tin), columbite-tantalite (i.e. tantalum), gold,
	wolframite (i.e. tungsten), or any other minerals or their derivatives determined by the Secretary of State to be financing conflict
	in the Covered Countries


	1


	.


	 


	Kingold is aware that “Conflict Minerals” may directly
	or indirectly finance the armed groups in the “Covered Countries” through trading, and acknowledges and supports the
	goal of the rule to disclose origin of the “Conflict Minerals”. In order to meet the requirements of the Rule, Kingold
	has started to develop the procedures that are necessary to analyse its products, and investigate the origins of the “Conflict
	Minerals” used in its products. Currently, gold is the “Conflict Minerals” contained in Kingold’s products.


	 


	Kingold sources gold from Shanghai Gold Exchange (the “Exchange”),
	or receives gold from its customers for customized products. Kingold endeavors to trace the origins of gold sourced from the Exchange,
	and actively communicate with its customers regarding the requirements of the Rule and seek their cooperation to assist Kingold
	in the identification of gold origins.


	 


	Kingold’s actions to trace the origins of “Conflict
	Minerals” demonstrate its commitment of responsible and ethical practice, and will continue to do so by adhering to the underlying
	SEC rules and other applicable regulations on “Conflict Minerals”.


	 






	 








	1


	Covered countries include Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Angola, Burundi, Central African Republic, the Republic of the
	Congo, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.


	 




	 





	 




	 



	Step 2.


	Assessment of Risk in the Company’s
	Supply Chain



	 


	The Working Group evaluated the risk of channels where gold
	is processed at Kingold for manufacturing. Currently, there are two channels where Kingold receives gold: (i) collected from the
	Exchange and (ii) supplied by Kingold’s customers.


	 


	During the reasonable country of origin inquiry (as described
	in the Form SD), the Working Group has made inquiries with the bank vaults and the Warehouse from which Kingold has collected gold
	in 2015, to identify the refineries associated with the gold in Kingold’s products in the same period. The bank vaults and
	the Warehouse have disclosed the name of two major refineries (namely Rand Refinery (PTY) Ltd and Argor-Heraeus SA) which provided
	most of the gold supply, but could not confirm if all the gold used in Kingold’s products was from those two refineries.
	Due to the limited information provided by the bank vaults and the Warehouse, Kingold was unable to identify the name of all gold
	refineries which produced gold used in Kingold’s products in the Calendar Year.


	 


	Regarding customized product, old supplied by customers is
	sourced from either the Exchange or local refineries. Because of limited information provided by the relevant customers, Kingold
	was unable to identify the name of local refineries pertained to customized products and whether there was a mixture of recycled
	gold and raw ore. 


	 


	As a result of the inquiry and the assessment, for gold sourced
	from the Exchange either by Kingold or Kingold’s customers, the Company noted that: (i) information marked on gold leads
	to the identification of the refineries; (ii) some gold used in its products may not originate from the Covered Countries; (iii)
	the Exchange, as the only authorized platform for gold trading in China and under regulation of the central bank, has the database
	recording movement of all gold traded.


	 


	Kingold compared the names of the two identified refineries
	against the CFSI list of certified smelters to confirm whether the refineries are in the list or not.


	 



	Step 3.


	Design and Implementation of Strategies to
	Respond to Identified Risks



	 


	Based on the results of the inquiries and the assessment, Kingold
	clarified the movement of gold from the Exchange and has developed several methods to investigate the list of refineries that have
	produced the gold used in Kingold’s products.


	 


	Kingold is in process of creating a database of refineries whose
	gold is used in its products by requesting refinery certificate from the bank vaults and the Warehouse on each batch it collects.
	For the purpose of due diligence in the future, Kingold has developed conflict minerals reporting template by reference to the
	standard reporting established by the Conflict-Free Sourcing Initiative (CFSI). Regarding customized products, Kingold will ask
	its customers to provide the following information, as appropriate, to conduct due diligence:


	 







	·




	refinery certificates
	from bank vaults and the Warehouse if gold is delivered from the Exchange












	·




	the name of local refineries.





	 



	Step 4.


	Independent Third-Party Audits of Company’s
	Supply Chain



	 


	Kingold has no direct business relationships with refineries
	and does not perform or direct audits of these entities within its supply chain. Kingold relies on certain industry initiatives,
	such as the Conflict-Free Smelter Programs, for independent third-party audit information.


	 



	Step 5.


	Reporting on Supply Chain Due Diligence



	 


	With the preparation and submission of this Conflict Minerals
	Report, the Company has provided a public report of its due diligence measures with regard to the sourcing of Conflict Minerals.
	A copy of this report is publicly available at www.kingoldjewelry.com.



	 





	 





	 





	 









	3.






	Results of Due Diligence






	 


	Based on the inquiries made to the bank vaults and the Warehouse
	and after exercising the due diligences measures described above, Kingold could not, with respect to the information gathered,
	form a basis for a reasonable belief that none of the gold used in its branded and customized products originated in the Covered
	Countries.


	 


	The bank vaults and the Warehouse have disclosed the name of
	two major refineries (namely Rand Refinery (PTY) Ltd and Argor-Heraeus SA) which provided most of the gold supply. Kingold noted
	that these two identified refineries are on the list of CFSI’s certified Conflict Free Smelters (CFS). Since the bank vaults
	and the Warehouse have already archived most of their past records, they could not provide the details of refineries pertained
	to gold used in Kingold’s products in 2015. Because of passage of time, Kingold was unable to identify the name of local
	refineries pertained to customized products


	 


	As such, the Company has concluded that the gold used in the
	branded and customized products is “DRC conflict undeterminable.”



	 









	4.






	Steps to be Taken
	to Mitigate Risks






	 


	In the coming years, Kingold will take the following steps,
	along with the due diligence measures described above, to improve its Conflict Minerals management program and to further mitigate
	risks that gold used in Kingold’s branded and customized products may directly or indirectly finance armed groups in the
	Covered Countries:


	 







	·




	To request for refinery
	certificate from the bank vaults and the Warehouse on each collection of gold, and update its database of refineries on a regular
	basis;












	·




	To include a Conflict
	Minerals clause in business agreement with Kingold’s customers for customized products, request for the source and origins
	of gold from customers on each supply of gold.





	 




	 



































Kingold Jewelry, Inc. Issues Open Letter to Shareholders-PR Newswire Asia






































Home Page

				 > 

				News Releases

				 > 

				Industry News


				 >

				Kingold Jewelry, Inc. Issues Open Letter to Shareholders

			




×







							Consumer Products & Retail

						




							Entertainment & Media

						









Kingold Jewelry, Inc. Issues Open Letter to Shareholders
2011-05-03 10:38
















































 





WUHAN CITY, China, May 2, 2011 /PRNewswire-Asia/ -- Kingold Jewelry, Inc.  ("Kingold" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: KGJI), one of China's leading  manufacturers and designers of 24-karat gold jewelry and ornaments, today  released an open letter to shareholders from the Company's Chairman, Zhihong  Jia, discussing Kingold's platform for sustainable growth and dedication to  strong corporate governance.


Dear Kingold Shareholders,
I am writing to thank you for your ongoing commitment to Kingold Jewelry,  especially during the challenging current market environment for reverse mergers  ("RTOs/reverse takeovers") of China based operating companies that trade on  United States exchanges.  The problems that have surfaced among China RTOs  appear to emanate largely from failures in corporate governance practices and,  in a few cases, reflect blatant fraud.  In the hope of allaying any concerns you  may have, I would like to review ways in which Kingold has built a solid  platform for sustainable growth while maintaining rigorous corporate governance  standards.
Kingold operates a sustainable, low risk business model. 
We have established a market leading position in China's gold jewelry  industry, which only opened to the private sector in 2002.  Unlike many of our  peers who are conglomerates or who operate in the broader non-gold jewelry  category, Kingold focuses exclusively on 24-karat gold products.  Furthermore,  we have specialized in design and manufacturing, rather than branching out into  wholesale distribution and retailing businesses.  We have placed a strong  emphasis on product quality and serving our valued customers.  Importantly, we  have not made a single acquisition to date and we plan to continue on an organic  growth strategy going forward.  
We are proud of our progress in developing our new line of  investment-oriented gold products as well as our line of proprietary MGold brand  jewelry.  We believe our current capital base and cash flow are sufficient to  meet our near-term capital requirements.
A major benefit of our business model is a low level of accounts receivable.   We set the price for our products at the time a customer places a purchase  order, we then buy the gold to produce the products ordered and are paid in full  when we deliver the finished goods to the customer.  Kingold had less than $1.2  million of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2010, a negligible amount for  a business that generated $523 million in 2010 revenues.
Kingold is dedicated to transparency and strong financial and operational  controls.
Our business model is inherently transparent as Kingold produces only  24-karat gold products and we purchase our gold exclusively from the Shanghai  Gold Exchange (the "Exchange"). All these purchases can be independently  verified. In addition, some of our gold is supplied by our customers for  customized production. In 2010, we produced a total of 26 tons of gold products,  of which approximately 14.7 tons of gold was purchased from the Exchange and  11.3 tons was supplied by customers.  
Moreover, our tax records in China are transparent and match the numbers  reported in the United States.  As a result of our focused business model, the  fair market value of our inventory, which is comprised entirely of 24-karat  gold, can be easily determined.  
Finally, stringent financial controls are a company-wide priority, from the  ground up to our Board of Directors ("Board"), and finally to me. We recently  hired a well-regarded consulting firm in China to bolster our internal controls  and 404 compliance who conducted an in-depth review of our internal control over  financial reporting and continues to support us regarding financial controls.  When we had an issue with a non-cash stock compensation expense resulting from  the issuance of 100,000 shares of restricted common stock that was previously  disclosed, we hired a Big 4 accounting firm to evaluate the effect of the  expense on our financial statements which resulted in a de minimis charge. Our  decisive action demonstrates our commitment to achieving a very high standard of  corporate governance. Our goal is to have the best corporate governance of any  Chinese company listed on a U.S. exchange.      
Kingold has a dedicated management team and board of directors.
I started Kingold shortly after liberalization of the jewelry industry in  2002; I was attracted to the sector as a result of my previous experience  managing gold mines on behalf of the PRC army. I have worked hard to surround  myself with the best possible team to help me realize what I believe to be a  unique opportunity, that of becoming the undisputed leader in China's 24-karat  gold jewelry manufacturing industry.
The day to day operations of Kingold are managed by our general manager, Bin  Zhao, an industry veteran with close to 20 years of experience, together with a  highly skilled team of professionals. Our CFO, Bin Liu, has more than 15 years  of global capital markets experience and, before joining us, served as a vice  president of Citigroup's Financial Institution Cards business.  I have no family  members involved in any aspect of Kingold's business nor do I have any other  businesses.
Kingold also is distinguished by a strong Board with independent directors  that include Professor H. David Sherman, a U.S. Certified Public Accountant who  serves as Chairman of our audit committee. Since 1985, Dr. Sherman has been a  Professor at Northeastern University, College of Business. In addition, Dr.  Sherman, who earned his MBA and doctorate at the Harvard Graduate School of  Business Administration, was on the faculty of the MIT Sloan School of  Management, an Adjunct Professor of INSEAD (France) and an Adjunct Professor of  Tufts Medical School, Department of Public Health. He also served as an Academic  Fellow at the Securities and Exchange Commission from 2004 through 2005. Our  other independent directors are Binnan Zhang, Vice President and  Secretary-General of the China Gold Association and a Director of the Beijing  Gold Economic Research Center, and Xaixiao Xu, Director of Cinda Securities Co.,  Ltd. in Beijing.
We invite inquiries from shareholders who have an interest in better  understanding our business and also welcome prospective investors, analysts and  other interested parties to visit our facility and management team in Wuhan, to  see first-hand the quality of our 24-karat gold manufacturing operations. If you  are interested in reviewing our Chinese tax records and/or our gold purchases  from the Exchange, please contact our CFO, Bin Liu, on 212-509-1700 or by e-mail  at bl@kingoldjewelry.com to set up an  appointment.
In conclusion, we want to be known as a very open and transparent company,  led by a management team dedicated to operational excellence and building  shareholder value.  We will work hard together with our Board to ensure that  investors are provided with sufficient information to enable them to  differentiate Kingold from other companies with weaker fundamentals.
We remain optimistic that Kingold will be among the first companies to be  recognized as representing outstanding value among rapidly growing Chinese  companies recently listed in the United States.
Thank you for taking the time to read this letter.  
Yours sincerely,
Zhihong Jia
Chairman & CEO
AboutKingold Jewelry, Inc.:
Kingold Jewelry, Inc. (NASDAQ: KGJI), centrally located in Wuhan City, one of  China's largest cities, was founded in 2002 and today is one of China's leading  designers and manufacturers of 24-karat gold jewelry and ornaments sold by  weight. The Company sells both directly to retailers as well as through major  distributors across China. Kingold has received numerous industry awards and has  been a member of the Shanghai Gold Exchange since 2003. Sales have grown  from $29 million in FY 2006 to $523 million in FY 2010 with net income  attributable to common stockholders growing from $1.3 million to $18.2  million over the same period. For more information, please visit www.kingoldjewelry.com.
Business Risks and Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to  the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities  Exchange Act of 1934. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ  materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. In addition,  please refer to the risk factors contained in Kingold's SEC filings available  at www.sec.gov,  including Kingold's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports  on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any  forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are  made. Kingold undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking  statements for any reason.


   



Company Contact: 

Investor Relations  Contact: 
 



Kingold Jewelry,  Inc 

CCG Investor  Relations 
 



Bin Liu, CFO 

Kalle Ahl, CFA 
 



Phone: +1-212-509-1700 (US) /  +86-27-6569-4977 (China) 

Phone: +1-646-833-3417 (New  York) 
 



Email: bl@kingoldjewelry.com 

Email: kalle.ahl@ccgir.com  
 



www.kingoldjewelry.com 

www.ccgir.com 
 


 
 









Source: Kingold Jewelry, Inc.

Related stocks: 

							NASDAQ-CM:KGJI


















Featured Video









Related Keywords: 
Fashion
Household/Consumer/Cosmetics
Retail


Recent Releases




									Kingold Jewelry Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results

									
2017-05-11




									Kingold Jewelry to Announce 2017 First Quarter Financial Results and Schedules Conference Call

									
2017-05-11




									Kingold Jewelry Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results Highlighted by Annual Sales of $1.4 Billion and Record Net Income

									
2017-03-30




									Kingold Jewelry to Announce 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results and Schedules Conference Call

									
2017-03-01




									Kingold Jewelry Outlines 2017 Strategy in Open Letter to Shareholders

									
2016-12-29




									

								Go to MediaRoom





Fashion Recent Releases





												All that glitters at the 60th edition of Bangkok Gems & Jewelry Fair

												
2017-08-02




												Oud Essentials Active in the Transfer Market -- More Industry Experts Joining the New, Dynamic Brand

												
2017-07-31




												KAIHARA DENIM Launches "Cruising JEANS" -- World's First Denim Exposed to Sea Breezes

												
2017-07-25




												Louis Moinet Launches Singapore Edition Watch - Swiss Precision and Singapore Soul

												
2017-07-25




												2017 Sanya Global Wedding and Honeymoon Island Forum successfully concluded

												
2017-07-24

Read more


Household/Consumer/Cosmetics Recent Releases





												TUV Rheinland wins a string of new SNI safety certifications from Indonesia's Ministry of Industry

												
2017-08-03




												There's A New Entrant To The Luxury Skincare Market In Singapore: New Zealand Secret

												
2017-08-02




												115 Years and Cooler Than Ever -- Carrier Celebrates the 115th Anniversary of Modern Air Conditioning

												
2017-08-01




												Estée Lauder Names Misty Copeland Global Spokesmodel for Modern Muse Fragrance

												
2017-07-31




												Yiwugou initially Set Up Online National Pavilions for Four Countries

												
2017-07-31

Read more


Retail Recent Releases





												Thailand's TCP Group targets to triple sales to US$3 billion in five years

												
2017-08-02




												LINE FRIENDS Opens Large-Scale Flagship Store in New York's Times Square

												
2017-08-01




												Yiwugou initially Set Up Online National Pavilions for Four Countries

												
2017-07-31




												Nobu Hospitality To Rebrand The Epiphany Hotel Palo Alto

												
2017-07-28




												Estée Lauder Reveals Campaign for Second Limited Edition Makeup Collection With Victoria Beckham

												
2017-07-27

Read more

















 








简体中文 | 
繁體中文 | 
日本語 | 
한국어 | 
Bahasa Indonesia









Advanced Search
Search















									News Releases
								

  





									Events
								



















Close






























Sign in / Register
Global sites








Products & Services
News Releases
Knowledge Center
For Journalists & Media
Multimedia Theater
Contact Us








About PR Newswire
Contact PR Newswire
Conditions of Services
Careers
Site Map
RSS Feeds




			Copyright © 2003-2017 PR Newswire All Rights Reserved.
			A Cision company.








Overview
Press Release Distribution
Media Monitoring & Intelligence
Disclosure & Investor Communications 
Engagement
Customer FAQ





Request More Information
Asia Offices
Alert / Newsletter Subscription
Social Media Sites





Journalist Login
Expert Login
Enterprise login





Brazil
Canada
Europe
France
India
Israel
Mexico
Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States
































 



 Kingold Jewelry, Inc. to Manufacture 24-Karat Gold Investment-oriented Products for Bank of 
         










    










 






 











 









Kingold Jewelry, Inc. to Manufacture 24-Karat Gold Investment-oriented Products for Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.

Apr 06, 2011, 14:43 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Kingold Jewelry, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


WUHAN CITY, China, April 6, 2011 /PRNewswire-Asia/ -- Kingold Jewelry, Inc (NASDAQ:   KGJI), one of China's leading manufacturers and designers of 24-karat gold jewelry and ornaments, today announced that it has entered into an agreement with Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. to design and manufacture 24-karat gold investment-oriented products for resale by the Bank to customers in its retail banking network throughout Hubei Province, China. The deal will serve as a pilot project which Kingold ultimately hopes will extend to the Bank's other locations throughout China.
Under the agreement, Kingold will design and manufacture 24-karat gold investment-oriented products, including coins, bars and ornaments, on behalf of the Bank. Kingold's contract with the Bank extends for one year, and is renewable at end of that term. While Kingold expects to hire additional labor to assist in the production of 24-karat gold products for the Bank, Kingold does not anticipate that it will incur incremental capital expenditures for either manufacturing equipment or for facilities in connection with this agreement. Kingold expects this relationship to begin contributing meaningfully to its overall revenue in the second half of 2011.
The agreement with the Bank further advances Kingold's strategy to build a new line of complimentary 24-karat gold investment-oriented products.  It is expected that the new product line, which caters to the affinity of Chinese consumers for gold as a store of wealth will, on average, generate higher gross margin than that of its traditional gold jewelry and ornament lines.
"We are very pleased to announce this new relationship with Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. on the heels of our recent agreement with China Merchants Bank," said Mr. Zhihong Jia, Chairman and CEO of Kingold. "The Bank has a strong presence in Hubei, one of China's largest provinces with a population of roughly 60 million. We intend to provide the finest quality 24-karat gold products to customers located throughout the Bank's network of 79 retail branches across Hubei Province.  We will continue to pursue similar arrangements with other world class financial institutions in China, aiming to grow Kingold's revenues and enhance overall profitability."
About Kingold Jewelry, Inc.:
Kingold Jewelry, Inc. (NASDAQ:   KGJI), centrally located in Wuhan City, China's fourth largest city, was founded in 2002 and today is one of China's leading designers and manufacturers of 24-karat gold jewelry and ornaments sold by weight. The Company sells both directly to retailers as well as through major distributors across China. Kingold has received numerous industry awards and has been a member of the Shanghai Gold Exchange since 2003. Sales have grown from $29 million in FY 2006 to $523 million in FY 2010 with net income attributable to common stockholders growing from $1.3 million to $18.2 million over the same period. For more information, please visit www.kingoldjewelry.com.
About Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. is one of the leading banks in the world and was founded in 1908. The Bank has 2,643 retail branches across China with total assets of roughly $600 billion at the end of 2010.  Bank of Communications Co. Ltd's Hubei Division covers the entire Hubei Province, with a total of 79 branches and 150 sub-branches, and total assets of more than $15 billion.
Business Risks and Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in Kingold's SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including Kingold's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. Kingold undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason.

Company Contact:
Kingold Jewelry, Inc 
Bin Liu, CFO
Phone: +1-212-509-1700 (US) / +86-27-6569-4977 (China)
Email: bl@kingoldjewelry.com 
www.kingoldjewelry.com  
Investor Relations Contact:
CCG Investor Relations 
Kalle Ahl, CFA
Phone: +1-646-833-3417 (New York) 
Email: kalle.ahl@ccgir.com 
www.ccgir.com 



 SOURCE  Kingold Jewelry, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.kingoldjewelry.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 08, 2011, 09:27 ET
Preview: Kingold to Open Showroom and Distribution Center in Shenzhen, China's Jewelry Hub













Mar 31, 2011, 07:00 ET
Preview: Kingold Jewelry, Inc. Reports Record Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Results






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





Mar 29, 2017, 16:11 ET
Kingold Jewelry Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results








Mar 29, 2017, 16:11 ET
Kingold Jewelry to Announce 2017 First Quarter Financial Results...








Mar 29, 2017, 16:11 ET
Kingold Jewelry Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 







KINGOLD JEWELRY INC. quote - Product overview - NASDAQ Stocks 















 










 
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.














     















Deutsch





español





suomi





français





italiano





Nederlands





português





русский





svenska





中文









Member's area



Login
Sign up
FAQ



















 Stock exchange


All Stocks


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US Tech 150


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


All indices


Europe Indices


NASDAQ COMPOSITE


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL


S&P500


FTSE 100


NIKKEI 225


EURO STOXX 50


CAC40


DAX30


IBEX 35


FTSE MIB 40


 Forex


All currency pairs


Forex (47 main pairs)


Forex (128 currency pairs)


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


 Commodities


All commodities


Gold (XAUUSD)


Silver (XAGUSD)


BRENT & WTI CRUDE OIL


Ranking


Products ranking


Traders ranking


Need technical analysis?


Technical analysis request


All technical analysis







 Stock exchange


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US NYSE Market 50


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


Major stock indices


Europe Indices


Indices Futures


Sector indices


United States


France


Germany


Spain


Italy


Netherlands


 Forex


128 currency pairs


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


 Commodities


All commodities







 Stock exchange


All Stocks


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US Tech 150


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


All indices


Europe Indices


NASDAQ COMPOSITE


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL


S&P500


FTSE 100


NIKKEI 225


EURO STOXX 50


CAC40


DAX30


IBEX 35


FTSE MIB 40


 Forex


All currency pairs


Forex (47 main pairs)


Forex (128 currency pairs)


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


EUR/USD


USD/JPY


 Commodities


All commodities


Other categories


Economic news


Political news


Financial markets


Global news







 Groups


Active Groups


Popular groups


New Groups


Groups Forum


 Forum


Main Forum


Stocks Forum


Indices Forum


Forex Forum


Commodities Forum


 Social Networks


CentralCharts Twitter


 Widgets & Services


Centralcharts' widget






 
 





Number of analysis



Number of traders



Since last analysis


 
Find a Product / Trader / Group :


Narrow your search...

Stocks
Forex
Indices
Commodities

Warrants
Bonds
ETF
Futures


Traders
Groups














 


















 



KINGOLD JEWELRY INC. 





OverviewQuotesChartNewsAnalysisWarrantsProfileWallForum 


 




-
 USD				
(-)

  15 min delay - NASDAQ Stocks 










Open:
-


Change:
-


Volume:
-










Low:
-


High:
-


High / Low range:
-








Type:
Stocks


Ticker:
KGJI


ISIN:

 
















Overview


Quotes


Chart


News


Analysis


Warrants


Profile


Wall


Forum














 






KINGOLD JEWELRY INC. overview



5 days quotes  15 min delay - NASDAQ Stocks



07/28/201707/31/201708/01/201708/02/201708/03/2017
 


Last1.671.631.621.621.64


Change (%)+2.45%-2.40%-0.61%+0.00%+1.24%


Volume19,87918,21013,0638,9301,100







5 days change : +0.61%






						KINGOLD JEWELRY INC. - More quotes...
Lastest analysis



No technical analysis



Lastest news



Kingold Jewelry Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results 



Kingold Jewelry to Announce 2017 First Quarter Financial Results and Schedules Conference Call 



Kingold Jewelry Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results Highlighted by Annual Sales of $1.4 Billion and Record Net Income 



Kingold Jewelry to Announce 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results and Schedules Conference Call 



Kingold Jewelry Outlines 2017 Strategy in Open Letter to Shareholders 





								KINGOLD JEWELRY INC. - More news...

Lastest discussions



No discussion












Follow this product



Post an Analysis




Request an analysis





							Add to a list						


Technical analysis requests

No technical analysis requests
See all analysis requests 



Statistics


Analysis							:0 
Follower(s) :0 




Currently on this Wall



Join these members now



				Activity on				KINGOLD JEWELRY INC.			





 





 





































Kingold Jewelry, Inc. Announces Recently Increased Guidance-PR Newswire Asia






































Home Page

				 > 

				News Releases

				 > 

				Industry News


				 >

				Kingold Jewelry, Inc. Announces Recently Increased Guidance

			




×







							Energy

						




							Entertainment & Media

						









Kingold Jewelry, Inc. Announces Recently Increased Guidance
2011-08-12 21:59
















































 





WUHAN CITY, China, August 12, 2011 /PRNewswire-Asia/ -- Kingold Jewelry, Inc. ("Kingold" or the "Company") (NASDAQ: KGJI), one of China's leading manufacturers and designers of 24-karat gold jewelry and ornaments, today announced that the Company increased its full year 2011 guidance on August 8, 2011.       On August 8, 2011, the Company increased its full year 2011 revenue guidance to a range of between $800 million and $850 million, up from prior guidance of between $720 million and $780 million. The Company also raised its full year 2011 net income guidance to a range of between $32 million and $34 million, up from prior guidance of between of $30 million and $32 million. Based on management's estimate of weighted average diluted share count for 2011, the guidance corresponds to earnings per diluted share of $0.63 to $0.67.   The Company's guidance assumes, among other things, relatively stable gold prices for the remainder of the year, no additional capital raises in 2011, and meaningful contribution from its new line of investment-oriented gold products in the second half of 2011.    About Kingold Jewelry, Inc.:Kingold Jewelry, Inc. (NASDAQ: KGJI), centrally located in Wuhan City, one of China's largest cities, was founded in 2002 and today is one of China's leading designers and manufacturers of 24-karat gold jewelry and ornaments sold by weight. The Company sells both directly to retailers as well as through major distributors across China. Kingold has received numerous industry awards and has been a member of the Shanghai Gold Exchange since 2003. Sales have grown from $29 million in FY 2006 to $523 million in FY 2010 with net income attributable to common stockholders growing from $1.3 million to $18.2 million over the same period. For more information, please visit www.kingoldjewelry.com.Company Contact:Kingold Jewelry, Inc Bin Liu, CFOPhone: +1-212-509-1700 (US) / +86-27-6569-4977 (China)Email: bl@kingoldjewelry.com www.kingoldjewelry.com Investor Relations Contact:CCG Investor Relations Kalle Ahl, CFAPhone: +1-646-833-3417 (New York) E-mail: kalle.ahl@ccgir.com www.ccgir.com 



Source: Kingold Jewlery, Inc.

Related stocks: 

							NASDAQ-CM:KGJI


















Featured Video









Related Keywords: 
Fashion
Jewelry
Mining/Metals


Recent Releases




									Kingold Jewelry Reports 2017 First Quarter Financial Results

									
2017-05-11




									Kingold Jewelry to Announce 2017 First Quarter Financial Results and Schedules Conference Call

									
2017-05-11




									Kingold Jewelry Reports 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results Highlighted by Annual Sales of $1.4 Billion and Record Net Income

									
2017-03-30




									Kingold Jewelry to Announce 2016 Fourth Quarter and Year End Financial Results and Schedules Conference Call

									
2017-03-01




									Kingold Jewelry Outlines 2017 Strategy in Open Letter to Shareholders

									
2016-12-29




									

								Go to MediaRoom





Fashion Recent Releases





												All that glitters at the 60th edition of Bangkok Gems & Jewelry Fair

												
2017-08-02




												Oud Essentials Active in the Transfer Market -- More Industry Experts Joining the New, Dynamic Brand

												
2017-07-31




												KAIHARA DENIM Launches "Cruising JEANS" -- World's First Denim Exposed to Sea Breezes

												
2017-07-25




												Louis Moinet Launches Singapore Edition Watch - Swiss Precision and Singapore Soul

												
2017-07-25




												2017 Sanya Global Wedding and Honeymoon Island Forum successfully concluded

												
2017-07-24

Read more


Jewelry Recent Releases





												All that glitters at the 60th edition of Bangkok Gems & Jewelry Fair

												
2017-08-02




												Louis Moinet Launches Singapore Edition Watch - Swiss Precision and Singapore Soul

												
2017-07-25




												Lee Hwa Jewellery Launches Its Romance Campaign With The Ensemble Collection

												
2017-07-20




												Finalists selected in Xifu International Gold Wedding Jewellery Design Competition 2017

												
2017-07-07




												Sihui City: China's New Exemplary Cultural Center of Jade Taking Shape

												
2017-06-29

Read more


Mining/Metals Recent Releases





												Frost & Sullivan North America Summit Navigates Imminent Digital Transformation set to Disrupt Manufacturing Workforce

												
2017-08-03




												Fosun's joint-venture Nanjing Nangang completes acquisition of leading German automotive supplier Koller Beteiligungs GmbH

												
2017-08-03




												China Metal Resources Utilization Limited Proposed Issue of HK$600 Million Convertible Bonds to China Huarong International and Prosper Rich

												
2017-08-01




												Provisur Acquires Lutetia

												
2017-08-01




												XCMG's Global Excellent Operator program highlights intelligent technology

												
2017-07-27

Read more

















 








简体中文 | 
繁體中文 | 
日本語 | 
한국어 | 
Bahasa Indonesia









Advanced Search
Search















									News Releases
								

  





									Events
								



















Close






























Sign in / Register
Global sites








Products & Services
News Releases
Knowledge Center
For Journalists & Media
Multimedia Theater
Contact Us








About PR Newswire
Contact PR Newswire
Conditions of Services
Careers
Site Map
RSS Feeds




			Copyright © 2003-2017 PR Newswire All Rights Reserved.
			A Cision company.








Overview
Press Release Distribution
Media Monitoring & Intelligence
Disclosure & Investor Communications 
Engagement
Customer FAQ





Request More Information
Asia Offices
Alert / Newsletter Subscription
Social Media Sites





Journalist Login
Expert Login
Enterprise login





Brazil
Canada
Europe
France
India
Israel
Mexico
Netherlands
United Kingdom
United States











