


Import And Export Company in Oman,Wholesale Marketing Services Oman 




























Translate















Category









                      
Advanced Search













Home

About Us

Businesses

Product Range

Career

Media

Contact us




 Wholesale
Retail 
Special Project 

















Welcome To Babil International LLC 

Babil International LLC was established in April 1991 as an import and export company based at the Sultanate of Oman. The imports were started mainly from China, India and also from neighbouring GCC countries. Later the business was enhanced by establishing imports from many other countries like Germany, Malaysia, Indonesia, U K, Singapore, Cyprus, Iran, Brazil, Turkey, Italy, and Greece. Presently Babil International LLC is a group of companies equipped to cater the needs of the modern Oman through its range of products and services by establishing itself as one of the most dynamic business group in the sultanate with a well-trained and efficient work force. The assiduity of the efficient and hardworking team made the company a propelling growth within a short span of time.   With the annual turnover of 12 Million Riyal Omani, Babil group has diversified in to several…

Read More














Wholesale Division
    Wholesale Marketing a division of Babil group distributes some of the internationally… 
Read More









Retail Division
These are segments of retail stores promoted by Babil group - Designed to meet the needs of the… 
Read More









Special Project Division
In May 2003 we started this division to look in to the tender notices from various government institutions…  
Read More









 




Quick Links

Home
About Us
Businesses
Product Range
Career


Media
News
Feedback
Contact us
Sitemap





Social Networks
Follow
 with Us:

   
  













copyright  © 2017 Babil International LLC.
 All Rights Reserved . 







Developed and Managed by WeblinkIndia.NET





























Homepage | Oman Trading International










































Skip to main content








Toggle navigation





















Energy Trading
 Oman Trading International is a leading commodity trading company with a presence in multiple geographies. 
We specialise in trading crude oil, petroleum products, petrochemicals and LNG.
 Learn more about us
 








Global Reach
 Our combination of talented human capital, world class trading systems and robust processes underpins Oman Trading International's success as a reliable supplier of energy to global markets.
 Find out more about our services
 








Market Leaders
 A trusted and respected player in the international energy market, with capacity across the value chain, our exceptional performance since inception is testament to our expertise.
 Learn more about our performance
 






 




 










 






Learn more



Our Products

Our Services

Our Reach


 

News Feed




17.12.15
Oman Trading International selects Allegro for its energy trading
 London, 16th December 2015 – Oman Trading International (OTI) and Allegro Development Corporation today announced that OTI has chosen the Allegro 8 platform to manage its oil and refined products trading business. 

08.12.15
OTI becomes 100% government owned
 Muscat, November 26th 2015 – Oman Trading International (OTI) was incorporated in 2006 as a joint venture between Oman Oil Company (OOC) and Vitol. 

13.08.14
OTI launches a new commercial representative office in Shanghai
 Shanghai, September 12th 2014 – Reinstating its commitment to explore new market opportunities and to benefit from the Asian markets, the Oman Trading International has newly inaugurated its representative trading office in Shanghai in China, the fifth global office for the compa 



 












OMASCO Website










   















































































































  



































































When you take a look at the magnificent range of rolex replica on sale, you are bound to be astounded by the sheer brilliance of the collection. One of the widest ranges of replica watches are available right here¡ªWatchcopiez, and are undoubtedly the most loyalty inspiring brands in the world. When someone buys rolex replica and gets used to it, he gets used to it for life! It is extremely difficult to get a person wearing a replica watches sale to move out of the brand and shift to something else. The reason is simple. rolex replica sale have a spectacular personality and they exude confidence, charm and manliness. Take for instance the replica watches sale.









Khimji Ramdas - Corporate


































عربي


                	Search



Brand Locator



About UsProfileVision & MissionThe VisionariesBoard of DirectorsOrganisational StructureInfrastructural StrengthsCore StrengthsCSRBrand PortfolioBusinessesConsumer ProductsLifestyleInfrastructureProjects & LogisticsKR InternationalCareersCareers at KRWhat to expectLocation detailsEmployee speakMediaKR in the newsPress ReleasesAdvertisementsPress KitCorporate ProfileCorporate LogoMedia ContactVideo GalleryPicture GalleryDownloadsScreen SaversCorporate BrochureCorporate PresentationContact UsOmanInternationalLocation mapHome











Consumer Products GroupRetail Supermarket ChainsROP Social Welfare MarketsOman Oil Quick ShopsSPAR InternationalProcter & GambleKellogg'sPalmersRed BullBel GroupeConsumer AgenciesPharmaceuticalsKaya Skin ClinicCommoditiesPhilip Morris (Marlboro)Lifestyle GroupKhimji’s WatchesKhimji’s Luxury & LifestyleKhimji’s Restaurants & CafesPizza HutThe BollywoodCaffe Vergnano 1882Khimji Training InstituteInfrastructure GroupConstructionPaintsBuilding MaterialsAir Conditioning & RefrigerationAppliances & KitchensElectrical ProductsOffice Furniture & Storage SolutionsAl Ahlia Environmental ServicesMarine ProjectsEngineering Products and ServicesConstruction Services LLCInformation & Communication TechnologySports Equipment and FitnessProjects & Logistics GroupKR ShippingBlue Eagle LogisticsAir CargoKR Insurance ServicesKhimji's House of TravelSpecial ProjectsAutomobile & Defense ProjectsAutomotive UnitMiddle East Fuji Khimji'sSchenker Khimji'sKuehne+NagelKhimji's SparkleKR InternationalIndiaUAEKhimji Ramdas ShippingKR & SonsKR Commodity DivisionMiddle East Fuji Khimji’s 
OUR BRANDS
































Through its unwavering focus, fuelled by the passion to lead, Khimji Ramdas (KR) has grown into one of the biggest conglomerates in Oman. A distinct attribute, that has helped the Company consistently maintain It's leadership position. Moving from strength to strength since it's inception in 1870, KR has evolved to become a well-diversified Business Group in 4 key areas:
Consumer Products | Infrastructure | Lifestyle | Projects & Logistics
TO KNOW MORE ABOUT US....


News Updates


Eshraqa KR CSR Arm helping community building initiatives -Times of Oman - 30 July 2017

KR social development arm Eshraqa declares Ramadan contest winner - Muscat Daily - 27 July 2017

Eshraqa supports the 15th Izki Mass Wedding ­ Muscat Daily - 17 July 2017

Sony appoints Khimji Ramdas as dealer for medical products and solutions in Oman - Oman Tribune - 10 July 2017

Eshraqa, KR Social Development Arm, Participates In Annual Blood Donation Drive, Muscat daily,19th of June 2017

Khimji Ramdas hosts Ramadan Iftar for employees - Muscat Daily - 12 June 2017

KR's social development arm Eshraqa participates in paper recycling drive - Muscat Daily - 8th June 2017

Eshraqa distributed 6,000 Ramadan boxes - Observer - 29 May 2017

Spar’s ‘Pure’ Super Tonic: An Ideal diet choice - Times of Oman - 04 June 2017

Future Group joins hands with Oman based Khimji Ramdas LLC to foray into the international market - Times of Oman - 18 May 2017

 













Copyright © 2017 Khimji Ramdas LLC, All Right Reserved |   Designed & Developed by 72dpi    |  Sitemap  |  Privacy Policy 















	Advertising International Company LLC | Omzest


 



































Search





http://www.omzest.com  echo $site_description; ?>
 




Home
About

Vision & Mission

Business Verticals

Construction & Contracting
Manufacturing
Services
Trading & Representation
Training & Education
Financial Services & Investments


Principal Agencies
Quality Recognition


Businesses

Advertising, Media & PR
Automotive
Financial Services & Investments
Chemicals
Construction
Consumer Products
Healthcare
Industrial
Industrial catering
Info Tech
Maintenance and Services
Marine
Office Automation
Oil & Gas
Shipping & Logistics
Telecommunication
Textiles
Trading
Training & Education
Travel & Cargo


Careers

Discover Omzest
Working With Us
Working in Oman
Zawawi Executive Services
Browse Vacancies & Apply


News
Contact
Companies
Check Mail
User Admin

			   	 


Advertising International Company LLC






When we started business, two decades ago, we launched some of Oman’s most popular brands. Now we are 22, but our passion for our brands remains unchanged! And our exclusive association with DDB starting September 2012, empowers us to bring the knowledge of global learning to our communication counsel.

With over 2 decades of presence in Oman, we are one of the leading integrated communications agencies in Oman. We understand that business dynamics are changing faster these days and every brand needs to make greater impact in the minds of its consumers. The same goes with us as well. And that keeps us going. The passion and hunger for more impactful work. Work that actually works in the market, for our clients – be it at a local, regional or global stage
Set up in 1991 by the OMZEST Group, our services span Advertising, Public Relations, Events, Market Research, Media planning & buying and Out- of-Home. We pride ourselves on having handled almost every product category in the country. Key clients include Omzest Group companies as well as leading business houses and industry giants in Oman.
 Starting with just a handful of people, ADINC DDB now employs more than 25 professionally skilled and experienced personnel. Our mult-national team has a strong quotient of young, professional talented Omanis. This gives us unique insights into our customers’ hearts and psyches. Our think tanks are veterans who understand the business of communication, have a proven track record in established markets and are committed to raising industry benchmarks.
Awards we have won such as the Certificate of Merit at Cresta Awards, New York and the Golden Award at Montreux showcase our skills. But above all, it is the long lasting partnership we have built with our brands that is the true judge of our work.
DDB Worldwide Communications Group Inc (www.ddb.com) ranks among the top five consolidated advertising and marketing services global networks, according to Advertising Age. DDB emphasizes Social Creativity to grow the value and influence of brands around the world by creating ideas that people want to play with, participate in and pass along. The agency is consistently one of the most awarded at the Cannes Festival of Creativity and was recognized by The Gunn Report as one of the Top 3 Global Networks for 10 of the last 12 years. DDB was also recently named the Spikes Asia Network of the Year for the second consecutive year and the Eurobest Network of the Year for the third consecutive year.
DDB Worldwide is part of Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) and consists of more than 200 offices in over 90 countries.
Contact Details
Advertising International Company LLC
P.O. Box No. 407 – Al Harthy Complex, Muscat,
Postal Code : 118
Sultanate of Oman
Tel: 24564614
Fax: 24564578
Email: adinc@omzest.com




 


Home | About | Jobs | News | News-Archive | Check Mail | Admin | Disclaimer | Privacy | Sitemap
 © Copyright 2017 OMZEST. All Rights Reserved. 


Mercedes-AMG summer checkThu, 03 Aug 2017 11:15:41  Mercedes-Benz Oman – Commercial Vehicles Welcomes Rory Allen as General ManagerMon, 31 Jul 2017 11:07:07  Mercedes-Benz Oman – Launches Khareef Safety CheckWed, 12 Jul 2017 09:06:32  Mercedes-AMG GT Roadster and GT C RoadsterMon, 10 Jul 2017 07:56:41  Mercedes-Benz Oman – Generous Ramadan Package Ends SoonWed, 14 Jun 2017 14:53:31  The new Mercedes-AMG E 63 S 4MATIC+Sat, 10 Jun 2017 15:00:13  Mercedes Benz Oman celebrates Actros mileage millionairiesTue, 06 Jun 2017 12:22:35  Mercedes-Benz Oman Celebrates Actros Mileage MillionairesMon, 05 Jun 2017 15:05:31  Mercedes-Benz Oman – Innovative Small Repair ProgramMon, 29 May 2017 07:20:32  HSBC Bank Oman wins Euromoney Best bank in Oman 2017 awardFri, 26 May 2017 06:28:29 


214
137
transparent
transparent
40
1
solid
1
left
0
#000000
14
arial, sans-serif
normal
normal

















Oman Oil









عربي | Subscribe | Contact | Feedback | Site Map      Search 






 







Overview 


 Overview
 About our Brand
Milestones
Our Mission
Board of Directors
Management Team
Code Of Ethics


Products and Services


Fuel Retailing
Fuel Cards 
Ahlain(Non Fuel Services) 
Lubricants 
Storage & Distribution 
Aviation fuels 
Commercial fuels 
Bunkering Marine Fuel 


CSR
Customer Service


Customer Service 
omanoil call centre 
Customer Feedback


Current Promotions 
Financials


Investor Relations  
Financial Reports 




Quality HSSE


QHSSE Policy
Environment
QHSSE Awards and Achievements


Career Opportunities


Overview 
Staff Training 
Working in OOMCO
Feedback Processes 
Compensation and Reward 
Vacancies in omanoil 


Contact Us
Media Centre


Gallery
Videos
News


 








 

Oman Oil Marketing Company
Formed in October 2003, Oman Oil Marketing Company (omanoil) has established itself as a leader in the 
				......  Read More…





Online Applications




             Commercial Fuel OrdersFor commercial fuel orders booking and status. 


  Vendors ManagementFor vendors registration, RFQ’s, Tenders.


 Ejaba CardsInvoice Printing and Transaction Analysis 



 e-sponsorship servicee-sponsorship service 










News & Events

OMAN OIL MARKETING COMPANY & AL RAFFD FUND EXTENDS TASWEIK’S DEADLINE
OMAN OIL MARKETING COMPANY CELEBRATES THE LAUNCH OF ‘TASWEIK’
OMAN OIL MARKETING COMPANY INVITES SMES FROM ACROSS THE SULTANATE TO JOIN TASWEIK
More...


Retail map - Country wide

Retail map - Regional





Product & Services
 
omanoil currently operates a network of 178 retail...
 
-Fuel Retailing-Fuel Cards
                -Ejaba Card-Lubricants
                -Ahlain


Promotions
 
A new promotion is coming soon…  
 




Environment
 
Environment...

 
-Aviation fuels-Commercial fuels





Investor Relations
 
Since the 7 year gov moratorium has been lifted
 











 RSS Feed 
            Subscribe to what's new with
            OOMCO


 Oman Oil Marketing Company 
          P O Box 92 
          Postal Code 116 
          Mina Al Fahal
          Sultanate of Oman 

          Phone:(968) 24574100
          Fax:(968) 24574101 


 Quick Links



Promotions
Board of Directors
Quarterly Reports
Annual Reports
Corporate Governance
Feedback




Fuel Retailing
Fuel Cards
Ejaba Card
Basma Cards
Lubricants
Storage & Distribution




Aviation fuels
Commercial fuels


 


 

 Be a fan and follow us
            on facebook 



Omanoil joins hands with Rekaaz as Platinum Sponsor
Company Email Access



 Terms of use |  Privacy Statement © 2017, Oman Oil Marketing Company SAOG 






Al Sulaimi Group

























 
Follow Us on LinkedIn




HOME
ABOUT US

Chairman's Message
Profile
Mission & Vision
Management
Our Skills


COMPANIES

OMAN

Technical Trading Company LLC
Al Mansoor International Co. LLC
Hi - Tech Inspection Services LLC
Advanced Oilfield Technology Co.LLC
International Drilling Technology LLC
Oryx Metal Industries LLC
SJ Abed & Al Sulaimi Catering Group LLC
Wildcat & Al Sulaimi Energy Services L.L.C 	
Muscat Water LLC


UAE

Tech International LLC


SAUDI ARABIA

Qurum Technical Company LLC 




PARTNERS
PROJECTS
MEDIA

News and Events
Gallery


CAREERS

HR Policy
Current Vacancies


CONTACT US



















Company Profile


Chairman's Message
Profile
Mission & Vision
Management
Our Skills




 
 Technical Trading Company LLCwww.ttcoman.com







Technical Trading Co. LLC commenced operations in 1970 with marketing and service facilities in Muscat, Sultanate of Oman and branches in Sohar , Salalah and Nizwa. A leading engineering and industrial products marketing organization, catering to diverse industries in Oman, it is the flagship company of the Al-Sulaimi Group. It has built a reputation for quality and commitment to serve customers with latest technologies and products.

TTC is ISO 9001:2008 certified by Guardian Independent Certification under UKAS accreditation.


oo










Fire, Safety & Security Division

					Fire, Safety & Security Division was established in the year 1970 and since then has been protecting people and property in Oman. It has the widest product range and represents some of the world’s most reputed manufacturers in Oman. The product range includes fire protection systems for building services in Oil & Gas, Petrochemical, Power, Industrial, Commercial, Infrastructural Project; Professional Fire Brigade Products and Safety Products for HSE Markets. Over the years, the division is known for introducing innovative and technologically advanced fire & safety products in Oman.  The division is Specialist Contractor providing Engineered, Intelligent, and Integrated Solutions of Fire Protection Systems. All Known Fire Risks and market segments are being covered and it has to its credit Oman’s first ISO 9001:2008 Accredited Service Center providing Maintenance & Servicing of Fire Protection Systems & Equipment and Safety & Rescue Equipment. It has modern fully equipped service center with a team of qualified, experienced and well trained engineers & technicians to provide Annual Maintenance Contract and Period Service Jobs.





Automotive & Industrial Equipment Division

					Automotive & Industrial Equipment Division, established in 1985, supplies world-renowned brands in the field and is committed to quality after-sales service. Over the years, it has carved a niche for itself as a nerve centre for developing modern, medium to large size garages in the Sultanate. It is a one-stop shop for all air compressor and material handling needs, including, reciprocating air compressors, electric motor driven screw-type air compressors, and diesel engine driven screw-type air compressors & generators.









Welding Division





					Welding Division caters to the pipeline industry, steel fabrication and maintenance companies dealing in welding, cutting, surface preparation products, machine and hydraulic tools. The Division represents several premium brands like Lincoln Electric, Hypertherm, EH Wachs, Graco, and Ajax .

					Welding Repair, Maintenance & Services Division was established more than a decade back with an outlook to serve the industry to fight wear and tear problems and establish friendly metal fusion processes and systems. After more than a decade of service to industries in Oman they have solutions for all wear and fusion problems. They are well equipped with all types of welding services solutions and also take up on site repair services to serve the industry better. 









Welding Repair Maintenance & Service


				 




					Welding Repair, Maintenance & Services Division was established more than a decade back with an outlook to serve the industry to fight wear and tear problems and establish friendly metal fusion processes and systems. After more than a decade of service to industries in Oman they have solutions for all wear and fusion problems. They are well equipped with all types of welding services solutions and also take up on site repair services to serve the industry better.

					 

					 


				 




Elevator and AC MEP Service and Maintenance Division


				 




					Elevator and AC MEP Service and Maintenance Division deals with supply, installation, maintenance and modernization of various brands of elevators, escalators, moving walks and dumbwaiters. The division also undertakes service and maintenance of all types of AC and Refrigeration equipment, not limited to Window AC; Split AC; Package AC, Fan Coil Units, Air Handling Units; Chillers and other commercial and industrial Air conditioning and Refrigeration equipment. The Division markets world class brands like Toshiba Elevators, Fuji HD Elevators, Infra Elevators and air condition brands like Westinghouse & Universal Air.


				 




Equipment Rental Division 

					Equipment Rental Division was primarily established to cater to our customers’ short term rental needs and to help our customers achieve their objectives by delivering and supporting quick, practical and cost effective solutions to their requirements.
					The division provides rental services of products including DIESEL GENERATORS, Compressors with Accessories, Welding Machines for all applications, Tower Lights, Load Testing services, API Standard Double Bunded Fuel Tanks besides additional Turnkey solutions like Installation & Commissioning, Fuel Management and Overhauling and Maintenance services for all brands of Diesel Generators.


				 




Specialized Project Division

					Specialized Project Division was established to fulfill and meet the market demand for the high end requirements. It caters to several sectors such as medical, industrial, commercials, telecommunication, and environmental control. Offers brands like:

					Toshiba Medical Systems pioneer in the fields of Ultrasound, Computed Tomography, Magnetic Resonance Imaging and X-ray.

					Huntair – a recognized leader in custom and mission critical air handling technology, design and manufacturing – was first to invent an “integrated” fan array solution with its FANWALL system and continues to be the industry leader in ongoing research and development to further refine its capabilities.

					 


				 














News & Events

	
		 


	Al Sulaimi Group Holding, one of the largest conglomerate in Oman participated in the 2nd&
Read More


Contact Us
P.O. Box: 1693, Ruwi
        Postal Code: 112
        Sultanate of Oman
        Tel: +968 24700070
        Fax: +968 24790271
        E-mail: info@al-sulaimi.com



Gallery

 

Our Locations






©2017 Al-Sulaimi Group 







Welcome to Gulf International Chemicals (SAOG) - About Us








New Page 1















 



Mission/
                      Vision



Company's
                      Profile



Board of
                      Directors



Approvals



GIC Team
















New Page 1















New Page 1





About Us
Our
                  Products
Projects


What's New
Contact Us 
Home






















 


Company
                            Profile
 


                            GIC manufactures and supplies a proven range of 
							construction chemicals meeting international 
							standards, for the building and construction 
							industries. The quality of the products & services 
							is maintained and assured by the internal & external 
							test programs.

							GIC is oriented to give prompt attention and 
							technical services to Customer requirements and 
							satisfaction. GIC understands the technical needs of 
							various aspects of Construction technology and 
							offers sound and viable solutions to meet them.

							GIC operates to high standards of quality assurance 
							of products at every process stage. Traceable batch 
							numbering system assures quick and timely response. 
							Qualified & experienced technical personnel in 
							Research & Development functions ensure application 
							and market driven product developments, to meet the 
							customer expectations.
 

Name:

Gulf International 
								Chemicals SAOG



                                  Brand Name:

TufBond



                                  Nature of Activity:

Manufacturer and 
								Supplier of Building & Construction Chemicals



                                  Year of Establishment:
  1996



                                  Incorporated:
  Sultanate of Oman



                                  Affiliations:

Capital Market 
								Authority, Oman



                                  Paid up Capital:

$ 2.9 Million



                                  Registration  Nos.:

C R 1/53435/1


Address:

P O Box 132, P C 
								124 Rusayl Industrial Estate, Sultanate of Oman


Office
                                  & Factory Location:

Road No 7, Plot No 
								68, Rusayl Industrial Estate


Bankers:

Bank Muscat & Oman 
								Arab Bank


Telephone
                                  numbers:

00968-24446800, 
								24446882, 24446244


Fax number:

00968-24446808, 
								24446556


E Mail:
info@gicoman.com


Contact Persons:

  Mohamed Al Fadhil - CEO
								Shine Pillai – Sr. Sales Manager (U.A.E) Remesh 
								- Technical Sales Manager (Oman)



Manufacturing 
                            capability:

International Chemicals was established in the 
							year 1996. GIC is in the business of manufacturing 
							and supplying of Construction Chemicals in Sultanate 
							of Oman, and exporting them to various countries.

							GIC manufacturing base is spread over an area of 
							6000 sq.mt and is setup in Oman at Rusayl Industrial 
							Area. The factory is geared up for production of 
							powder products in excess of 22,500 MT / annum and 
							for Admixture & other liquids; the factory has a 
							capacity to produce in excess of 10 million Liters / 
							annum.
							In addition to this, GIC Factory located at Sharjah 
							Industrial Area, UAE has a capacity to produce 27 
							million liters of Admixtures per annum to cater the 
							needs of Ready mix concrete industry. 

							GIC Products are approved by various ministries in 
							Oman and enjoy a fair amount of confidence with all 
							leading Consultants & Specifiers. The retail segment 
							in local markets is well covered and caters through 
							nearly 35 outlets who stock / supply GIC Products to 
							local needs. GIC Products are available across Oman 
							to Salalah, Batinah regions, Sharqiya region, 
							Dhakiliya region, Muscat etc…

Projects in Oman & 
							UAE

							GIC caters to all the local markets (Oman & UAE) in 
							Civil Engineering and Construction field and 
							Building infrastructure and thus is a part of 
							various prestigious Projects like:



Buildings:

Projects:




Grand Mosque, 
								Muscat 
Dibba 
								Hospital, Oman
Royal 
								Hospital, Muscat 
Al Kahal 
								Hospital 
Bait Al Barka 
								Guest Palace 
City Centre 
								(Oman)
Seeb Mall 
								(Oman)
Jumeirah Lake 
								Tower, Dubai
Discovery 
								Gardens – Mogul Gardens, UAE
Al Manara 
								Towers, UAE
Hyatt Regency 
								Hotel, Muscat
Green 
								Communities West Villas & Buildings, UAE
Al Quoz 
								Jumeirah International Staff Accomadation, UAE




RAFO Air base at 
								Thumrait, Oman
Sohar Port 
Airport 
								Hanger-Seeb 
RAFO Air base 
								GT Khasab 
Fisheries 
Ibri Stadium, 
								Oman 
Al Kamil Power 
								Station, Oman
Al Ashkara 
								Fishery Harbour 
Sur LNG 
								project 
Salalah Port 
King Abdul 
								Aziz Road, UAE
King Faisal 
								Square Interchange
Dubai 
								Industrial City – Labour City 1 & 2
Ash’Sharqiyah 
								Sands Water supply Scheme, Oman




International 
                            Presence:

                            GIC exports to various GCC countries like Dubai, 
							Qatar, Bahrain, Abu Dhabi and to South Africa and 
							South-East Asian Countries like Hong-Kong, Singapore 
							etc.
							GIC has established local representations in Iran, 
							Iraq and India for more expansion and growth.

							Future markets are being explored for the business 
							prospects

 













 









Al Bahja Group

























   Download Brochure



Product Categories
Air Freshners & Cologne
Insecticide
Personal Care
Dish Wash
Fabric Care
Surface Cleaner
Toilet Cleaner
Disinfectant & Bleach
Lubricant & Polish
Heavy Duty Cleaning
Battery Care
Engine Coolant
Floorcare Items
Automobile Care
Ketchup & Hot Sauce
Tomato Paste
Canned Food
Rose Water
Vinegar
  














 
              For specific product
              details click "Product Categories"
 
 Tel
                                    : (+968) 24815485/86

                                     Fax : (+968) 24815490
 E-mail
                                    :marketing@albahja.com
                                     


































 Oman
                Chemical Company, is responsible for the production of an
                extensive range of Aerosol products for Industrial and Household
                purposes. The company integrates the most modern
                state-of-the-art technology and equipment imported from
                Switzerland for manufacturing top quality International Aerosol
                Products.

                        From
                its inception, the Company has been using only LPG unlike others
                that make use of CFC as  propellant for aerosol manufacturing processes.
                        








At
                Oman Chemical Company, we believe that progressive technology
                doesn’t necessarily come at the cost of damaging an already
                fragile environment and the company’s policies and
                manufacturing processes have always deviated towards a greener
                environment.
                  






Our
                entire product range includes insect killers, industrial
                aerosols such as liquid wrench, electrical and electronic contact cleaner,
                        dashboard sprays and household aerosols like audio-video head cleaners, spray
                starch, and furniture polish.
All
                these products are manufactured maintaining strict international
                standards and guidelines and are extensively exported to various
                destinations in the Middle East.



















Copyright
            Al Bahja Group of Companies












