





Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. | Company Spotlight Profile











Warning! This site has features that require JavaScript.












watch








        Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.
        
      

Sector: 


            Business Services Not Elsewhere Classified
          
Region: 

CA, United States


 
  : 

|
OTC Markets: TSOI


  



Listed in: 
Consumer Goods and Services


        Similar to:
Hyrican Informationssysteme AG, 
        Systar SA





♣ Request Investor Kit

 View Contact Details







 News & Analysis
















 Featured Company


Diodes, Inc.
Dallas, TX, US
Diodes, Inc. manufactures and sells semiconductor devices. The company is engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of semiconductor products to...







 You may also be interested in:





Systar SA



Saint-Cloud, IF, FR
Systar SA engages in the development and marketing of business activity monitoring for large businesses, administrations, and banks. Its product...




Hyrican Informationssysteme AG



Kindelbrück, TH, DE
Hyrican Informationssysteme AG engages in the provision of information and communications technology services. Its activities include the distribution and sale...




Silgan Holdings, Inc.



Stamford, CT, US
Headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut, Silgan Holdings Inc. is a leading manufacturer of rigid packaging for consumer goods products with annual...










×
Contact Investor Relations



Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.
Investor Relations
         4093 Oceanside BoulevardSuite B
         Oceanside , CA 92053
         United States
Phone:1.760.295.7208

SIC Code:
7389



Close




×
Request Investor Kit









Select your country:


Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, St. Eust., Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brit. Indian Ocean Terr.
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo (Dem. Rep. of the)
Congo (Rep. of)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Terr.
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
La Reunion
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marianas
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre & Miquelon
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Marten
Slovakia
Slovenia
So Georgia & So Sand Isl
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Vincent & Grenadines
St. Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Isl.
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe





E-mail:


required field!



First Name:


required field!



Last Name:


required field!




Street 1:


required field!



Street 2:





City:


required field!



State/Province:


-
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


required field!



Postal Code:


required field!






 I consent to receiving periodic email communications from Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.. 
            

 I'd like to receive more information from PrecisionIR.
            







Watch

Watch this company to be notified of upcoming earnings calls and new content with a weekly digest sent to your email.
            
 Watch content
            




Go!
Cancel






Company Spotlight is available free to investors through the financial support of participating companies. In return for receiving this free information, your contact data are made available to the companies whose reports you have ordered, and to other parties as described in our privacy policy, which you can read in its entirety here. In addition, you agree to be contacted by these companies from time to time. You may select at any time to opt out of these communications by using the unsubscribe link in your email(s) or by sending an email to nacustomerservice@precisionir.com.



×
 Enter your email address to watch this company.




E-mail (required):


required field!



First Name:





Last Name:












    Signup 




×
  Enter your email address and notification preferences.




A reminder has been added for this event.



    Add to Calendar
  


Add to Google Calendar


Add to Live Calendar


Add to Yahoo! Calendar


Add to iCalender


Add to Outlook Calendar







Or





Send me a reminder




Weeks

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52



Days

0
1
2
3
4
5
6



Hours

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23



Minutes

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59





before the event.

Please enter a valid email to watch!

First Name

Last Name








    Signup 










Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 10:40 AM ET
Pharmaceuticals

Company Overview of Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. focuses on immune modulation for the treatment of various diseases. The company develops a range of immune-modulatory agents to target various cancers, enhance maternal and fetal health, and fight periodontal disease, as well as for daily health. Its flagship product is ProJuvenol, a synergistic blend of anti-aging ingredients based upon pterostilbene to promote cellular rejuvenation and healthy functionality. The company also markets T-Rx, a testosterone booster nutraceutical; Vital Female, an estrogen booster nutraceutical; and oncologist friendly nutraceuticals, such as Coenzyme Q10, Curcumin, Glutathione, and Vitamin-C in 16oz bottles in liposome...
Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. focuses on immune modulation for the treatment of various diseases. The company develops a range of immune-modulatory agents to target various cancers, enhance maternal and fetal health, and fight periodontal disease, as well as for daily health. Its flagship product is ProJuvenol, a synergistic blend of anti-aging ingredients based upon pterostilbene to promote cellular rejuvenation and healthy functionality. The company also markets T-Rx, a testosterone booster nutraceutical; Vital Female, an estrogen booster nutraceutical; and oncologist friendly nutraceuticals, such as Coenzyme Q10, Curcumin, Glutathione, and Vitamin-C in 16oz bottles in liposome formula. In addition, it focuses on developing CLIA Dx and Dx/Rx products and services for pre-pregnancy and pregnancy-associated conditions or diseases. The company was founded in 2010 and is based in Oceanside, California.
Detailed Description


4093 Oceanside BoulevardSuite BOceanside, CA 92056United StatesFounded in 20103 Employees



Phone: 760-295-7208

www.therapeuticsolutionsint.com







Key Executives for Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.




Mr. Timothy George Dixon


      	Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
      


Age: 59
        

Total Annual Compensation: $98.4K








Mr. Gerry B. Berg


      	CFO, VP, Secretary & Director
      


Age: 70
        

Total Annual Compensation: $97.7K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Key Developments

Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Auditor Raises 'Going Concern' Doubt
Jun 7 17
Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. filed its 10-K on Jun 07, 2017 for the period ending Dec 31, 2016. In this report its auditor, Squar Milner LLP - Squar Milner Reehl & Williamson, LLP, gave an unqualified opinion expressing doubt that the company can continue as a going concern.


Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Announces the Filing of New Patent for Biologic Product Called MemoryMune
Jun 5 17
Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. announced the filing of a new patent for a biologic product called "MemoryMune". The patent describes methods, protocols and compositions of matter useful for stimulation of anticancer immune responses. In one embodiment of the invention, culturing of buffy coat cells is performed in an environment resembling non-physiological conditions. Buffy coat derived products are subsequently harvested, concentrated, and added to a culture of monocytes and lymphocytes. Conditioned media from this second culture is subsequently utilized as an injectable solution for stimulation of anticancer immunity. MemoryMune therefore is a product derived from a two-step culture process of donor blood cells. MemoryMune is being developed with the purpose of reawakening dormant immune memory cells by mimicking a process called "homeostatic immune expansion". It is known that many cancer patients possess memory T cells that enter the tumor, however, once inside the tumor these cells are inactivated. MemoryMune contains a unique combination of growth factors specific for immune system cells called "cytokines".


Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Enters in to Agreement with Emvolio, Inc
May 18 17
Therapeutics Solutions International, Inc. announced an exclusive licensing agreement with its subsidiary, Emvolio, Inc. The patent out-licensed to Emvolio, titled “Activated Leukocyte Extract for Repair of Innate Immunity in Cancer Patients,” but clinically named innaMune, is also an important and complementary product to the company previously announced licensing of “StemVacs” and “Cancer Metabolic Detox” to Emvolio.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1st Order Pharmaceuticals, Inc. United States 21st Century Animal Health United States 3 Buds' Organics LLC United States 4P Therapeutics LLC United States 60° Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      September 16, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc., please visit www.therapeuticsolutionsint.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



































Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. |























 




















Select Page


  
 



 



 












Therapeutic Solutions International Returns to Fully Reporting Status with SEC

Read More
 

 
 





TSOI Subsidiary, SandBox Dental Labs, files 510(k) with FDA

Company Seeks Market Clearance for Oral Appliance To Treat Moderate Obstructive Sleep Apnea

Read More
 

 
 





TSOI Announces Exclusive Patent License Agreement with Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc.

Emvolio is developing products that can be used together to attack cancer at different levels,
as well as be used alone or in combination with existing therapies

Read More
 

 
 





TSOI files Patent on Methods of Re-Activating Dormant Memory Cells with Anticancer Activity

Company Developing Proprietary Products that Help Immune System Fight Cancer

Read More
 

 
 





TSOI Announces Exclusive Patent License Agreement with Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc.

Emvolio is developing products that can be used together to attack cancer at different levels,
as well as be used alone or in combination with existing therapies

Read More
 

 
 





TSOI files new Patent on Augmentation of Anti-Tumor Immunity by Mifepristone and Analogues Thereof

Company Developing Proprietary Products that Help Immune System Fight Cancer

Read More
 

 
 





TSOI Announces Exclusive Patent License Agreement to innaMune with its Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc.

Company Developing Proprietary Products that Help Immune System Fight Cancer

Read More
 

 
 





TSOI files Patent on Blood Derived Innate Immune System Stimulator

Company Resurrecting “Transfer Factor” Immunotherapeutic for Treatment of Cancer

Read More
 

 
 





TSOI Announces Exclusive Patent License Agreement with its Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc.

Emvolio is developing products that can be used together to attack cancer at different levels,
as well as be used alone or in combination with existing therapies

Read More
 

 
 





TSOI files new Patent on Targeting the Tumor Microenvironment through Nutraceutical Based Immunoadjuvants

Company Developing Proprietary Nutraceutical Products that Help Modulate Immune System

Read More
 

 
 





TSOI Announces Appointment of Dr. Thomas E. Ichim to its Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc.

Emvolio is developing products that can be used together to attack cancer at different levels,
as well as be used alone or in combination with existing therapies

Read More
 

 
 
 
 
 






SandBox Dental Labs, Inc. – is a majority owned subsidiary of TSI consisting of a dental laboratory to manufacture and fill prescriptions from dentists who will use our proprietary Sleep Appliance to treat their patients with mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea.

 
 
 




Emvolio, Inc. – is a majority owned subsidiary of TSI where the intellectual property surrounding immune-oncology is housed.  The Company is developing products that can be used together to attack cancer at different levels, as well as to be used alone or in combination with existing therapies.

 
 
 




OmniBiome, Inc. – is a majority owned subsidiary of TSI where the intellectual property surrounding probiotics is housed. Current programs focus on the use of probiotics to prevent pre-term labor and on using probiotics to reverse periodontal disease.

 
 
 




Nutraceutical Division – TSI has been producing very high quality nutraceuticals. Its flagship product, Projuvenol®, is a Patented (No. 9,682,047) proprietary mixture containing pterostilbene – one of the most potent antioxidants known.

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














Welcome to Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.  - Inspired by Nature - Designed to Rejuvenate



























(0) Item


Hello, Guest








 


















Featured Products



CoQ10 Liposomal 16oz



Your Price: $81.50
    

This product is now available 








Curcumin Liposomal 16oz



Your Price: $81.50
    

This product is now available 








Glutathione Liposomal 16oz



Your Price: $82.60
    

This product will ship when available 








ProJuvenol 60 Capsule



Your Price: $59.95
    

100% Money Back Guarantee.  Free Shipping.








T-Rx 90 Capsule



Your Price: $44.95
    

100% Money Back Guarantee Free Shipping.








Vital 90 Capsule



Your Price: $39.95
    

100% Money Back Guarantee Free Shipping.








Vitamin-C Liposomal 16oz



Your Price: $58.40
    

This product is now available 





  























Quick View


Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Announces Definitive Agreement With S4S (UK) LimitedHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 20 minsS&P 5002,473.32-4.25 (-0.17%)Dow 3022,025.82+9.58 (+0.04%)Nasdaq6,346.80-15.85 (-0.25%)Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Announces Definitive Agreement With S4S (UK) LimitedMarketwiredJune 18, 2013ReblogShareTweetShareOCEANSIDE, CA--(Marketwired - Jun 18, 2013) - Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. (  OTCQB :  TSOI ) announced today the signing of a Distribution Agreement with S4S (UK) Limited for exclusive distribution rights in the United States to market the U.S. patented and FDA cleared titratable sleep appliance hardware sold under the trademark "Sleepwell™"."Today was a major achievement and milestone for S4S and our ever popular Sleepwell™ appliance, which has been so successful in Europe," stated Matt Everatt, Technical Director of S4S (UK) Limited. "Our signing of this agreement with TSI to exclusively distribute the Sleepwell appliance hardware will give US dentists a new product that can help individuals suffering from snoring and sleep apnea."Dr. Barry Glassman, VP of Education and Training of Therapeutic Solutions International, stated, "This proven technology is a very attractive choice for both the dentist providing oral appliance therapy, and for the patient seeking an alternative treatment for sleep disturbed breathing, compared to the traditional therapies including surgery and CPAP.""We at TSI are excited about bringing this quality yet cost effective appliance choice to the United States," said CEO Tim Dixon of Therapeutic Solutions International, who added, "According to the US Department of Health and Human Services the prevalence of sleep apnea in the US population is similar to asthma (20 million patients) and diabetes (23.6 million patients). We look forward to working with dentists and dental laboratories in bringing this product to the patient."Sleepwell™ components are used to manufacture the appliance in a dental laboratory using a bilaminate material customized to the patient's teeth with a special soft inner lining for maximum comfort and retention. The appliance also incorporates a specially designed component made from medical grade 316 Stainless Steel, which ensures that the lower jaw is held in a forward position while permitting the wearer side-to-side movement during sleep. Therapeutic Solutions International is also a global manufacturer of the chairside anterior midpoint stop appliance (AMPSA) devices marketed internationally under the trade names Migran-X® and AMPSA CS®, which have helped countless patients prevent debilitating migraine and tension headache pain, bruxism, clenching, grinding, and TMJ disorders. The Migran-X® and AMPSA CS® devices are the most effective non-drug US FDA cleared dental method of migraine prevention on the market today.About Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.The Company's corporate website is www.therapeuticsolutionsint.com. Non-US dentists and physicians can order our AMPSA products at www.ordertsoi.com. For the Sleepwell™ product, clinical data can be viewed at www.sleepwelldevice.com.Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations or beliefs, as well as a number of assumptions about future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements and the assumptions upon which they are based are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations and assumptions will prove to have been correct. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of words like "may," "will," "should," "could," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "intend," or "project" or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. The reader is cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, as these statements are subject to numerous risk factors as set forth in our SEC filings. To the extent that statements in this press release are not strictly historical, including statements as to product launch timing, revenue projections, business strategy, outlook, objectives, future milestones, plans, intentions, goals, future collaboration agreements, or otherwise as to future events, such statements are forward-looking, and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements contained in this release are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements made. Readers are advised to review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that can be accessed over the Internet at the SEC's website located at www.sec.gov.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read Next63,000 people have canceled their Tesla Model 3 ordersBusiness InsiderThe Ultimate App for Road-Trip WanderlustU.S. BankSponsored'Don't put that guy in front of the cameras again': Fox News host unloads on Stephen Miller after altercation with CNN reporterBusiness Insider'That doesn't just happen!': Trump continues to boast about the stock marketYahoo FinanceIf You Want to Lose Weight, This Is How to Structure Your WorkoutPopsugar USStart Living The Millionaire LifestyleTorOptionSponsoredMy fear is the US economy gets stuck in a low growth trap: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoTesla delivers the spark investors wantedYahoo FinanceThese are the greatest fears that people have in the worldBusiness InsiderA British volunteer fighting ISIS in Syria reportedly killed himself to avoid being capturedBusiness Insider73% of Android users are less likely to switch to iPhone due to headphone jackYahoo FinanceOprah Winfrey Keeps It Real on Weight Loss, Explains Why She Can't Accept Herself Weighing Over 200 PoundsEntertainment TonightStocks are facing these headwinds at Dow 22K: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoHow to get one of the 50,000 jobs at AmazonYahoo FinanceFoxconn steers clear of Trump's $30 billion investment claimAssociated PressAfter trying to build self-driving tractors for more than 20 years, John Deere has learned a hard truth about autonomyQuartzTrump set to embark on 1st vacation since inaugurationBill: Trump has played 36 rounds of golf already. Sounds like he's been on vacation since he took office.Join the Conversation1 / 52.9k









Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. - 首頁 | Facebook

















Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁關於Online Store相片評論影片貼文社群建立粉絲專頁社群查看全部369 人說這讚364 個人正在追蹤4 人造訪過關於查看全部92056 歐申賽德 4093 Oceanside Blvd, Ste B+1 877-236-2332youcanordernow.com醫療產品公司用戶369 個讚4 個打卡次更多大家都按讚的專頁Pure Encapsulations維他命／營養補充品City of Oceanside Economic Development政府機關Brenda Loves Sharing個人部落格地標歐申賽德Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017相片顯示全部評論4 則評論告訴大家你的想法顯示全部影片T-Rx73Animation - Cancer MoonShot 2020  from NANTHEALTH LLC6查看全部貼文Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 7月6日 7:33 · July 06, 2017 09:22 ET Therapeutic Solutions International Returns to Fully Reporting Status with SEC OCEANSIDE, CA--(Marketwired - July 06, 2017) - Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. (OTC PINK: TSOI), announced today that it has recently completed all of its regulatory filings to return to fully reporting status required by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).⋯⋯繼續閱讀Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 6月26日 · June 26, 2017 09:00 ET Therapeutic Solutions Subsidiary, SandBox Dental Labs, files 510(k) with FDA Company Seeks Market Clearance for Oral Appliance To Treat Moderate Obstructive Sleep Apnea⋯⋯繼續閱讀顯示全部貼文Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 6月12日 · June 12, 2017 08:55 ET Therapeutic Solutions International Announces Exclusive Patent License Agreement with Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc. Emvolio is developing products that can be used together to attack cancer at different levels, as well as be used alone or in combination with existing therapies⋯⋯繼續閱讀Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 6月5日 · June 05, 2017 09:00 ET Therapeutic Solutions files Patent on Methods of Re-Activating Dormant Memory Cells with Anticancer Activity Company Developing Proprietary Products that Help Immune System Fight Cancer⋯⋯繼續閱讀Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 6月1日 · June 01, 2017 09:00 ET Therapeutic Solutions International Announces Exclusive Patent License Agreement with Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc. Emvolio is developing products that can be used together to attack cancer at different levels, as well as be used alone or in combination with existing therapies⋯⋯繼續閱讀Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 5月22日 · May 22, 2017 09:00 ET Therapeutic Solutions files new Patent on Augmentation of Anti-Tumor Immunity by Mifepristone and Analogues Thereof Company Developing Proprietary Products that Help Immune System Fight Cancer⋯⋯繼續閱讀Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 5月18日 · May 18, 2017 09:00 ET Therapeutic Solutions International Announces Exclusive Patent License Agreement to innaMune with its Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc. Company Developing Proprietary Products that Help Immune System Fight Cancer⋯⋯繼續閱讀Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.has been producing high quality nutraceuticals. It’s Flagship product, Projuvenol, is a proprietary mixture containing pterostilbene – one of the most potent antioxidants known.therapeuticsolutionsint.comTherapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 5月16日 · Therapeutic Solutions files Patent on Blood Derived Innate Immune System Stimulator Company Resurrecting "Transfer Factor" Immunotherapeutic for Treatment of Cancer OCEANSIDE, CA--(Marketwired - May 16, 2017) - Therapeutics Solutions International, Inc., (OTC PINK: TSOI) announced today the filing of a patent for a novel blood derived stimulator of innate immune cells called "innaMune".⋯⋯繼續閱讀Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. 分享了 1 條連結。 · 5月10日 · Therapeutic Solutions International Announces Exclusive Patent License Agreement with its Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc.OCEANSIDE, CA--(Marketwired - May 10, 2017) - Therapeutics Solutions International, Inc., (OTC PINK: TSOI) announced today an exclusive licensing agreement with its subsidiary Emvolio, Inc. The patent out-licensed today to Emvolio, titled "Targeting the Tumor Microenvironment through Nutraceutical B...marketwired.comTherapeutic Solutions International, Inc. 分享了 1 條連結。 · 5月9日 · Therapeutic Solutions files new Patent on Targeting the Tumor Microenvironment through Nutraceutical Based ImmunoadjuvantsOCEANSIDE, CA--(Marketwired - May 09, 2017) - Therapeutics Solutions International, Inc., (OTC PINK: TSOI) announced today the filing of a patent for a nutraceutical product called "Cancer Metabolic Detox".Cancer Metabolic Detox is an orally administered all natural nutraceutical product that is com...marketwired.comTherapeutic Solutions International, Inc. 分享了 1 條連結。 · 5月1日 · Therapeutic Solutions International Announces Appointment of Dr. Thomas E. Ichim to its Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc.OCEANSIDE, CA--(Marketwired - May 01, 2017) - Therapeutics Solutions International, Inc., (OTC PINK: TSOI) announced today that the Board of Directors of its majority owned subsidiary, Emvolio, Inc. (Emvolio) has appointed Thomas E. Ichim, PhD, as Chief Executive Officer of Emvolio.Dr. Ichim is a se...marketwired.comTherapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 4月24日 · April 24, 2017 09:00 ET Therapeutic Solutions International's Subsidiary OmniBiome, Inc. Announces First Oral Microbiome Therapy for Periodontal Disease Company Files Patent and Obtains Proof of Concept Data on Late David Palella's Vision of Scientifically Driven Microbiome Modulatory Consumer Products⋯⋯繼續閱讀Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 4月12日 · We are so happy to announce the filing of our an IND with the US FDA for StemVacs our new cancer vaccine.Therapeutic Solutions International's Subsidiary, Emvolio, Inc., Files Investigational New Drug Application for StemVacs Cancer ImmunotherapyOCEANSIDE, CA--(Marketwired - April 12, 2017) - Therapeutics Solutions International, Inc., (OTC PINK: TSOI) announced today the filing of an Investigational New Drug (IND) application by its majority owned subsidiary, Emvolio, Inc., for use of its StemVacs cancer immunotherapeutic in patients with…marketwired.comTherapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 4月10日 · Therapeutic Solutions International Announces Filing of new Immunotherapy Patent and Exclusive Patent License Agreement with Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc. #CANCER #TUMOR #PATENT centuryhttp://www.marketwired.com/press-release/therapeutic-solutions-international-announces-filing-new-immunotherapy-patent-exclusive-otc-pink-tsoi-2208787.htmTherapeutic Solutions International Announces Filing of new Immunotherapy Patent and Exclusive Patent License Agreement with Subsidiary Emvolio, Inc.OCEANSIDE, CA--(Marketwired - April 10, 2017) - Therapeutics Solutions International, Inc., (OTC PINK: TSOI) announced today the filing of a new patent and exclusive licensing agreement with majority owned subsidiary Emvolio, Inc.The patent describes methods of cancer treatment through the administr...marketwired.comTherapeutic Solutions International, Inc. · 2月6日 · Synergistic Inhibition of B16 Melanoma  The following example demonstrates that pteros­tilbene in combination with IL-2 synergistically inhibits B16 melanoma in mice.  Female C57BL/6 mice aged 8-12 weeks were purchased from The Jackson Laboratory. A murine mela­noma cell line established from a C57BL/6 mouse and designated B16F10 was obtained from the American Type Culture Collection (ATCC) and was maintained in RPMI 1640 medium (Sigma-Aldrich) with 10% FBS, 1-glutamine, peni⋯⋯cillin, and streptomycin at 37° C. in 5% CO2 The cell line was cultured at 37° C. in a 5% incubator.  For induction of tumor growth, 5xl05 B16 cells were injected subcutaneously into the hind limb flank. Tumor growth was assessed every 3 days by two measure­ments of perpendicular diameters by a caliper, and animals were sacrificed when tumors reached a size of 1 cm in any direction. Tumor volume was calculated by the following formula: (the shortest diameter2xthe longest diameter)/2. Mice treated represent 15 mice per group.  Animals were treated every second day with: Group A) Saline (diamonds-<)); B) pterostilbene; 25 µg/kg (squares-D), C) IL-2; 500 IV/mouse (triangles-fl); and D) a combination of IL-2 and pterostilbene at the indicated concentrations (X). As shown in FIG. 1, tumor growth is inhibited by the administration of the combination of 25 µg/kg pterostilbene and 500 IV/mouse IL-2. 更多查看更多


Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Announces Memorandum of Understanding With ZYPPAH, Inc.HomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 20 minsS&P 5002,473.35-4.22 (-0.17%)Dow 3022,026.18+9.94 (+0.05%)Nasdaq6,346.80-15.85 (-0.25%)Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Announces Memorandum of Understanding With ZYPPAH, Inc.MarketwiredAugust 6, 2013ReblogShareTweetShareOCEANSIDE, CA--(Marketwired - Aug 6, 2013) -  Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. (  OTCQB :  TSOI ) announced today a collaboration with ZYPPAH, Inc., in efforts to promote ZYPPAH's professional education classes wherein TSI's Sleepwell® product will be included as a therapeutic option and recommendation for dentists attending ZYPPAH's professional education classes."Until now, most patients diagnosed with mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) have been treated with a standard mandibular advancement device (MAD), continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) machine, or surgery," said Dr. Jonathan Greenburg, CEO of ZYPPAH, Inc., who also stated, "This agreement between ZYPPAH and TSI to provide TSI's Sleepwell® product enhanced with the patent-pending ZYPPAH® elastic, will offer dentists and their patients a new standard of treatment for both snoring and mild to moderate sleep apnea."Dr. Barry Glassman, Vice President of Education and Training, said, "We have been truly impressed with the vision of Dr. Jonathan Greenburg and his team at ZYPPAH and thrilled that TSI will be playing a key role not only in education but in future growth and decision making. TSI's Sleepwell appliance has been added as a top level choice in the appliance armamentarium and I will be guiding the educational program. There is no question that this association will benefit both ZYPPAH and TSI."Tim Dixon, CEO of TSI, stated, "This agreement with ZYPPAH and Dr. Greenburg will help TSI to promote the awareness of 'Sleepwell®' within the professional dental community, and will beneficially aid the sale of Sleepwell hardware to licensed dentists and dental labs in the United States."Therapeutic Solutions International is also a global manufacturer of the chairside anterior midpoint stop appliance (AMPSA) devices marketed internationally under the trade names Migran-X® and AMPSA CS®, which have helped countless patients prevent debilitating migraine and tension headache pain, bruxism, clenching, grinding, and TMJ disorders. The Migran-X® and AMPSA CS® devices are the most effective non-drug US FDA cleared dental method of migraine prevention on the market today. Therapeutic Solutions International is the exclusive United States distributor of "Sleepwell™" hardware used to manufacture the "Sleepwell®" dental appliance for snoring and mild to moderate obstructive sleep apnea.About ZYPPAH, Inc.ZYPPAH Rx is an FDA-cleared, self-molded, boil-and-bite oral appliance that is effective, safe and easy to use. Product information can be viewed at www.zyppah.comAbout Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.The Company's corporate website is www.therapeuticsolutionsint.com. Non-US dentists and physicians can order our AMPSA products at www.ordertsoi.com. For the Sleepwell® product, clinical data can be viewed at www.sleepwelldevice.com.Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations or beliefs, as well as a number of assumptions about future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements and the assumptions upon which they are based are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations and assumptions will prove to have been correct. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of words like "may," "will," "should," "could," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "intend," or "project" or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. The reader is cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, as these statements are subject to numerous risk factors as set forth in our SEC filings. To the extent that statements in this press release are not strictly historical, including statements as to product launch timing, revenue projections, business strategy, outlook, objectives, future milestones, plans, intentions, goals, future collaboration agreements, or otherwise as to future events, such statements are forward-looking, and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements contained in this release are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements made. Readers are advised to review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that can be accessed over the Internet at the SEC's website located at www.sec.gov.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read Next63,000 people have canceled their Tesla Model 3 ordersBusiness InsiderStart Living The Millionaire LifestyleTorOptionSponsored'Don't put that guy in front of the cameras again': Fox News host unloads on Stephen Miller after altercation with CNN reporterBusiness Insider'That doesn't just happen!': Trump continues to boast about the stock marketYahoo FinanceIf You Want to Lose Weight, This Is How to Structure Your WorkoutPopsugar USMy fear is the US economy gets stuck in a low growth trap: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoTesla delivers the spark investors wantedYahoo FinanceThese are the greatest fears that people have in the worldBusiness InsiderA British volunteer fighting ISIS in Syria reportedly killed himself to avoid being capturedBusiness Insider73% of Android users are less likely to switch to iPhone due to headphone jackYahoo FinanceOprah Winfrey Keeps It Real on Weight Loss, Explains Why She Can't Accept Herself Weighing Over 200 PoundsEntertainment TonightStocks are facing these headwinds at Dow 22K: NYSE traderYahoo Finance VideoHow to get one of the 50,000 jobs at AmazonYahoo FinanceFoxconn steers clear of Trump's $30 billion investment claimAssociated PressAfter trying to build self-driving tractors for more than 20 years, John Deere has learned a hard truth about autonomyQuartzWall Street opens flat as tech stocks slipReutersTrump set to embark on 1st vacation since inaugurationBill: Trump has played 36 rounds of golf already. Sounds like he's been on vacation since he took office.Join the Conversation1 / 52.9k








Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Signs Distribution Agreement With Amalgadent Dental Supplies Pty. Ltd. AustraliaHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearchSkip to NavigationSkip to Main ContentSkip to Related Content0Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. Signs Distribution Agreement With Amalgadent Dental Supplies Pty. Ltd. AustraliaMarketwireApril 20, 2011ReblogShareTweetShareSAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwire - 04/20/11) - Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. (Pinksheets:TSOI - News) (Pinksheets:TSOI - News), the only manufacturer of the chairside NTI Tension Suppression System that has helped countless patients prevent debilitating migraine and tension headache pain, announced today the signing of a sales and distribution agreement with Amalgadent Dental Supplies Pty. Ltd., an Australian dental supply company, headquartered in Caulfield South, Australia."We are very excited to sign this agreement with Amalgadent," stated Tim Dixon, President of TSI. "As we begin to bring this innovative technology to markets around the world, the agreement with Amalgadent allows Australian and New Zealand dentists the ability to provide this unique chairside dental product to their patients.""We have made our name in supplying niche dental products that supply simple solutions to previously complex problems directly to dentists," said Myer Rozen of Amalgadent. "For this reason the agreement with Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. is a perfect fit with our philosophy. Therapeutic Solutions has products that de-mystify the areas of TMD and other sleep disorders of dental origin that previously required dentists to refer work to outside specialists. With TSI's products, patients can be offered a much more convenient and time saving service."Mr. Rozen also commented: "This is not only cost saving for the patient but keeps the practice income within the dental practice. In these difficult economic times these cost effective solutions are of great value. By keeping the treatment within the practice many patients are able to save expensive laboratory fees, specialist fees, and the time that other appointments take. This enables people to be treated who may otherwise neglect their condition due to the inconvenience, and expense. We are excited to bring these solutions not only to dentists, but to the benefit of their patients."About Amalgadent Dental Supplies Pty. Ltd.First established in Melbourne, Victoria Australia in 1984, Amalgadent is often described as Australia's most innovative supplier of niche & specialty professional dental products. www.amalgadent.com.auAbout Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc.Therapeutic Solutions International, Inc. is a company whose business plan is focused on the development, production and marketing of cost effective technologies and therapeutic modalities for the treatment and prevention of common neurologic, sleep and temporomandibular disorders.TSI has several important websites to disseminate information and market their products. Our clinical research site for the NTI is www.nti-tss.com and our e-commerce portal is located at www.ordertsi.com. Our patient education site located at www.headacheprevention.com, and our corporate website for TSI is www.therapeuticsolutionsint.com.Safe Harbor Statement This release contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations or beliefs, as well as a number of assumptions about future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements and the assumptions upon which they are based are reasonable, we can give no assurance that such expectations and assumptions will prove to have been correct. Forward-looking statements are generally identifiable by the use of words like "may," "will," "should," "could," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "believe," "intend," or "project" or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology. The reader is cautioned not to put undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, as these statements are subject to numerous factors and uncertainties, including but not limited to adverse economic conditions, intense competition, lack of meaningful research results, entry of new competitors and products, adverse federal, state and local government regulation, inadequate capital, termination of contracts or agreements, technological obsolescence of our products, technical problems with our research and products, price increases for supplies and components, inability to carry out research, development and commercialization plans, loss or retirement of key executives and research scientists and other specific risks. To the extent that statements in this press release are not strictly historical, including statements as to revenue projections, business strategy, outlook, objectives, future milestones, plans, intentions, goals, future financial conditions, future collaboration agreements, the success of the Company's development, events conditioned on stockholder or other approval, or otherwise as to future events, such statements are forward-looking, and are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements contained in this release are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements made. Readers are advised to review our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that can be accessed over the Internet at the SEC's website located at http://www.sec.gov.ReblogShareTweetSharePopular in the CommunityThe Obamas Send Newlywed Couple a Moving Note of Congratulations7,412 reactions6%67%27%Start Living The Millionaire LifestyleTorOptionSponsoredFire breaks out at world's largest fish market in Tokyo34 reactions2%92%6%Trump, frustrated by Afghan war, suggests firing U.S. commander: officials6,529 reactions4%72%24%Dave Chappelle Says Donald Trump Is Like a ‘Bad DJ at a Good Party’430 reactions4%71%25%Elephant Parade hits the streets of São Paulo23 reactions4%76%20%Huckabee Sanders takes a dig at Sen. Flake over anti-Trump book274 reactions7%61%32%Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1569 reactions3%80%17%63,000 people have canceled their Tesla Model 3 orders570 reactions4%78%18%Death of Texas woman found buried on Maryland beach ruled accidental901 reactions4%73%23%Trump set to embark on 1st vacation since inauguration2,904 reactions4%75%21%Training with America's militias81 reactions3%74%23%'The Briefing Room': Legal immigration reform10 reactions11%67%22%Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC225 reactions8%70%22%Kendall Jenner Flashes Underboob While Out With Bella Hadid and Hailey Baldwin: Pics!674 reactions3%71%26%Game of Thrones's Sophie Turner: 'I got a job over a better actress because I had more followers'120 reactions5%78%17%Sarah Huckabee Sanders: Stephen Miller Put CNN's Jim Acosta 'In His Place'Buster Bloodvessel: There isn't a single one in this administration that isn't a complete moron.Join the Conversation1 / 5291








