
    Shell Pakistan | Shell Pakistan                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Pakistan              Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches   Your recent searches                                 Shell V-Power Unleaded   Shell V-Power Unleaded is designed to defend against engine deposit build-up and corrosion*. Try it today in your vehicle and enjoy the performance.              FUELING JOURNEYS,DRIVING CONNECTIONS   Fuelling journeys, driving connections – take a trip across the country and our strategically located 780 Shell forecourts will be part of your journey, fuelling your visits to family and friends.              INSIDE OUR STATIONS   We put the service back into service-station, ensuring you always leave us a little happier than when you arrived.              SHELL ENGINE OILS AND LUBRICANTS   Shell is the number one global lubricant supplier and has a 70-year history of innovation. Explore Shell’s range of engine oils and lubricants for cars, motorcycles, trucks and more.              COMMUNITIES   We aim to be a good neighbour wherever we work, by contributing to the well-being of nearby communities.        Previous   Next     0            Find Your Station Now     Shell Station Fuel Price Board     Lubricants Price List            Latest news & features in Pakistan          Shell Pakistan Limited's Response to OGRA Report (Updated – 12 July 2017)   Shell Pakistan Limited will pay the fine imposed by the Oil and Gas Regulatory Authority (OGRA) to comply with the regulator's directive. However, we do so while reserving the right to contest the fine. The matter is under investigation, and we will decide on the appropriate course of action once more information is known and investigations have concluded.          Road tanker incident – statement 2   We are deeply saddened by the devastating tank lorry fire near Bahawalpur.         Road tanker incident   Jawwad Cheema, Managing Director Shell Pakistan: “We were extremely shocked and saddened to learn of the devastating road-tanker fire near Bahawalpur. Our hearts go out to the families of the victims and our prayers are with the injured.”         Shell Pakistan Limited BOD Elections 2017   Profile of the Nominees for the 2017 Election              For motorist                 Shell fuels   Check out Shell's unique range of fuels and the technological expertise that goes into every drop.                Shell engine oils and lubricants   Shell is the number one global lubricant supplier and has a 70-year history of innovation. Explore Shell’s range of engine oils and lubricants for cars, motorcycles, trucks and more.                 Motoring tips and advice   Take better care of your vehicle by learning how to become more fuel efficient and safer on the road.                Driving Inspiration   Join us as we explore some of the most unique and exhilarating drives on the planet.                   Management Trainee & Internship Programs 2017  Make a difference! Join us on our journey to find better energy solutions to cater to the needs of a growing world population    Apply now                         You may also like                 Media   In this section you will find all the latest news and media releases from the Shell Group of Companies in Pakistan.                Sustainability   Sustainability at Shell is about delivering energy in a responsible way to meet the world’s growing needs.                Energy and innovation   How we use human ingenuity, innovation and technology to unlock more, cleaner energy for the decades ahead.                                 






Home




































Search this site: 




Leave this field blank: 












اردو
Feedback
Contact Us
Whistle Blowing Policy
Home
Log in



 







Corporate  Profile
Investor  Centre
Exploration
New Business  Ventures
Production
Corporate Social  Responsibility
Corporate Communications
Quality, Health, Safety  and Environment
Human Resources











	 






























 News 



Karachi, July 20, 2017:Pakistan Petroleum Limited (PPL) recently drilled and completed tight gas horizontal well Naushahro Feroz (NF) Hor-1.
	At total depth of 4940 metres and 1.3 km horizontal section in Chiltan Formation, NF Hor -1 is one of the deepest and longest horizontal wells in tight gas reservoir drilled in Pakistan. It is also the country’s first well to be completed with ten-stage multi-frack. 


More




Karachi: June 7, 2017: “As a major stakeholder in fulfilling the country’s energy requirements, Pakistan Petroleum Limited (PPL) remains committed to investing in human resource development and use of latest technology for the Exploration & Production sector through academia-industry partnership under its CSR programme,” highlighted MD and CEO PPL Syed Wamiq Bokhari during the handing over of the first tranche to NED University of Engineering and Technology (NED) for the PPL Chair in Petroleum Engineering (PE). As such, the company has committed an overall grant of Rs. 50 million over the next five years with an annual disbursement of nearly Rs. 10 million.


More



 





Home Page





		Future Forward

		The pioneer of the natural gas industry in the country, Pakistan Petroleum Limited (PPL) has been a frontline player in the energy sector since the mid-1950s. As a major supplier of natural gas, PPL today contributes around 20 percent of the country’s total natural gas supplies besides producing crude oil, Natural Gas Liquid and Liquefied Petroleum Gas.
More



			Careers 


			Annual/ Quarterly Reports 


			  Progress, monthly magazine


			Press Tenders 









Home
Related Links
Contact Us
Feedback
Sitemap
Privacy
Terms
 






SECP's Investor
Educational Portal


&copy August 2017 Pakistan Petroleum Limited










    Shell Global | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global              Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                    The rise of intelligent oil fields   Digitalisation is transforming how energy companies operate, with engineers using big data to increase efficiency and boost production.                Second quarter 2017 results and interim dividend announcement   On Thursday, July 27, 2017 at 07.00 BST (08.00 CEST and 02.00 EDT) Royal Dutch Shell plc released its second quarter results and second quarter interim dividend announcement for 2017.              Bridges to the future of energy   In this speech in Istanbul, Turkey, Shell's Chief Executive Ben van Beurden emphasises the importance of taking a global perspective on the challenge of tackling climate change.              The Paris agreement: can it survive?   It is crucial that the Paris agreement remains in place, says Shell’s Chief Climate Change Advisor David Hone. It underpins the need for the ongoing energy transition to also deliver a world of net-zero emissions.        Previous   Next     0          How can we help?     Job search     Shell station locator     Shell credit cards            Featured content                 A drive for cleaner air   Hydrogen cars could play a key role in the future of transport. But what are they like to drive?                Shell’s Sustainability and Annual Report   Read our 2016 documents to discover how we work responsibly to meet the world’s growing demand for more and cleaner energy.                A record-breaking offshore lift   After decades supplying oil and gas, some North Sea platforms are nearing the end of their lives. See how the 24,200-tonne Brent Delta was lifted and carried to an industrial recycling centre more than 700 kilometres away.                 The hyperactive child who never gave up   Johari bin Brahim used the skills he acquired from Shell LiveWIRE Brunei to launch two businesses and has just won a $24 million contract. He tells Inside Energy why he’s not stopping there.              Latest news          Royal Dutch Shell plc second quarter 2017 results announcement   Jul 27, 2017         Royal Dutch Shell plc second quarter 2017 interim dividend   Jul 27, 2017         Prelude arrives in Australia - a new era for the LNG industry   Jul 25, 2017         Shell to divest Upstream interests in Ireland for up to $1.23 billion   Jul 12, 2017                   Setting new maternity standards  Claire Punins, an Exploration Geoscientist, was a lead voice in a programme that saw Shell become the first major integrated oil and gas company to offer a global minimum standard for paid maternity leave. “This is a very significant step in the right direction for equality,” she says.    Read Claire’s story                         You may also be interested in                 Our major projects                  Natural gas                  Innovating together                  Shell credit cards                                   
    Who we are | Shell Pakistan                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Pakistan           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches   Your recent searches                                 Who we are    We aim to meet the energy needs of society in ways that are economically, socially and environmentally viable, now and in the future. Learn about our business and people, which grew from a small shop in London nearly 200 years ago to become a major energy company.          Shell at a glance            Shell in Pakistan         Shell in Pakistan As one of the world’s leading energy companies, Shell plays a key role in helping to meet the world’s growing energy demand in economically, environmentally and socially responsible ways. In Pakistan, Shell is the second largest OMC and employs 400+ people directly and over 12,000 indirectly. Shell’s presence in the region dates back to 1899 when kerosene oil was imported from Azerbaijan into the subcontinent. See historical milestones of Shell Pakistan Maintaining its legacy of 116 years with a portfolio of robust businesses and international product offering, Shell Pakistan Limited (SPL) continues to meet the energy needs of the country serving over a million customers across the country every day. Learn more about our businesses here. Impact on Communities Shell in Pakistan is committed to making business decisions that demonstrate economic, social and environmental responsibility. Over the years, SPL has built a diverse Social Investment portfolio aligned with our business activities in Pakistan and focused in four thematic areas - Road Safety, Access to Energy, Enterprise Generation and Education. Learn more about our Social Investment portfolio in Pakistan           Shell worldwide         Shell worldwide Royal Dutch Shell was formed in 1907, although our history dates back to the early 19th century, to a small shop in London where the Samuel family sold sea shells. Today, Shell is one of the world’s major energy companies, employing an average of 93,000 people and operating in more than 70 countries. Our headquarters are in The Hague, the Netherlands, and our Chief Executive Officer is Ben van Beurden. The parent company of the Shell group is Royal Dutch Shell plc, which is incorporated in England and Wales. Our strategy seeks to reinforce our position as a leader in the oil and gas industry, while helping to meet global energy demand in a responsible way. Safety and environmental and social responsibility are at the heart of our activities. Read about our history from 1833 to the present Our purpose We believe that oil and gas will remain a vital part of the global energy mix for many decades to come. Our role is to ensure that we extract and deliver these energy resources profitably and in environmentally and socially responsible ways. We aim to work closely with our customers, our partners and policymakers to advance a more efficient and sustainable use of energy and natural resources. Our people Our people work together on some of the most innovative and exciting energy projects in the world. A diverse workforce and an inclusive work environment are vital to our success, leading to greater innovation and better solutions. Find out about diversity and inclusion at Shell Professional training, development programmes and ongoing support mean that our people are given every opportunity to reach their potential. And our leadership programmes enable talented individuals to become the energy industry leaders of tomorrow. Learn more about careers with Shell           Shell at a glance in 2016 70+ countries we operate in 92,000 employees on average 57.1 million tonnes of LNG sold during the year 22 refineries we have interests in 3.7 million barrels of oil equivalent we produce per day Download our projects brochure “Create”  Financial performance in 2016 Revenue: $233.6 billion Income: $4.8 billion Capital investment: $79.9 billion (including acquisition of BG Group plc) Investment in research and development: $1.0 billion  Fast facts for sustainable development in 2016 $102 million spent on voluntary social investment worldwide. Of this:  around $44 million spent on local programmes for community development, disaster relief, education, health and biodiversity; and around $58 million spent on our global themes - energy access, boosting local skills and enterprise, and STEM education.  We estimate that almost $96 million of our total spend in 2016 was in countries that are part of the United Nations Development Programme Human Development Index 2015, that is, those defined as having a gross domestic product of less than $15,000 a year per person. In 2016, Shell spent $45 billion on goods and services from 43,000 suppliers globally.                    Life at Shell                      At Shell you shape your own career   Read the transcript              Share this    Google+    Facebook    Twitter    LinkedIn            More in about us                 What we do   Shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical companies. We employ around 400+ employees in Pakistan.                Our values   Our General Business Principles, Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics help everyone at Shell act in line with our values.       Leadership The Shell brand Reports and publications Contact us          You may also be interested in                 The energy future   We are using our know-how, technology and innovation to deliver more and cleaner energy for the world's growing population.                Careers   Discover the impact you could make with a career at Shell.                Sustainability   Sustainability at Shell is about delivering energy in a responsible way to meet the world’s growing needs.                                  
    Contact us | Shell Hong Kong and Macau                                                Skip to main content        Home - Hong Kong and Macau           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches   Your recent searches                                 Contact us    At Shell, we take pride in listening and delivering superior experiences to our customers. Please contact us through the following methods:           Contact Shell Hong Kong and Macau    Shell Hong Kong Limited  35/F, AIA Kowloon Tower, Landmark East, 100 How Ming Street,Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong  Tel: 2506 7000 Fax: 2506 2037 Media enquiries  Tel: 2506 7341 Fax: 2506 1029 Email: hkea@shell.com   Shell Bonus Card Customer Service Centre  Hotline: 2435 4789 Fax: 2506 1752 Email: cardctr@shell.com   Shell Gas Hotline  Customers Service Hotline: 2435 8388 Emergency Hotline: 2322 2000 Fax: 2435 7200 Email: hkshellgas-csc@shell.com *For LP GAS cylinders ordering,  please click our distributors contact list.    Shell Card (Fleet) Customer Service Centre  Tel: 2506 1000 Fax: 2506 1019 Email: generalcardrequests-hk@shell.com Shell Bitumen Customer Service Centre Tel: +852 2497 9738 Fax: +852 2435 9190 Email: bitumenaccountenquiries-hk@shell.com    General Public Customer Service Centre  Tel: 2435 2064 Fax: 2497 1416 Email: enquiries-hk@shell.com                Share this    Google+    Facebook    Twitter    LinkedIn            You might also like                 Shell Nature Watch- Butterfly Explorer   Butterfly x Street Art is the theme of Shell Nature Watch 2017.                36th Shell/ Island JC Scholarship for the Disabled   Shell/ Island JC Scholarship for the Disabled has become a special honour and a great encouragement to students with special educational needs (SEN).                Hong Kong Volunteer Team   Shell Hong Kong Volunteer Team, upholding the slogan “To Serve, To Share, To Sustain”.                                  
    Shell Chemicals | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                 Shell Chemicals    Shell Chemicals is one of the world’s leading chemicals suppliers. With a heritage of over 85 years and manufacturing facilities around the world, we supply over 17 million tonnes of petrochemicals per year to large industrial customers.           Customer Portal login     Search for a Chemicals Safety Data Sheet     Download a Product Stewardship Summary            Inside Shell Chemicals                 Chemicals products portfolio   Countless products that we all use every day in our homes, our cars, at work or while we relax owe their beginnings to the petrochemical ‘building blocks’ we manufacture and supply to our industrial customers.                Doing business with us   Shell chemicals companies are major suppliers of bulk petrochemicals to large industrial customers. In this section you will find essential information on how to do business with us.                Manufacturing locations   Shell chemicals companies have a global manufacturing base, with some assets operated by Shell chemicals companies, some by other Shell Group companies, and others by joint ventures.                Safe product handling and transportation   Transportation and Safety options and requirements.                   Our strengths   Shell joined the chemicals sector more than 85 years ago. Our strengths make us a major player in the petrochemicals industry and will support our future growth.         Our People   Know more about Shell Chemicals' Leadership Team and our Commercial Team Leaders.         Our history   Shell companies first entered the chemicals industry in 1929, via a partnership in the Netherlands called NV Mekog, which manufactured ammonia from coke-oven gas.         Our growth projects   We will invest in our existing world-scale plants, to further increase their capacity and efficiency. And we will pursue options to invest in the building of new large-scale plants.                      Simple and secure online ordering Our Customer Portal offers customers an easy and intuitive way to place and manage their orders online.   Discover more about the Customer Portal              Solvents: GTL fluids and solvents  The purity and performance properties of synthetic GTL Fluids and Solvents can help to enhance many industrial processes and product formulations.   Discover more about GTL Fluids and Solvents              About Shell chemicals Shell companies first entered the chemicals industry in 1929, via a partnership in the Netherlands called NV Mekog, which manufactured ammonia from coke-oven gas.   Find out more about Shell Chemicals         Previous   Next     0                 News and Media Releases   Shell Chemicals News and Media Releases         Factsheets,speeches and articles   Click on any of the links below to access essential information about the Shell chemicals companies, their activities and operations.                                  
    Hong Kong and Macau | Shell Hong Kong and Macau                                                Skip to main content        Home - Hong Kong and Macau              Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches   Your recent searches                                 Shell V-Power X Ferrari 70th Anniversary Series   Shell V-Power X Ferrari 70th Anniversary Series debuts in Hong Kong and Macau. World premiere of seven iconic Ferrari models, only at Shell.              Shell always strives for “Safety First”   Shell consecutively beats other competitors in “LPG Cylinder Distributor Safety Performance Recognition Scheme with 21 Gold Awards”              Shell New Fuels Are Now Launched   Shell fuels are designed for engine efficiency              New Diamond Cab Sponsorship Rebate Selection   Every HK$50 sponsorship from Shell Bonus Card customers will be contributed to the Elderly Services Association of Hong Kong to sponsor elderly using Diamond Cab’s taxi service.              2017 New Asia Miles Rebate Selection   Shell has joined Asia Miles! From now on you can earn 400 Asia Miles for every HK$1,500 accumulated spending with the use of Shell Bonus Card.         Previous   Next     0            Find your station now     Download the Shell Motorist app     Our contact details            Latest News And Features In Hong Kong          7.14 We Love Butterflies Day   Shell staff join hands with local artist Art Dreamers to bring art into Wan Chai on “We Love Butterflies Day”         Shell Hong Kong announces new paid maternity leave policy   Shell Hong Kong is proud to announce that the company will extend the paid maternity leave for female colleagues to 16 weeks.         Shell announces the conditional sale of its LPG Business in Hong Kong and Macau to DCC Energy   [Hong Kong/ Macau – April 5, 2017] Shell has announced the conditional sale of its LPG business in Hong Kong and Macau to DCC Energy for a total enterprise value of US$150.3 million (approximately HK$1,165 million).         Shell supports “Tribute to 70th Anniversary of Ferrari” to power excellence in driving performance   In strong support of the “Tribute to 70th Anniversary of Ferrari”, Shell powered up the 70 Ferrari cars participating in the 70-km parade with an uninterrupted supply of fuel              For Motorists                 Inside our stations   We put the service back into service-station, ensuring you always leave us a little happier than when you arrived.                Shell engine oils and lubricants   Shell is the number one global lubricant supplier and has a 70-year history of innovation. Explore Shell’s range of engine oils and lubricants for cars, motorcycles, trucks and more.                 Motoring tips and advice   Take better care of your vehicle by learning how to become more fuel efficient and safer on the road.                Shell Gas (LPG) for Home   Shell helps ensure that your home is always warm and comfortable, even during the coldest months.                   Careers  Discover the impact you could make with a career at Shell.    Find out if a career in Shell is for you                         You may also be interested in                 Media   Access our media releases and browse our online publications.                Energy and innovation   How we use human ingenuity, innovation and technology to unlock more, cleaner energy for the decades ahead.                Sustainability   Sustainability at Shell is about delivering energy in a responsible way to meet the world’s growing needs.                                 

Product Catalogue Search









             
          




   ERROR: Invalid URL


















Shell Pakistan – An Strategic Analysis - Ravi Magazine         







Reports0Shell Pakistan – An Strategic Analysisby Ravi Magazine · 18th September 2015     Shell has 101-years history in South Asia. The company began in 1899 by importing kerosene from Azerbaijan. With annual sales nearing US$ 1 billion, Shell Pakistan is one of the leading private sector companies in Pakistan. Shell has been active in both upstream (exploration) and downstream projects (refining, blending, distribution and marketing) in order to fulfill its energy commitment to Pakistan. The Royal Dutch Shell Group has interests in three companies in Pakistan;30% stake in Pakistan Refinery Limited67% stake in Burshane Pakistan Limited100% stake in Shell Development and off-shore Pakistan B.VShell focuses on supplying value added services in long-term relationships to many businesses and providing everyday convenience across Pakistan. Shell Pakistan s responsible for the operations of 11 countries located in South Asia and Gulf region.Shell Pakistan is listed on the KSE with current share price of 356 as of 27/4/200. SHELL Oils Pakistan has a very large network for distributing refined petroleum products and lubricants to the needs of the Pakistani markets. Besides owning and having stakes in the above mentioned companies the Royal Dutch Shell Group also owns a lube Blending Plant located in Karachi from where it gets its refined products and lubricants manufactured. In the distribution system, it own 140 lube shops, 27 lube vans, more than 420 service stations and Commercial Lubricant Plant and for specialty products and it also provide marine fuels and aviation fuels. MARKETING AUDITMARKETING ENVIRONMENT AUDIT (Macroenvironment)     DEMOGRAPHICDemographic environment is essential for company’s point of view because it involves people who are the main determinant of different markets. Demographic studies comprises of human population according to size, density, location, age, sex, race, occupation etc. In general, the major demographic threat is of course the growing population. Due to this hazard, needs and wants of human beings are increasing which create a threat of not fulfilling these needs and wants due to insufficient amount of resources to meet the desired production level. The demand of petroleum products has been continuously increasing since the rapid development in industrialization especially in automobile industry. Applying these facts to Pakistani market where with the growing population, automobile usage rate has also been increased which mean growing market opportunities for petroleum product companies. Currently, there are only three major petroleum product companies working effectively here viz.Shell Pakistan LimitedPakistan State Oil (PSO)Caltex Oils Pakistan Limited.These companies are extensively fulfilling the current demand of petroleum products according to the demographic needs of the population.Demographic trends posses an opportunity for Shell in a way that it is a multinational company and its strength lies in its ability to bring in changes and innovation from abroad into local environment according to the local trends in population, lifestyle of the people and their perception about its products. It poses threats in a sense that Pakistan is a developing country searching for new technologies for rapid development. The difference between the western technologies and ours is vast because of educational lag and ability to adapt changes. So, as technology, skills, and expertise are coming in from abroad, it is somehow difficult to absorb them in the local environment. Managers at Shell very well know about these facts and categorically working out different strategies to cope with this problem of under absorbing new technologies in local environment. ECONOMICThe economic environment is defined as factors that effect consumer buying power and spending patterns. In today’s world, two types of economies in terms of level as well as distribution of incomes viz. subsistence economies in which countries consume mostly their own agricultural and industrial output, and industrial economies which stands at the other extreme. Countries having subsistence economies have little market opportunity for international marketers but they find it lucrative to invest in countries possessing industrial economies. Pakistan falls under subsistence economies but due to major industrialization it’s heading towards industrial economies and that’s why many multinational companies showing their keen interest in investing in Pakistan. Changes in incomesIn Pakistan, there is a considerable variance in income level between upper and the lower class. The upper class has a lot to spend while lower class has been working hard to pull itself out of poverty circle.As the population of Pakistan consists of mostly middle and lower class, Shell is following the strategy of value marketing because Shell’s main objective is revolved around “Customers” as the company’s motto is “You can be sure of Shell”     This strategy implies to provide right combination of products and good services at a fair price.There is a distorted impact of income on the company. In rural areas, the impact is less positive as company cannot possess more outlets there. In urban areas, it is definitely positive impact because of more outlets and distribution channels. Government’s deregulation of prices of lubricants leads to different prices in the different cities.This basically happens because of transportation cost that was initially borne by the government but now company is responsible for this. As such, there is no direct relationship between savings and company. NATURAL RESOURCESAs far as the availability of the natural resources is concerned, company is basically engaged in both upstream (exploration) and the downstream  (refining, blending, distribution and marketing) of petroleum business. By downstream of petroleum business we mean that it couldn’t drill the soil for getting crude oil from it first, and then further process and blend it into petroleum refines, lubricants, and specialty products so, it required no direct access to the natural resources. However, the main costs comprise getting crude oil and base oil from National Refinery and blend it to produce different products. The cost that company incurs is according to the oil prices prevailing in the international market. Cost depends upon the materials required and terms and conditions with the government.International standards for health, the environment and safety are an integral part of Shell’s business planning and operations. This carries through all levels, with a comprehensive system of management practices, training and auditing. Shell facilities are among the industry leaders in preventing pollution and oil spills and in preserving natural resources and habits. As a result, the company’s environmental, health and safety performance is well above the industry norm.Sophisticated environmental technology helps employees manage and monitor activity to assure safety, protect health, minimize pollution, process recyclable waste materials, meet community expectations and government regulations. Shell has introduced a driver league system that will encourage drivers to operate in a safe manner by providing incentives targeted towards improving the quality of their lives. Shell Pakistan has made it mandatory that drivers carrying Shell’s product wear seat belts. This has reduced the number of fatalities that occur due to adverse road conditions and poor driving standards. Shell has also regularly training drivers in a bid to improve driving standards. Shell has also establishing a number of rest stations (that will provide rest and recreational facilities to drivers) throughout the country, along the major routes as well as depots and installations. TECHNOLOGYToday’s world is moving with a tremendous pace in technological changes. New technologies replace the older ones quickly. Also, with the growth in automobile industry, the demand in petroleum products has been increased drastically. The new changing technology in automobile industry induces the manufacturer of petroleum products to constantly innovate new combination of high quality lubricants in order to provide customers, satisfactory and reasonable value for their money.Shell has pioneered products, services and technologies used in the petroleum industry today. It is committed to a variety of total quality management initiatives and ISO 9000 standards. From new fuels and lubricants to innovations in refining, customers and joint venture partners count on Shell to deliver leading-edge product and technologies. With its own expertise, added to research and development groups, Shell optimizes upon its existing resources, boost refining efficiency, and markets performance-tested products with real value of customers. In addition, Shell Pakistan Limited offers independently developed technologies that help to optimize the quality and environmental suitability of Shell’s products.In the retail sector, Shell pioneered the service station technology for delivering compressed natural gas CNG to automobiles. Shell has started extensive research on CNG as viable and profitable business venture of the future. It also was the first in its operating area to promote branded gasoline based on a performance deposit control additive package. Shell’s Rimula-X, Rimula-C and Rimula-D increased performance, reduced fuel consumption and controlled emissions. POLITICALPolitical uproar may affect company’s activities but to a very little extent. The main factor is again deregulation of prices and company has to change its strategy accordingly. It has always worked according to the rules and regulations designed by the government. As such, there is no major effect-taking place because all the companies in the industry will face the same circumstances. CULTURALCulture can be defined as the basic values, perceptions, preferences, and behaviors of a particular society. So, cultural environment includes institutions and other forces that affect all of the above factors. In our society, their is a vast deviation in the perception, values, and behavior because our society is composed of people belonging to different segments of the country. Besides this, there is a class difference i.e. upper class, middle class, and lower class. When these differences come into play, a company feels difficult to cope with each and every need of different people. Because upper class usually prefers the higher quality products with higher prices. Reverse is the case with the lower class. With the growing use of expensive cars manufactured under new technologies, people are heading towards a luxurious and lavish lifestyle. The vigorous economies in Asian countries are creating a rapidly increasing demand for petroleum products as well. A significant part of that demand is coming from a young expanding middle class whose purchasing power is an approach to its counter parts in the European community. They are buying modern, expensive automobiles and the products to run them. The potential to capture a significant share of this market, while also attracting large number of high- mileage motorists such as taxi drivers and other professional drivers, is the reason Shell is concentrating its resources so intensely on retail. MARKETING ENVIRONMENT AUDIT(Task Environment) MARKETMarket is defined as the set of all-actual and potential buyers and sellers. In case of Shell, the market which we are talking about is the market for petroleum products (Lubricants). It means all the retail outlets at which customers get what they want regarding petroleum products comprises mainly of petrol, lubricants like motor engine oil (SHELL ADVANCE), diesel engine oil (RIMULA series), hydraulic oils, etc. Market Size & Growth Market size is growing day by day as competition is developing between the three giants of the industry i.e. SHELL, PSO, and CALTEX. With the growing vehicle consumption, the company’s growth in the market is significant. In nation wide retail petroleum products distribution network, PSO leads the market by capturing a market share of 75% having an annual sales of Rs.82 billion and an assets of Rs.16 billion (all the figures are approximate). Shell holds a market share of 17%in the lubricant market. This market has an annual sales volume of 275 million liters. Shell had a sales turnover of Rs.49 billion in the year 1998-1999.Shell primarily focuses on the three main cities of Pakistan i.e. Karachi, Lahore, & Islamabad because of two reasons i.e. these cities comprises concentrated population and have largest purchasing power in the country. For example, one rupee spent on advertising maximizes coverage; similarly, one rupee spent on promotion maximizes return on sales. So, its primary focus is on the three main cities with subsequent focuses on Peshawar, Faisalabad, and so on.In retail business, market share depends on how many number of retail outlets a company possess. Consider the case of Karachi, Shell has a market share of 33%, Caltex has a market share of 32% and PSO has 35% share in the market. In terms of retail outlets in Karachi, Shell possess 96 retail outlets, Caltex has around 52 retail outlets while PSO leads the market by possessing around 130 retail outlets (This figure is taken from a marketing research survey conducted early last year). So, the total number of retail outlets in the city comes out to be 278. Retail outlet share of Shell is around 34.5%, Caltex has18.7% share in retail outlet while PSO captures a retail outlet share of 46.8%. If we divide market share by the number of retail outlet share, we will get market effectiveness. After calculating, we can say that Shell has a market effectiveness of 1.7 times i.e. if it makes an investment of one rupee, it will get 1.7 rupee back. For Shell this figure is 0.96 and for PSO it is 0.75. So, out of three, Shell is the most effective company as it gets more of the two on its investments. Geographic DistributionFor geographic distribution, company has divided the country into two parts; Northern region and Southern region. Punjab and NWFP come under northern region, while Balochistan and Sindh come under southern region. Among the three, Shell is the most profitable company in terms of return on asset and return on sales. ProfitsAs far as profits are concerned, company is running with growing profits. Last year, company made a profit of about Rs 880.74 million after tax. Expectations for this year, according to the management, is even more than last year’s profit because as we have seen in the above section that Shell is the most profitable in terms of return on investment. Major Market SegmentsThe major market segments are industrial segment and distribution segment. Industrial segment comprises almost all type of major industries working in the country while distribution segment consists of the normal requirement of the automobiles. CUSTOMERSThere are two types of customers of Shell products, the upper class and the lower class of the people. Upper class comprises quality and service conscious people and have less consideration about prices. Reverse is the case in lower class people.As Shell is always puts customers’ values in the center while making price strategy, its products reflects the ideology of customers buying power and the satisfaction that they can get from its products. The factors that customers keep in their minds  are, of course, greater quality and satisfaction. As long as they are getting a good quality and performance, they would buy its products because, by using these lubricants, they could improve the efficiency of their cars. CUSTOMERS ATTITUDE TOWARDS SHELLShell has constantly watching the trends and the patterns of people’s lifestyles and drawing conclusions on these changing scenarios. It is successfully placing its products and providing services in the form of petrol pumps into the market according to the needs of the people. People at Shell design the strategies to produce high quality lubricants and refines to match the users’ requirements. The people have a nice and appreciable attitude and perception about the company’s products. They think that Shell’s products can provide better value for their money. They prefer Shell products to some other brands because of high quality and competitive prices. That is the reason why, Shell products’ demand is growing day by day. COMPETITORSThe main competitors are CALTEX and PSO. Both of them specially Caltex are more concerned about the market share rather than market effectiveness. Right now, Shell has approximately 33% market share whereas PSO has approximately 35% while Caltex has approximately 32%. Shell captures a good market share both in rural and urban areas of Pakistan. But Shell is also putting a lot of concentration on developing markets in rural areas that is not economical for the time being. This can be termed as a weakness of the company. CHANNELSSince it belongs to retail business industry therefore, the main channels for distributing products to the customers are retail outlets. There are some other channels which are used to distribute Shell’s products for example, lube shops which contains only Shell’s brands, distributors which carry different petroleum brands along with Shell’s lubricant brands, spare parts shops, different work shops, dealers and petrol pumps. These channels are performing very well in terms of market efficiency, market effectiveness, and profitability.Besides these channels, it distributes products through direct selling to the industrial sector. It captures 18% to 20 % shares in sales of industrial oils and lubricants. It provides good quality industrial oil and lubricants to almost all the major industries in the country consisting textile, machinery etc. No intermediary would involve in selling to the industry because company makes direct selling to them. SUPPLIERSThe main supplier of the company is government that provides raw oil and base oil for the manufacturing of different products. The major trends, which affect suppliers, is fluctuations in the oil prices in international markets and the inconsistency in the economic condition of the country. Otherwise, the process of getting crude and base oils from the government is quite smooth.PUBLICSGovernment is the main publics which provides problem and opportunity for the company. It can cope with this by obeying the government rules and regulations about the industry.  MARKETING STRATEGY AUDITBUSINESS MISSIONSince, it is a retail business, therefore its business mission is sales and distribution oriented. Its market has flourished as more competitors enter into the market and the marketing environment gets more aggressive. So, its business mission, according to its Chairman Mr. David M. Weston is on becoming the : “Top performer of first choice.”                         Although, its business mission is sales and distribution oriented, it reflects the market oriented theme because company gives top priority to customers’ satisfaction. MARKETING OBJECTIVESThe main marketing objectives are:To maximize market effectiveness by analyzing how company is performing in different areas.to get a high ROIto provide customer satisfactionThese objectives are clearly defined to guide marketing and sales planning and performance because these objectives are upgraded quarterly, half yearly and annually through different meetings like regional marketing conference, operation conference and marketing conference. By constantly working according to these objectives, company avail benefits as much as it can from the opportunities and resources it gets. MARKETING STRATEGYIts motto is“You can be sure of Shell” i.e. the marketing strategy revolves around customers’ satisfaction and developing long term relationship with them by providing quick and satisfactory service without destroying and affecting their values. Its marketing strategy covers two basic aspects, focus on quality products & focus on geographical distribution in those areas, which are feasible for business. Also, it focuses on economic profitability. Focus On Quality ProductsShell is recognized with the highest quality products and is associated with reliability and performance. At present, the highest-grade lubricant on offer in Pakistan is Shell Rimula-X for high performance passenger diesel vehicles, Rimula-D mainly for trucks & various transportation vehicles and Rimula-C for factory machines and fishing trawlers. Focus On Geographical DistributionShell is distinctively positioned as far as marketing in geographical distribution is concerned with an intense focus on the three main cities i.e. Karachi, Lahore, and Islamabad and industrial centers in Pakistan. Subsequently, in other major cities in descending order in terms of geographical feasibility. Economic ProfitabilityAs far as the economic profitability is concerned, Shell follows the approach of doing business in those areas that are economically suitable. It focuses on the densely populated areas like Karachi, Lahore, & Islamabad, which provides better opportunities for economic profitability. That’s why if we consider the nation wide market share, it would be around 5% but in terms of economically feasible areas like Karachi, it would be around 33%. BUDGETSIt does not budget things with respect to products. It budgets things to sales efforts as it is a sales oriented company. It does not mean that it forgets about the customers but still the central core is ‘customers’. Budgeting is zero-based in Shell that is budget does not wholly depend on the previous year’s sales but as the needs arise, changes are made right from the beginning. That’s how it makes advertising and promotional budgets.  MARKETING ORGANIZATION AUDIT FORMAL STRUCTURE    Shell has a market-oriented structure, which focuses around customer-orientation. For different segments of customers, the sales and marketing activities are optimally structured along functional, market, and territory lines. For example, for each industry like pharmaceutical, cement etc different sales person is assigned. These sales persons are trained in a way that they can provide the individual industry with technical backup and specific and tailored approach of getting a particular oil product. Even in the retail business, different sales persons are assigned for different retail outlet and distributors. Same strategy is applied for dealing with aviation and government.Shell has a flat structure and the chief marketing officer has an adequate authority over activities affecting customer satisfaction. He can supervise various activities regarding customer satisfaction and building long term relationship with customers. FUNCTIONAL EFFICIENCYThe marketing staff is well trained, supervised and may be motivated enough but still is evaluated frequently. They are evaluated through their sales efforts i.e. how effectively they achieve their sales targets, customer service people are evaluated by their efforts in handling activities regarding customer service and so on.As far as communication between sales and marketing staff is concerned, they do communicate effectively because they work as a team. They believe in synergy i.e. by working as a team they could have achieved what they couldn’t, if they worked individually. INTERFACE EFFICIENCYMarketing staff not only has a sound working with sales staff but it also works well with manufacturing, purchasing, human resources and other non marketing areas in order to achieve organizational goals.In Shell, marketing and sales department line managers are fully responsible for the decisions they make. They have almost full authority over other functional areas. As the primary function of Shell is that of an oil-marketing firm so we can conclude that marketing and sales have dominance over other functional areas. MARKETING SYSTEM AUDIT MARKETING INFORMATION SYSTEMThere is an internal division reserved for marketing research and intelligence in Shell. This division is responsible for providing the updated information about the research work and also, to find out the competitors existing strategies as well as their future strategies about the market. Besides this, every sales person has a responsibility of getting a little bit of the knowledge about the market conducts especially competitors’ strategies during his or her work. This further supplements the internal division to analyze the market more effectively because sales person has a better idea about the current market demand, behavior of the customers and what are the reactions of their competitors in response to their sales. The company decision-makers thoroughly analyze this relevant information. On the basis of which they design to their day to day decisions and plan their future course of action in response to the competitor’s moves and strategies. MARKETING PLANING SYSTEMThe company prepares annual, long-term and strategic plans, which are harmonized with short-term and tactical plans. They have designated the responsibilities for determining the company’s future courses of action but the major chunk of such work falls under two planning sections or departments. One works under fiscal or finance department and the other one works under marketing department. Annual budgets, business planning and other planning regarding finance are made by the fiscal planning section while marketing planning section makes the marketing plans concerning the future marketing strategies, marketing investment strategies etc. MARKETING CONTROL SYSTEMShell has more than often been able to outrun the objectives and target set by itself due to an ever increase in the consumption of petroleum products and also due to its aggressive marketing strategies. As people are becoming more knowledgeable about the maintenance of their vehicles, the demand for Shell’s lubricants has also jumped rapidly higher. Through annual marketing conference and regional marketing conference it analyzes various aspects of marketing. To make sure that the targets are met, they have maintained a very healthy competition amongst their distributors. By keeping the competition, not only they have dispelled any notion of malpractice by the distributors but have also harmonized the goals of Shell and its distributors. NEW PRODUCT DEVELOPMENTBefore introducing any new product, first of all different ideas about the new product are developed according to the demand and different markets of customers, competing products and their prices, suppliers, distribution and other factors. Then, these ideas are processed through screening for picking up the feasible ones and dropping the poor ones. Then, a feasibility plan is prepared ahead of time to find out whether it will be economically good to introduce this new product in a particular segment. Then, they check out the strategies of competitors and so on.                        MARKETING PRODUCTIVITUY AUDIT PROFITABILITYAt Shell, profitability is measured in terms of market share as it major rival is PSO which has its services spread in almost throughout the country. Its business shows a sound profitability in terms market share as well as net income after taxes. There are different markets like Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad etc, in which profitability is being measured by considering the contribution margin of particular city or market. Shell is also working on expanding as they are locked in competition with PSO. Keeping this mind, they have recently expanded the network of theirs to remote areas of NWFP and Balochistan. The consequences of such expansion would be thoroughly analyzed by the competitors and would be taken seriously because they don’t want to lose their market share. COST EFFECTIVENESSAs Shell is in the process of revival and expansion, costs incurred due to these are quiet high. During the year 1998-99, the capital expenditure was Rs. 788 million. Still Shell has been commendable in keeping its costs effectively lower than the competitors. But the costs marketing activities are higher than the rest as it is looking forward to expanding to all parts of the country. For example, cost on promotion and advertising are very high which can be reduced by effective negotiations and developing better and long-term relationship with the concerned people and agencies. Shell has always made sure to maintaining consistently high quality products while incurring lower overall costs than PSO and Caltex. So, people at Shell know the knack of tackling the problem of increasing costs without compromising on the product quality and its perceived value. To insure and maintain high standards of customer services, a dedicated department continuously trains dealers and their staff. Besides this, Shell choose the best suppliers and dealers in order to get best quality and negotiate with them in a way that both agree on terms and conditions which are feasible for them in terms of cost and profitability. MARKETING FUNCTIONAL AUDIT  PRODUCTThe company has developed sound product line objectives. Its objective is to provide customers, a premium product. It has a variety of product-line some of the products cover the petrol engines, some of them cover diesel engines, some are specialty products while some are manufactured for industrial purposes. The major product-line is; for petrol engine category it has Helix; for diesel engine category it has Rimula X, Rimula C and Rimula X. different product groups of Shell are the following:Lubricants (Rimula X,C and D for diesel engines. Helix for petrol engines, and Shell Advance for motorcycles).Fuel oilJet A-oneMOGASAGOAll the above mentioned products are doing very well in the market and there is no need to phase out any product right now but as the need arises, it should be done. As far as adding up a new product is concerned, company is periodically analyze the market and if there is any need of certain kind of product, it should add as it is planning to launch a new two stroke motorcycle engine oil. Company is benefited comprehensively through the production and sale of these products as they satisfies the customers’ perceived values in terms of quality and price.Performances of the above-mentioned products, in terms of customer satisfaction and profitability, have been a lot more than satisfactory. Due to this there are no plans to induct any new product in their product line. To keep a constant look out for the need of introducing new products, the market analysis is done on a periodical basis. PRICEThe pricing objective is to promote a strong company image and circulate to maximize profit in minimum possible time. Shell has usually used a skimming pricing strategy. They introduce their products at relatively high prices. Still their products are demanded immensely by people for their quality. In the beginning, Shell set its price according to the demand and the cost it incur but with the passage of time, competitors followed the same course of action and that’s why the current situation is the same for every company as the pricing strategies are same. DISTRIBUTIONContractual VMS and Shell uses intensive distribution.Reasons for Contractual VMS  (MKt. Consideration)There is a huge target market.Huge number of potential customers.Widespread geographic concentrationHuge order sizeThe distribution objectives and strategies consist of providing good quality products to the customers at the right time and at the right place through effective distribution channels to match their perceived values about the products. To revive the company’s image, Shell actively sponsors major events such as cricket matches and auto-cross rallies. It has now developed adequate market coverage and providing a huge market service through out the country.To be more competent and hold the major share of the market, Shell is aggressively working on strategies to topple the competitors hold over the retail business by serving the preferred customers in modern, convenient facilities that match their status. Shell has created a new kind of service stations all over the world in order to distribute its products effectively and by developing new customer focused, attendants whose spirit of service is second to none.Select convenience stores are leading this retail emphasis in high-volume locations. These brightly presented, spacious stores offer customers quick, one-stop purchasing experience where service, tailored by there own high expectations, is the norms. Consequently, customers at stations anchored by Select are experiencing a new Shell, whose superior service does not end at the pump. Total of 95 retail outlets was upgraded during the previous year. The total number of Shell’s RVI outlets is 348. The current target for the year 1999-2000 being 400.The total package includes speedy, full-service fueling; professional automotive cares at car washes and lube bays; and convenience stores products and services (such as ATMs, phones and faxes). Shell has cordial and helpful attendants. The latest service of Shell gene has really added a differential advantage, which shows their adaptive attitude towards the upcoming technologies. Shell gene saves the hassle and time for an oil change.  ADVERTISEMENT,SALES PROMOTION & PUBLICITYFor advertisement, sales promotion and publicity, people at Shell put there at most efforts to achieve the objective of creating a preferred place in customer’s mind. Today’s market is flourished with too much influx of different kinds of products so, it is difficult for every company to hold the market without being followed by aggressive strategies and objectives. Shell follows the same track and sets its promotion objectives keeping in mind that customers are the main factor for adapting aggressive marketing. Besides, the rapidly growing automobile industry could probably one of the reasons of following these strategies.Budget for advertisement and promotional activities is sufficient enough because this budget is being prepared as the need arises. The company sets this budget according to the advertisement and sponsors of the promotional activity.Advertising messages and media are well developed and received by the customers as we can see in the ad of Shell Helix. It rightly justifies the fact about the product when it says “the energy in action..” This message contains the theme of reliability, quality and strength of the product when it shows that the same motor oil is used for Formula-1 racing cars. All of these ads are contained with precise and well developed theme which can easily portrait the Shell’s image.Different promotional programs are designed for the purpose the details of which are as follows:  Autocross Car Race ChampionshipShell has a long history of sponsoring exciting auto races. Autocross racing is considered as one of the safest forms racing participated by drivers with diverse skills, even drivers with everyday use cars passing AM Shell Technical / safety inspection can qualify for the race.Shell Formula-3 Autocross race was held on October 11, 1996 at Clifton , Karachi. Shell along with Agha Motors successfully organized the event which one of its kind. That was an exciting and thrilling event that helped in promoting the car racing sports in Pakistan and Shell is proudly sponsored the event, which was a continuing tradition of seven years.Recently, another autocross championship called “AM SHELL TRITHLON” was jointly organized by Shell and Agha motors which was held on April 6 and 13, 1997. This AM Shell triathlon features three different types of racing- Autocross solo II & drag racing(April 6) and Solo I hi-speed Autocross (April 13). These races were held at the following places: Autocross Solo II near Playland, Clifton; Drag racing at Wateji in malir distt. And Solo I hi-speed Autocross at AM speedway near Gharo. These events clearly shows Shell’s keen interest in the promotion of sports activities in Pakistan which in turn helpful in promoting its own name, brand and image. Scrabble TournamentIn the continuous spirit of promoting different types of sports and games in Pakistan, Shell moved another step ahead. The latest one was sponsoring of the 4th inter- firm Scrabble Tournament held at local hotel on February 21 & 22, 1997. This was yet another step by Shell to grab the attention of the people and to get an appreciable place in the eyes of its customers. Some Other Promotional Activities At Shell Various kinds of sales promotion activities has been successfully done by the sales promotion group at Shell. The major ones are joint promotion activities with the other well reputed companies in the region. The aim of doing joint promotion is to get high quality, sought-after products as promotional items for its customers. Some of the programs that have been organized are given below: Discounted Car Service PromotionThis was conducted at Star Service Center, Jail Road , Lahore from May 29 to June 15,1996. It had the dual aim of increasing the sales and introducing the car service facility to new customers. It was also meant to generate activity at that site which is facing a lot of competition. The customers filling-up 20 liters or more were given a Discount Service Card, and they were asked to fill-up 150 liters within a month to be entitled to car service for Rs.25 only. These cards were issued during the promotion period of approximately 2 weeks.This was an innovative scheme and it was successful in generating sales. The Discount Service Card had the name, address and telephone no. section which the customers were asked to fill-up on redemption. The data from the cards received so far ahs been noted for setting up Lahore customers data base.  Customer ServiceUnder this, a help line is being set to provide even better service to the customers. The basic purpose of this help line is not only to provide knowledge about the various lines of products but to assist customers in finding the day to day problems regarding their car engine. During the previous year, people at the Customer service received approximately 6,000 to 7,000 calls and provided guidance to their customers. The customers’ response regarding this service is marvelous and people are appreciating this effort made by Shell because they are getting valuable tips and knowledge about the problems of their cars. SALESFORCEThe salesforce possesses the required skills needed for effective marketing and competitive advantage. They are chosen on their abilities to capture the market in the best possible way.As mentioned in one of the previous sections, country is divided into two geographic regions i.e. northern and southern region so as the sales force. Further, within these regions it divided according to industrial sector, distribution sector and retail sector. Sales force objectives comprises the same marketing objectives like to provide industry, distributors and retailers the best possible quality products on the right time to avoid the gap between demand and supply of its products.As far as the size of the salesforce is concerned, it consists of a large number. They are too many people currently working in Shell. But besides such a large force, they are properly organized. Well-trained executives who are responsible for inducing motivation in them supervise them.Salesforce can be rated in a high rank as compared to competitors’. For example, consider the case of PSO where sales force is not as much efficient as it should be. The main reason could be that it is a state own company and has a bad management. For the same reason and some other, government is now privatizing it. As far as Shell’s sales force is concerned, they are also highly well trained and supervised enough to effectively compete with Shell and other companies. CONCLUSIONThis marketing audit report is proved to be a better approach of strategic control. It is also helpful in finding, analyzing, and evaluating different opportunities, threats faced by the company.The over all performance in the field of marketing, Shell Oils Pakistan Limited is within the limits of industry norms. But there are some places where improvements have to be made in order to outperform competitors and hold the market.As far as the Macroenvironment is concerned, demographic wise, there are some threats of over populations because of diversification of tastes in the diversified population. Shell’s position in petroleum industry is strong in the sense that it categorically fulfilling the needs of the diversified customers in order to hold its markets superiority over its competitors.According to economical, natural, technological, political and cultural environments, Shell managing these environments in a way to cope with the structured and unstructured problems so as minimize the risk of being followers. The core of its marketing objectives is of course, customer satisfaction while keeping in mind the consequences of not managing these environments accordingly.Task environment plays a very important role in setting marketing objectives at Shell. There are only two main rivals in the petroleum industry for Shell. But with the increased industrialization in Pakistan, more and more foreign petroleum companies are interested in opening venture in Pakistan. Some of them are Mobil Corporation, British petroleum, Petromen Oils. These companies are just the new comers in Pakistani industry, but with the passage of time posing some great threats to the industry giants.Shell strictly follows its marketing objective strategies because this is the only way to acquire competitive advantage over competitors. If it couldn’t do this, it would have cost more than what they would get now in terms of profitability, efficiency, market effectiveness and economy.As people at Shell are well and highly trained and educated, they know how to communicate with customers as well as with their colleagues effectively.As far as marketing system is concerned, Shell fetching the maximum advantage of the research materials available to them. After thoroughly analyzing these information, planning and control system would seems to be rather easy.In terms of profitability and cost effectiveness, we can say that Shell leads the market if not individually but some how with one of the competitors. Shell couldn’t get this at the expense of its customers but mainly at the expense of competitors which is the right way. This would help Shell to build brand equity and loyalty.Marketing function is doing very well at Shell, as we have seen in the previous section that it has a well reputed product line, Customer perceived competitive prices, a well organized and equipped distribution system within the city and throughout the country, well received advertising media and promotional activities and of course, the very best of the salesforce who are devoted towards achieving what company wanted to achieve. RECOMMENDATIONBased on the analysis of this marketing audit report, I would prefer to put forward some of my recommendation for improving some of its weak points. They are as follows. Shell’s city wise market share is pretty good as compared to its competitors but it must improve its nation wide market share as well. It is satisfied with it for the time being but with growing market potential, rapid industrialization and entrance of new aggressive entrants would damage the existing 33% market share nation wide. Although rural areas are not economical feasible for Shell because of its size as compared to Shell, it must gradually pay attention to easy access to those areas keeping in mind the cost factor.It must increase its retail outlets in the city keeping the current market effectiveness factor because competitors are also working out on the same strategies.Currently, government is planning to privatize PSO. Shell and some of the other petroleum companies are interested in giving bids for this deal. But what I think that it must go for this bidding to get the major share in the company. As it is alarming for it that new entrants are showing their keen interest in this bidding, to stand aside would cost Shell to lose its market share considerably.It must sponsor some of the music shows like VJ on NTM, VCD on PTV. Also, they should sponsor Road shows like on Star TV. This would considerably increase its name, brand and image.    SUGGESTED FOR YOU     Tweet    Comments commentsTags: Reports & Studies You may also like...    0 Gulf Airways – A Study of Airline Market Competition1 Jun, 2015    Hinopak Motors Pakistan Limited: Cost Accounting Report8 Jun, 2016    ANZ Pakistan – Sales Report2 Oct, 2015Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published.CommentName Email Website    Follow:Next story Citibank Pakistan: Operations ReportPrevious story Book Review: How Desis Became The Greatest Nation on EarthReports & Studies مطالعہ/رپورٹ   ReportsBurewala Textile Mills Limited: An MBA Report6 Feb, 2016   ReportsOraTech Systems Private Limited – Methods in Business Research Report20 Jun, 2015Like us on Facebook We the People ہم لوگ   Poets & Politicians: Quote from Allama Iqbal’s private notebook.   Socrates: In Kalam of Allama IqbalPolitical Theatre سیاسی تماشہ   Bangladesh: Democracy On The Move  – By Fuad Chowdhury   The Canadian Dream: Never Fulfilled  – By S. ShahFiction … جو سنا فسانہ تھا   Culture / Fiction افسانےMaut Ka Kuwaan (Well of Death) – By Rozaiba   Fiction افسانےLessons from the Technologist’s MotherPopular Poetry شعرو شاعری   Loveless – English Poem By A. Arsalan   Arz-e-Watan ke liye ek Nazam – Amjad Islam AmjadCulture Vulture ثقافت   Culture / PoliticsLanguage of Power: How it is getting more exclusive  – By R. Khan   Culture / Music & MoviesMovie Reviews: Bend it like Beckham and The WarriorMost Popular   Economics Term Report on the decision to buy a Watch   گورنمنٹ کالج یونیورسٹی لاہور میں منشیات کے خلاف آگاہی سیمینار – Anti-Drugs Seminar at GCU Lahore – By  Zahir Mehmood   Gender Equality: The Western Concept [Part 1]   Gender Equality: The Islamic Concept [Part 2]   How to write a Business Communications Company [BCC] Report?About Ravi MagazineRavi Magazine is a tribute to Ravians, alumni of GCU Lahore, who over a history of 150 years shaped Arts, Literature, Politics and History of South Asia.  Click here to learn about the Ravians in top banner.Careers @ Ravi MagazineDo you have an interest in India & Pakistani Culture, Arts, Literature, Poetry, Events, Politics, News, Food & more?  Click here for Open Positions at Ravi Magazine Freelance writers can drop us an email at EDITOR@RAVIMAGAZINE.COM with specimen of writing or any area of interest.For quality writers, we pay for contributions.Ravi Magazine CompetitionRavi Magazine holds an Annual Competition to invite original research papers and reports on any topic related to Pakistani economy. Email us entries at EDITOR@RAVIMAGAZINE.COM for a chance to an Android Tablet.Best of Sufi Music from India & PakistanFrom Qawwali of Nusrat  and Rahat Fateh Ali Khan  to Arfana Kalam of Abida Parveen  , or Punjabi Kafi by Hans Raj Hans  to Sufiana Music of A.R.Rahman  , visit thesufi.com  for the Largest Collection of Sufi Music, featuring 1500+ MP3 tracks. MoreTopics موضوعات● Reports & Studies (199)● GCU Lahore (85)● Urdu Poetry شاعری (84)● Ravians (71)● Allama Iqbal علامہ اقبال (56)● Faiz Ahmed Faiz فیض (26)● Punjabi Poetry (25)● Ghazal (25)● Industries (21)● English Poetry (17)● Islam (17)● Javed Nama by Allama Iqbal (16)● Politics سیاست (15)● United States (15)● Economics (13)● India (13)● Feminism (12)● Education Policy (12)● Urooj Nisar (12)● Kawish Abbasi (12)● Iqbaliyat (12)● English Fiction (10)● Lahore لاہور (9)● Urdu (8)● Karachi (7)● Jinnah (Quaid-e-Azam) (7)● Dr. Javed Iqbal (7)● Kaneez Batool (7)● Bhutto Family (6)● Cricket (6)● Manto (Saadat Hasan) (6)● Book Reviews (6)● Environment (6)● Children (6)● Information Technology (5)● Investment in Pakistan (5)● 9/11 (5)● Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan (5)● Sufism (5)● Parveen Shakir (5)● Afsanay (5)● Advertising (5)● Coca Cola (5)● Anwar Masood انور مسعود (4)● Punjab پنجاب (4)● Rumi (4)● Mughals (4)● Interviews (4)● Bollywood (4)● 1947 Partition (4)● Gandhi गांधी (4)● Ramzan (4)● Textiles (4)● Abda Khan (4)● Habib Bank Limited (4)● MCB (4)● Telecoms (3)● Nawaz Sharif نواز شریف (3)● Noon Meem Rashid ن.م. راشد (3)● Amrita Pritam (3)● Ahmad Faraz احمد فراز (3)● Punjabi Stories (Fiction) (3)● Dr. Abdus Salam (3)● Eid (3)● Tahzib-ul-Akhlaaq Magazine (3)● Agriculture (3)● Public Speaking (3)● Bano Qudsia بانو قدسیہ (2)● Nayer Samdani (2)● Human Rights (2)● Waris Shah وارث شاہ (2)● Noor Jehan (2)● Foreign Aid (2)● Poverty (2)● Mirza Ghalib مرزا غالب (2)● Imran Khan (2)● Lahore Androon Shehr (2)● Lollywood (2)● Nazim Hikmat (2)● Mahmoud Dervish (Poet) (2)● Quran (2)● Mirza Athar Baig (2)● Persian Poetry (2)● Short Stories (2)● Society (2)● Ajoka Theatre (2)● PML-N (2)● Abida Parveen (2)● Hinduism (2)● Junoon (2)● Medicine (2)● Basant (2)● Evolution (2)● Eqbal Ahmad (2)● Ali Garh University (2)● Tobacco Industry (2)● Entrepreneurship (2)● Sir Syed Ahmad Khan (2)● Nida Fazli (2)● Time Management (2)● Citibank (2)● Leather Industry (2)● Sadequain (2)● Cover Letter (2)● Pepsi Pakistan (2)● Communication (2)● Dr. Khursheed Rizvi (2)● Banking (2)● Festivals تہوار (1)● Patras Bokhari پطرس بخاری (1)● Shafqat Amanat Ali Khan (1)● Sufi Ghulam Mustafa Tabassum (1)● Bapsi Sidhwa (1)● Attaullah Khan Esakhelvi (1)● Bandit Queen (1)● Sarmad Sehbai (1)● Asad Amanat Ali Khan (1)● Ahmadiyas (1)● Dilip Kumar (1)● Sher Mandal Library (1)● V&A Museum London (1)● Naseeruddin Shah (1)● General Zia (1)● Amartya Sen (1)● United Kingdom (1)● Humayun (Mughal Emperor) (1)● Samuel Bourne (1)● Khaled Ahmed (Journalist) (1)● Mehdi Hasan (1)● Ayub Khan ایوب خان (1)● Pervez Hoodbhoy (1)● Adil Najam (1)● Afghanistan (1)● Rabbi Shergill (1)● Deepa Mehta (1)● Philosophy (1)● Shoaib Mansoor (1)● NATO (1)● Kamal Uddun Azfar (1)● Shareef Kunjahi (1)● Saeed Anwar (1)● Mohenjo-daro (1)● Jassa Singh (1)● Kasur (1)● Pablo Neruda (1)● Sania Mirza (1)● Shahnaz Begum (1)● Kashmir (1)● IT Sector (1)● Blasphemy (1)● Crime & Law (1)● Aruna Shanbaug (1)● K2 Mountain (1)● Khushal Khan Khattak (1)● Wazir Agha (1)● Iran (1)● Socialism (1)● NADRA (1)● Healthcare (1)● Gurr (1)● Amjad Islam Amjad (1)● Munir Niazi (1)● Habib Jalib (1)● Arundhati Roy (1)● Munshi Premchand (1)● Vikram Seth (1)● Qurratulain Hyder (1)● Asghar Nadeem Syed (1)● Dr. Iffat Shahab (1)● China (1)● Migration (1)● Javed Miandad (1)● Capitalism (1)● Social Issues (1)● MQM (1)● Sikhism (1)● Arab Spring (1)● Imperialism (1)● Ali Hajveri (1)● PTV (1)● Canada (1)● Mushtaq Ahmad Yusufi (1)● Mansha Yaad (1)● Hanif Ramay (1)● Yousaf Sallahuddin (1)● Market (1)● Cowasjee (1)● Dr. Waseem Anwar (1)● Tanya Wells (1)● Mobilink (1)● David Beckham (1)● Gurinder Chadha (1)● Corporate Social Responsibility (1)● Mannu Bhai (1)● Edward Said (1)● Khumaariyan Band (1)● Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (1)● Movie Review (1)● National Bank of Pakistan (1)● Nusrat Hussain (1)● Zia Mohyeddin (1)● Saima Haseeb (1)● SAARC (1)● samd (1)● Rita Mae Brown (1)● Energy Sector (1)● Global Warming (1)● Child Labour (1)● Gold (1)● Sugar Industry (1)● Asma Jahangir (1)● Pollution (1)● War (1)● Standard Chartered Bank (1)● ABN Amro (1)● ANZ Grindlays Bank (1)● Reckitt Benckiser (1)● Honda Atlas (1)● BOC Gases (1)● Vital Signs (1)● Junaid Jamshed (1)● State Bank of Pakistan (1)● Adam (1)● Zoroaster (1)● Moses (1)● Vishwamitra (1)● Buddha (1)● Bartari Hari (1)● Noam Chomsky (1)● Socrates (1)● Aristotle (1)● Ishtiaaq Ahmed (1)● Bina Shah (1)● Recommendation Letter (1)● LUMS (1)● IBA Karachi (1)● Tariq Chittari (1)● Statistics (1)● FC College Lahore (1)● Cost Accounting (1)● Philips Electrical (1)● Football (1)● NUST (1)● BASF (1)● Hamd (1)● P&G (1)● Fitness (1)● Atiya Faizi (1)● Fisheries (1)● Mohsin Hamid (1)● Booker Prize (1)● Startups (1)● Bulleh Shah (1)● Autobiography (1)● Malaysia (1)● wom (1)● Operation Zarb-e-Azb (1)● Gujrat (1)● Atal Behari Vajpayee (1)● Ahmad Nadeem Qasmi (1)● Sufi Music (1)● United Nations (1)● Islamic Banking (1)● Abdul Rahman I (1)● Armaghan-i-Hijaz (1)Search keywords          












Welcome to Pakistan Paper Products Limited - Self Adhesive Labels - Exercise Books - Ammonia Sensitized Paper - Photocopy Paper & Plotter Paper	



















































اردو


 











Home


Company Profile





Profile of Company


Vision & Mission


Company Reg. & NTN Number


Address of Reg. Office


Obituary


Quality Policy 


Code of Conduct

 




Products 





Self Adhesive Labels 


Exercise Books 


Ammonia Sensitized Paper 


Photocopy Paper & Plotter Paper

 




Governance





Profile of Board of Directors


Auditor & Share Registrar


 Shareholder Pattern


Certificate of Compliance

 




Investor Relations





Handle Investor Grievances 


SECP Investor Complaint 


Notice of General Meetings


Notice of Dividend / Bonus / Right Issue


Online Form


Electronic Transmission Form

 




Directors Elections





Notice of Director Election


Shareholder List


Proxy Form


Notice of EOGM - 2017


Details of Proxies

 




Investor Information 





Annual Reports


Financial Highlights


Interim Accounts


Symbol


Earning Per Share


Free Float


List of SH not provide CNIC

 



 





Home 
Company Profile 
Profile of Company 
Vision & Mission 
Company Reg. & NTN Number 
Address of Reg. Office 
Obituary 
Quality Policy  
Code of Conduct 

Products  
Self Adhesive Labels  
Exercise Books  
Ammonia Sensitized Paper  
Photocopy Paper & Plotter Paper 

Governance 
Profile of Board of Directors 
Auditor & Share Registrar 
 Shareholder Pattern 
Certificate of Compliance 

Investor Relations 
Handle Investor Grievances  
SECP Investor Complaint  
Notice of General Meetings 
Notice of Dividend / Bonus / Right Issue 
Online Form 
Electronic Transmission Form 

Directors Elections 
Notice of Director Election 
Shareholder List 
Proxy Form 
Notice of EOGM - 2017 
Details of Proxies 

Investor Information  
Annual Reports 
Financial Highlights 
Interim Accounts 
Symbol 
Earning Per Share 
Free Float 
List of SH not provide CNIC 




 



  












 












OUR VISION


Our Vision
To transform the company into a modern and dynamic paper converting company by utilizing experience
Read more


To transform the company into a modern and dynamic paper converting company by utilizing






OUR MISSION


Our Mission
To provide quality products to customers and explore new clients to promote sales of the company through
Read more


To provide quality products to customers and explore new clients to promote sales of the






QUALITY POLICY


Ethical Business Practices
The management of Pakistan Paper Products Ltd. always believes in best practice and good business ethics.
Read more


The management of Pakistan Paper Products Ltd. always believes in best practice and






FINANCIAL REPORT


Financial Reports
- Quarterly Reports- Annual Reports- Financial Highlights



Quarterly ReportsAnnual ReportsFinancial Highlights












 NEWS:


Annual Report 2016  |   


Mandatory Printing Of CNIC On Dividend Warrant  |   


Transmission of Quarterly Accounts Through Website   |   


Deduction of Withholding Tax on the Amount of Dividend.  |   Submission of CNIC   |   

Unclaimed Dividend Warrant & Share Certificates 










  





our products







 Self adhesive Labels in Roll Form
DETAILS →



 Exercise Books  
DETAILS →



 Ammonia Sensitized Paper 
DETAILS →



 Photocopy Paper & Plotter Paper
DETAILS →











pakistan paper products ltd.



ABOUT OUR COMPANY
Pakistan Paper Products Ltd came into existence in 1951. At that time, our newly founded country had to import all its paper products which were resulting in the drain of valuable foreign Exchange. Realizing the need of the times, Mr. Hashim B. Sayeed (Late), founder and former Chairman of Pakistan Paper Products Limited, armed with machinery and technical know how from Germany decided to set up a paper converting unit in Pakistan.
In 1962, Pakistan Paper Products became a Private Limited Company. In 1964, it became a Public Limited company and was quoted on the Karachi Stock exchange and till today it is one of the oldest listed companies at Pakistan Stock Exchange (PSX).
Read More








products Gallery


 Self Adhesive Labels Self Adhesive Labels Exercise Books Exercise Books Amonia Paper Amonia Paper Photocopy Paper Photocopy Paper Plotter Paper Plotter Paper 








  


 



Hide Main content block
 


  












 Search
 








 Search
 




















  





Contact Us



D/58 S.I.T.E, Estate Avenue Karachi 75700 - Pakistan.
+0092-21-32560134 / 32582656 / 32579698

This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
 









Reg. No. & NTN No.


INCORPORATION #. 1195/19620707, SALES TAX REG. #.02-06-4816-005-73, NTN.#. 0999468-8









Media 



Newspaper Announcement  
Other Announcement  
Membership Affiliation  
Certifications  
Website updated as on  
Site Map  









  








 


