







Gallium Nitride (GaN) Power Devices - Transphorm







































































TransphormHighest Performance, Highest Reliability GaN




Transphorm


TransphormHighest Performance, Highest Reliability GaN



Search



English
日本語
中文












Industry's first GaN
AC-DC power supply

The only power supply with a totem-pole PFC
design and GaN, delivering 80 PLUS efficiency,
power density and performance reliability

Learn More
World's first AEC-Q101
 qualified GaN solution

Transphorm drives another industry first
 with automotive-grade TPH3205WSBQA

Learn More
World’s first redundant power
supplies using GaN technology

Telcodium + Transphorm set new industry benchmarks
for efficiency and size reduction in power supplies

Learn More
Digi-Key now shipping
Transphorm GaN

Start designing with GaN: Full portfolio
of 600V and 650V GaN FETs and selected
evaluation platforms shipping now

Buy Now
New 650V GaN FET delivers
higher efficiency, smaller size
and lower system cost

Up to 40% increase in system level power density
Industry-best ±18V gate drive

Learn More
The world’s most reliable GaN

Industry's only extended JEDEC and lifetime testing
Industry's only AEC-Q101 qualified GaN

 
Learn More








Quality + Reliability



App Notes & Technical Papers



Buy Now



Transphorm Wire<<>>In the NewsJun 14 2017PFC totem pole architecture and GaN combine for high power and efficiencyPress ReleaseMay 15 2017Bel Power Solutions Introduces First-Ever AC-DC Power Supply Using Transphorm GaN FETsPress ReleaseMay 1 2017Transphorm at PCIM 2017: The GaN Revolution Has BegunIn the NewsApr 19 2017Podcast – Umesh Mishra: GaN and power to the people and planetPress ReleaseMar 27 2017Transphorm Announces First Automotive-qualified GaN FETsPress ReleaseMar 22 2017Transphorm Introduces Its Silicon Valley Center of ExcellencePress ReleaseFeb 28 2017Transphorm to Rev Up High Voltage GaN Industry at APEC 2017In the NewsFeb 7 2017Establishing the reliability lifecycle of GaN power devicesPress ReleaseDec 15 2016Transphorm’s Fully-Packaged GaN FETs Available Now Through Digi-Key’s Global WebsitesPress ReleaseNov 9 2016Transphorm Expands Second Generation Portfolio with Lower On-Resistance TO-220 650V GaN FETPress ReleaseNov 1 2016Transphorm to Showcase GaN Devices in Production and Other Firsts at Electronica 2016In the NewsOct 10 2016GaN power devices market growing at 86% CAGR to $280m in 2021Press ReleaseSep 14 2016Telcodium Partners with Transphorm to Introduce First-ever Redundant Power Supplies Using GaN FETsIn the NewsJul 21 2016Transphorming the Power Transistor Industry Using GaNPress ReleaseMar 23 2016Transphorm Introduces the Industry’s Only Fully-qualified 650V GaN FET with the Lowest R(on) in a TO-247



Back to top





















Keppel Corporation - Keppel Land increases stake in Saigon Centre in Ho Chi Minh City




































English  |  中文








Search searching ...









About Us





Vision & Mission


Operating Principles


Core Values


Board of Directors

Lee Boon Yang

Loh Chin Hua

Tow Heng Tan

Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai

Tan Ek Kia

Danny Teoh

Tan Puay Chiang

Till Vestring

Veronica Eng




Keppel Technology Advisory Panel


Senior Management


Group Structure


Global Footprint


Heritage

Significant Milestones






Our People





Talent Management

Keppel Leadership Institute

Keppel Young Leaders




Keppel Community

Keppel Volunteers

Keppel Credit Union

Keppelite Recreation Club




Careers

Management Associate / Management Trainee Programmes

Scholarships

Internships

Current Openings






Our Businesses





Offshore & Marine


Property


Infrastructure


Investments


Current Landmark Projects




Investor Centre





Key Financials


Results Releases and Webcasts


Financial Reports


Dividend Information


Depository Bank

2011 Bonus Issue - Cost Basis Information




Corporate Governance

AGM / EGM Information

Investor Relations Policy




Investor Calendar


Investor FAQs


Investor Relations Contacts


Email Alerts




Media Centre





Media Contacts


Media Releases and SGX Announcements


Speeches and Presentations


Newsletters

吉宝精典

Keppelite

HSE Matters




Brochures & Books




Sustainability





Managing Sustainability

Sustainability Framework

Stakeholder Engagement

Materiality Review

Awards and Accolades




Corporate Governance


Environment


Product Excellence


Safety and Health


Labour Practices & Human Rights


Community and Society


Feature Stories


Showcase


Reports




Contact Us












Media Contacts


Media Releases and SGX Announcements


Speeches and Presentations


Newsletters


吉宝精典


Keppelite


HSE Matters




Brochures & Books


		
 
          





Home
	
     
Media Centre
	
     
Media Releases and SGX Announcements
	
     
	
		Keppel Land increases stake in Saigon Centre in Ho Chi Minh City
	




19-March-2017Keppel Land increases stake in Saigon Centre in Ho Chi Minh City
 




Keppel Land Limited (Keppel Land), through its subsidiary, Krystal Investments Pte Ltd, has acquired from its Vietnamese partner, Southern Waterborne Transport Corporation, an additional 16% stake in Keppel Land WATCO I to V, the joint venture (JV) entities for Saigon Centre in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The consideration for the purchase is VND 845.9 billion (approximately S$53.5 million).
Following the acquisition, Keppel Land has increased its aggregate interest in the JV companies for Saigon Centre Phases One and Two (Keppel Land WATCO I, II and III) from approximately 45.3% to 53.5%, and its aggregate interest in the JV companies for subsequent phases of Saigon Centre (Keppel Land WATCO IV and V) from 68% to 76.2%.
Mr Ang Wee Gee, CEO, Keppel Land, said, "Keppel Land is committed to grow its commercial portfolio in key Asian cities. Vietnam, one of our key growth markets, continues to attract foreign direct investments which will drive positive demand in the property market from homes to offices and mixed-use developments. Our increased stake in Saigon Centre reflects Keppel Land's confidence and long-term commitment to contribute to sustainable urbanisation in Vietnam with our quality portfolio of properties."
To be developed in several phases, Saigon Centre is located on a two-hectare prime site in the heart of the central business district in District 1. It is also within walking distance to two planned underground subway stations located at the Ben Thanh Market and the Opera House.
The Saigon Centre retail mall, part of the Phase Two development, was opened on 1 August 2016, with Takashimaya Department Store as its anchor tenant. The retail mall has received close to six million visitors since its opening.
Phase Two of Saigon Centre, designed by the internationally renowned New York-based architect NBBJ, will comprise 55,000 sm of prime retail space, 44,000 sm of premium Grade A office space as well as 195 luxury serviced apartments when fully completed in end-2017.
Phase One of Saigon Centre, which was completed in 1996, comprises a 25-storey office tower which is 100% leased to the diplomatic corps, multinational companies, as well as banking and financial institutions. Tenants include DBS Bank, AIG, Reuters and Mitsubishi Corporation.
The abovementioned transaction is not expected to have any material impact on the earnings per share and net tangible asset per share of Keppel Corporation Limited for the current financial year.
- End -
About Keppel Land LimitedOne of Asia's premier property companies, Keppel Land, a subsidiary of Keppel Corporation Limited, is recognised for its sterling portfolio of award-winning residential developments and investment-grade commercial properties as well as high standards of corporate governance and transparency.
The Company is geographically diversified in Asia, with Singapore and China as its core markets as well as Indonesia and Vietnam as its growth markets.
In Vietnam, Keppel Land is one of the largest and pioneer foreign real estate investors with a diverse portfolio of properties in Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Dong Nai and Vung Tau including Grade A offices, residential properties, integrated townships and award-winning serviced apartments.
With 19 licensed projects across Vietnam and a pipeline of more than 25,000 homes, Keppel Land is establishing itself as the choice developer, distinguished by quality and innovative lifestyle concepts.
About Saigon CentreSaigon Centre is strategically located on Le Loi Boulevard, one of the city's main thoroughfares and within proximity to the Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC) People's Committee, Ben Thanh Market, Opera House, the Dong Khoi shopping belt and prominent hotels.
Developed in several phases, Phase One was completed in 1996 and comprises a three-storey retail podium, 11 floors of Grade A office space and 89 luxury serviced apartments. Phase One of Saigon Centre has established itself as the preferred business and residential address in HCMC.
Phase Two development will comprise 44,000 sm of premium Grade A office space, 55,000 sm retail area and 195 units of luxury serviced apartments when completed. Phase Two retail mall is 100% committed with over 400 international and local brands, including leading Japanese department store, Takashimaya, as the anchor tenant. With the diverse range of shopping, dining and leisure options, Saigon Centre is poised to be the shopping and lifestyle destination in HCMC.
 
 
For further information, please contact:




Media RelationsEileen TanDeputy ManagerGroup Corporate CommunicationsKeppel Corporation LimitedTel: (65) 6413 6430 / (65) 9770 2546Email: eileen.tan@kepcorp.com

Investor Relations Ivana ChuaAssistant General ManagerGroup Corporate CommunicationsKeppel Corporation LimitedTel: (65) 6413 6436Email: ivana.chua@kepcorp.com







 Subscribe to Email Alerts   
					 Printer-friendly version






Home  |  

		Sitemap
	
		  |  
	
		Data Protection Statement
	
		  |  
	
		Terms and Conditions of Use

Copyright © 2010 Keppel Corporation Limited. All rights reserved.



















Norfolk Southern Corporation (NSC): Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions - Nasdaq.com


















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Norfolk Southern Corporation (NSC): Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions


May 30, 2017, 08:41:00 AM EDT
By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com









































Shutterstock photo


 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Norfolk Southern Corporation NSC  . This is because this security in the Transportation - Rail space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company from a Zacks Industry Rank perspective.    This is important because, often times, a rising tide will lift all boats in an industry, as there can be broad trends taking place in a segment that are boosting securities across the board. This is arguably taking place in the Transportation - Rail space as it currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 30 out of more than 250 industries, suggesting it is well-positioned from this perspective, especially when compared to other segments out there.    Meanwhile, Norfolk Southern is actually looking pretty good on its own too. The firm has seen solid earnings estimate revision activity over the past month, suggesting analysts are becoming a bit more bullish on the firm's prospects in both the short and long term.    Norfolk Souther Corporation Price and     Consensus        Norfolk Souther Corporation Price and   Consensus    |      Norfolk Souther Corporation Quote  In fact, over the past month, current quarter estimates have risen from $1.60 per share to $1.62 per share, while current year estimates have risen from $6.24 per share to $6.31 per share. This has helped NSC to earn a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), further underscoring the company's solid position. You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here   .    So, if you are looking for a decent pick in a strong industry, consider Norfolk Southern. Not only is its industry currently in the top third, but it is seeing solid estimate revisions as of late, suggesting it could be a very interesting choice for investors seeking a name in this great industry segment.   More Stock News: 8 Companies Verge on Apple-Like Run    Did you miss Apple's 9X stock explosion after they launched their iPhone in 2007? Now 2017 looks to be a pivotal year to get in on another emerging technology expected to rock the market. Demand could soar from almost nothing to $42 billion by 2025. Reports suggest it could save 10 million lives per decade which could in turn save $200 billion in U.S. healthcare costs.    A bonus Zacks Special Report names this breakthrough and the 8 best stocks to exploit it. Like Apple in 2007, these companies are already strong and coiling for potential mega-gains.  Click to see them right now >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Norfolk Souther Corporation (NSC): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Earnings                           
                            
                                , Investing Ideas                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        NSC
                                    












More from Zacks.com



Subscribe

















Related Earnings Articles




Subscribe







KBR Stock Gains on Earnings Beat in Q2, Guidance Raised


						8/03/2017 09:20 AM
					



Kinross (KGC) Beats Earnings and Revenues Estimates in Q2


						8/03/2017 09:19 AM
					



Prudential Financial (PRU) Q2 Earnings Miss, Revenues Rise


						8/03/2017 09:17 AM
					














Contributor:Zacks.com
Equity Research



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Jacobs Engineering To Buy CH2M HILL For Enterprise Value Of About
Costco Wholesale Corporation Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend
Grayscale Investments, LLC Statement Regarding Bitcoin Investment
Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Is Heading Lower After Q2 Profit Disappoints
Western Digital Corp Bottom Line Rises 228% In Q4







U.S. Army Exercises Contract Option with Kraig Biocraft Laboratories...
Zynga Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results
Costco Wholesale Corporation Reports July Sales Results
Mexus releases information on current gold produced and the purchase...
Cannabix Technologies Develops Beta 3.0 Marijuana Breathalyzer and...




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





NSC








60%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX











































List of the largest M&A deals in 2016 2017 |  Corporate News, Latest Business























































Home




Corporate

 GE 



Investing

 Sustainable Agriculture 



Money




Property




Province




Tech




Travel




Leisure




Society




Sports




World News




Your Consultant

 Navigos Search 
 KPMG 
 LNT & Partners 
 Getting greener & cleaner 











 

 








            	August 03, 2017 21:38            
            

Advertisement
Contact us

















 






 



Corporate














Print

Email







 




18:10 | 20/07/2017

List of the largest M&A deals in 2016-2017


In 2016 and the first half of 2017, Vietnam has seen a series of multimillion dollar mergers and acquisitions (M&A) deals. 






A quick recap of the world of M&A before Vietnam M&A Forum 2017






RELATED CONTENTS:





Lagging M&A scene looking for a big push



Vietnam M&A Forum 2017 coming in August



Asiatic buyers seek quality in M&A



Here is the list of Vietnam’s top merger and acquisition deals (The List 50) announced at this morning press conference organised by VIR and AVM Vietnam.
Outstanding merger deals
1. TTC and Bien Hoa Sugar
Thanh Thanh Cong Tay Ninh Sugar JSC (TTCS) will make a share swap to fully acquire Bien Hoa Sugar Joint Stock Company (JSC) in order to become the biggest sugar producer in Vietnam.
TTCS will issue nearly 304 million shares to convert all outstanding shares of Bien Hoa Sugar at a ratio of 1:1.02.
The conversion ratio was calculated by a third-party company that valued the shares of TTCS and Bien Hoa Sugar at VND20,944 ($0.92) and VND21,356 ($0.94), respectively.
The deal will be carried out within 90 days (plus extensions if needed), starting from the day TTCS receives the permit from the State Securities Commission for the share issuance.
After the merger is completed, the chartered capital of TTCS will increase by VND3.04 trillion ($133.75 million), to VND5.57 trillion ($245.07 million). Besides, Bien Hoa Sugar will be renamed Thanh Thanh Cong Bien Hoa-Dong Nai Sugar Co., Ltd. to mark TTCS’s sole ownership.
Outstanding acquisition deals
1. Kido and Tuong An
On November 24 last year, foodstuff producer Kido Joint Stock Company (KDC) completed the purchase of a 65 per cent stake, equalling 12.34 million shares, in Tuong An Vegetable Oil JSC (TAC).
The official value of the deal has not been disclosed. However, in early November, KDC raised its offer, professing to its determination to buy TAC’s shares. Notably, KDC is willing to pay VND82,000 ($3.66) instead of the VND78,000 ($3.48) per share.
Thereby, the purchase value may reach VND1.01 trillion ($45.17 million).
2. Shinhan Vietnam and ANZ
In April 2017, ANZ Vietnam released plans to sell its retail banking arm to Shinhan Vietnam, a subsidiary of South Korean Shinhan Bank, by the end of 2017, to focus on its institutional banking activities in the country.
The agreement with Shinhan Bank Vietnam will include all eight branches and transaction offices located in Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City, and keep all retail staff in their position. The deal value has been undisclosed.
3. CJ vs. Minh Dat and Cau Tre
In April, Saigon Trading Group (SATRA), the biggest shareholder of Cau Tre Export Goods Processing JSC, announced the public auction of a 20 per cent stake in the company.
Two subsidiaries of South Korean conglomerate CJ, CJ Foods Vietnam Ltd. and CJ CheilJedang Corporation, spent $12.4 million to buy 47.3 per cent of Cau Tre’s stake and raised CJ’s total holding to 71 per cent. On May 21, the shareholders of Cau Tre ratified the decision to change the company’s name to CJ Cau Tre.
Besides, CJ CheilJedang spent $13.44 million to acquire a 64.9 per cent stake in Minh Dat Food, considered the biggest Vietnamese private meatball company with a revenue of VND270 billion in 2016. The deal was reportedly made in secret in late 2016 and was only wrapped up officially in May. The company has changed its name to Minh Dat CJ Food and it is recruiting workers for its new development stage.
4. Earth Chemical buys Ai My Gia
In late March, Japanese Earth Chemical Group released plans to spend more than $80 million to buy the entire stake in Ai My Gia JSC, a Vietnamese home cleaning and hygiene producer with famous brands like Gift, Ami, and Redfoxx. According to Reuters, the deal was completed on May 12.
5. SCG buys Vietnam Construction Materials JSC (VCM)
In March, SCG Cement-Building Materials Co., Ltd., a member of Siam Cement Group (SCG), spent $156 million on buying up the shares of VCM.
The Bangkok Post quoted a statement from SCG as saying that the enterprise value (EV) of this transaction was $440 million, including a net debt and additional investment to improve the efficiency of the acquired assets.
6. Aviva and Vietinbank
In April, British insurance firm Aviva acquired a 50 per cent stake in domestic insurance firm Vietinbank Aviva from Vietnam Joint Stock Commercial Bank for Industry and Trade (Vietinbank).
The deal made Vietinbank Aviva (or Aviva Vietnam) a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aviva PLC. The value of the deal has not been disclosed.
The deal will help Aviva simplify its operations in the region and develop its business activities via key distribution channels.
7. Daesang Corp. and Duc Viet
In September 2016, South Korean food-producing conglomerate Daesang Corp. completed the acquisition of a 99.99 per cent stake in Vietnamese meat processor and distributor Duc Viet Food Joint Stock Company for $32 million, fetching the Korean company a bridgehead in the Southeast Asian meat processing market.
The purpose of buying Duc Viet Food is to reinforce its food processing business in Vietnam, currently centred on frozen ham products.
Previously, the two parties failed to complete the purchase, which was rumoured to be finished by August 5, because Daesang had yet to finish all necessary documents for the acquisition.
8. VIB and Commonwealth Vietnam
Early this month, Commonwealth Bank of Australia received the State Bank of Vietnam’s approval to sell its Ho Chi Minh City branch to local commercial lender Vietnam International Bank (VIB). Accordingly, VIB will acquire all the assets and liabilities of the foreign bank’s branch.
However, financial details were not disclosed.
Han Ngoc Vu, CEO of VIB, told DealStreetAsia that the transition process “will take several months.”
The Aussie bank earlier invested in VIB in 2009 and 2010 as a strategic partner and maintains a 20 per cent ownership. Its local branch was set up in 2008.
9. TTC Group and Hoang Anh Gia Lai Sugar
Bien Hoa Sugar Joint Stock Company and Tay Ninh Sugar Joint Stock Company, two subsidiaries of TTC Group, will take over the sugar operations of Hoang Anh Gia Lai in a bid to make TTC Group the biggest sugar producer in Vietnam in terms of output.
Accordingly, BHS is going to buy 60 per cent of HAGL Sugar from Hoang Anh Gia Lai Agricultural Joint Stock Company (HoSE: HNG). The long-term financial investment contract has a value of VND798 billion ($35.1 million) and will be carried out by the end of 2017.
TTC Tay Ninh Sugar will buy 40 per cent of HAGL Sugar from HNG and an individual shareholder. Though the investment has only been announced, HNG already assigned management positions and the right to operate the sugar factory, the sugar cane farm, and related assets to SBT.
Outstanding real estate project transfers
1. CapitaLand and Thien Duc Trading-Construction Company
In February, CapitaLand released news that its subsidiary CLV Investment 5 bought 20 per cent stake in Thien Duc Trading Construction Co., Ltd. for $17.9 million, raising CLV Investment 5’s ownership in Thien Duc to 50 per cent.
Besides, as of September 23, 2016, CapitaLand spent $51.9 million to acquire 100 per cent of Twin Peaks Developments Limited and 75 per cent of River View Company Limited.
2. An Gia, Creed, and Van Phat Hung
In March, An Gia Investment and Creed Group from Japan announced they had completed the acquisition of seven blocks of the Lacasa complex in Ho Chi Minh City’s District 7 from Van Phat Hung Group.
An Gia Investment bought two blocks in March 2015, and then, in collaboration with Creed Group, it continued acquiring the remaining five blocks in the second phase. The deal’s value was $40 million.
This is the sixth mergers and acquisitions (M&A) deal that An Gia has concluded in recent years.
3. Keppel Land and Southern Waterborne Transport Corp
Keppel Land—a leading Singaporean real estate developers—said on March 20 that it had spent $37 million on acquiring a 16 per cent stake in the group WATCO I to V, Keppel Land’s joint venture (JV) entities set up to develop Saigon Centre in Ho Chi Minh City, from partner Southern Waterborne Transport Corporation.
4. EXS Capital Ltd., ACA Investment, and SonKim Land
In May, SonKim Land Corporation, a leading Vietnamese real estate developer, and EXS Capital Ltd., an independent alternative investment group in Asia, announced the successful closure of their first round—$46 million out of an expected $100 million—of follow-up fundraising for SonKim Land.
This is the second investment led by EXS Capital in SonKim Land through the Lemongrass Master Fund, after a successful initial investment of $37 million in 2013.
For the follow-up investment, SonKim Land and EXS Capital are also partnering with ACA Investments, a leading Japanese fund management firm based in Singapore with a strong track record of investments across the Asia-Pacific.
Outstanding private equity and investment
1. Fraser & Neave Ltd. and Vinamilk
In December 2016, F&N Beverages Manufacturing Sdn., Bhd. and F&N Dairy Investments Pte., Ltd., the two wholly-owned subsidiaries of Fraser & Neave Ltd. (F&N), have completed the purchase of a total of 78.38 million shares, equalling a 5.4 per cent stake, in Vietnam Dairy Products Joint Stock Company (Vinamilk).
Accordingly, the two companies spent VND11.3 trillion ($499.56 million) on buying the registered share volume at the initial offering share price of VND144,000 ($6.33).
According to the latest news, F&N Dairy Investments Pte., Ltd. has expressed interest in increasing its stakes in Vinamilk via registering to buy an additional 14.5 million shares.
2. KKR and Masan Group
Masan Group Corporation (HOSE: MSN), announced on April 21 that leading global investment firm KKR has completed its $250-million investment in Masan Group and in its branded meat platform Masan Nutri-Science.
KKR’s investment is comprised of a $100-million purchase of secondary shares in Masan Group from PENM Partners, an independent Danish private equity company, and a $150-million primary investment in Masan Nutri-Science for a 7.5 per cent stake.
This is KKR’s second investment in Masan, after a $359 million invested in Masan Consumer. KKR will make the investment from its Asian Fund II.
3. Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance (SFMI) and PJICO
Petrolimex Insurance Joint Stock Company (PJICO), coded PGI on the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange, will sell 20 per cent of its chartered capital to Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance.
The company will offer 17.74 million shares to Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance Co., Ltd., a leading non-insurance company from South Korea.
The company planned to issue the shares this year after the Ministry of Finance approves in principle to change PJICO’s chartered capital and the State Securities Commission also approves the transaction.
4. ACA Investments and Bibo Mart
In May, Bibo Mart JSC officially announced the investment from ACA Investments, Japan’s leading fund management company and an affiliate of Sumitomo Corporation.
With this investment, ACA Investments acquired 20 per cent of Bibo Mart’s stakes.
5. Sumitomo Bank and BIDV Financial Leasing Company
In February, a final agreement to expand a joint leasing business in Vietnam between the two parties has been reached by way of Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Bank, a subsidiary of Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, investing 49 per cent of the total equity of BIDV Financial Leasing Company (BLC), a subsidiary of BIDV, Vietnam’s biggest lender in terms of assets. The deal’s value reached $19.2 million.
6. UOB, ORIX Group, and Bitexco Power
In September 2016, UOB Venture Management Pte., Ltd. (UOBVM), a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Overseas Bank Limited, and financial company ORIX Corporation (ORIX), announced that they will each invest $25 million in one of Vietnam’s largest privately-owned hydropower companies, Bitexco Power.
7. Standard Chartered PE and N Kid
Standard Chartered Private Equity (SCPE), the private equity arm of Standard Chartered Bank, has poured $40 million into acquiring a 20 per cent stake in N Kid Corporation (N Kid), a Vietnamese lifestyle platform for kids and teenagers.
Enterprises with Best M&A Strategy
SCG, Kido Group, and CJ Group
Enterprises with Best M&A Information Publication
Vietjet, Kido Food, Vinamilk, Masan, SonKim Land, Aviva, and Commonwealth Bank. Almost all information about their deals have been published in a transparent and accurate manner.
Outstanding consulting companies 
Viet Capital Securities JSC, Baker McKenzie, Vilaf, Allens, Bao Viet Securities Corporation, VP Bank Securities Company (VPBS), RongViet Securities Corporation, and Saigon-Hanoi Securities Corporation (SHS).
 
   By Kim Oanh 











        Latest News
    



Singaporean group wants to build high-class hospital in Binh Dinh (10:35 | 01/08/2017)
            

PM directs private sector to contribute 50-60 per cent to GDP (13:00 | 31/07/2017)
            

Financial literacy in reach for more with GoBear’s loan search engine (12:56 | 31/07/2017)
            

Breakthrough in cardiac CT at Friendship Hospital (08:33 | 31/07/2017)
            

Shell shutters Europe's largest refinery after fire (08:00 | 31/07/2017)
            

Second Vietnam Private Sector Forum to take place tomorrow (08:00 | 30/07/2017)
            

Imexpharm terminates distribution contract with IMGSA Group (18:24 | 29/07/2017)
            

Samsung to heat up Vietnamese logistics market (18:20 | 29/07/2017)
            

Templeton Frontier Markets Fund cuts ownership rate in DHG (11:24 | 29/07/2017)
            

Hotel sector counters competition from new accommodation services (09:04 | 29/07/2017)
            





        Latest News
    



Vietnam-made luxury handbags enter US market (19:17 | 27/01/2012)
            

VN leading fertilizer producer to expand agri-business in Cambodia (13:54 | 23/04/2011)
            

JW Marriott: dragon rising over Hanoi’s hospitality scene (09:16 | 14/07/2015)
            

Air Mekong looking to avoid turbulence (06:06 | 27/09/2010)
            

TNK-BP grabs troubled BP’s assets (20:23 | 24/10/2010)
            

EVN Telecom steps up (15:44 | 30/09/2010)
            

Garment exhibition a good fit (17:56 | 19/10/2010)
            

Ho Tram Strip is on track to turn heads (09:13 | 19/12/2011)
            





        More News
    



SCG announces operating results for second quarter and first half (16:56 | 03/08/2017)
            

Small home appliance manufacturers struggle to gain domestic market share (15:32 | 03/08/2017)
            

I didn't make decisions, Samsung heir tells corruption trial (14:00 | 03/08/2017)
            

Japanese gas supplier expands operations in Vietnam (11:54 | 03/08/2017)
            

Vietnam's biggest drug maker DHG to scrap FOL in early 2018 (11:32 | 03/08/2017)
            

Qatar Airways drops plan to buy stake in American Airlines (11:00 | 03/08/2017)
            

Dairy firms to set own retail prices (08:57 | 03/08/2017)
            

SOE restructuring must be more efficient: experts (15:26 | 02/08/2017)
            

Online sellers on Facebook asked to declare income (09:01 | 02/08/2017)
            

Transport firms move online (15:32 | 01/08/2017)
            





        More
        
























 




Most ViewedMost Recommended




Go somewhere you’ve never been before






When we talk of summer, few destinations pop up in mind.  And that’s exactly the problem with these famous destinations.  You are bound to run into a crowd.
















Cooking oil products fry local competitors

	Regional cooking oil products are overwhelming the domestic market due to competitive pricing and import duty exemptions.











Walmart targets Vietnam as fruitful product source

	The US-backed Walmart, one of the world’s biggest retail groups, is boosting its purchase of Vietnamese goods.











HSBC opens in Vung Tau
HSBC Vietnam further strengthened its national network by opening a representative office in Vung Tau City.











MobiFone and VinaPhone set for a merger
Two Vietnamese giant mobile service providers, MobiFone and VinaPhone, will merge to strengthen their operations, one official said.











Fortis steps further in Hoan My’s operations
Fortis Healthcare International and Vietnamese partner Fortis Hoan My Medical Corp. last week launched a doctor exchange programme in Vietnam.








 





 





 





 














Home


Corporate


Investing


Money


Property


Province


Tech


Travel


Leisure


Society


Sports


World News


Your Consultant












Advertisement
About us
Contact us




VIR networks:

Đầu tư
Đầu tư CK
Time Out

Vietnam Investment Review under the Ministry of Planning and Investment

Editor-in-Chief: Le Trong Minh
Deputy Editors-in-Chief: Bui Duc Hai, Nguyen Van Hong and Nguyen Quoc Viet
Licence No. 87/GP-BTTTT
International reg: Registered as a newspaper at the Post Office, London, Serial No. SLOOINP; ISSN No. 1021-318X


                        Hanoi: 47 Quan Thanh St - Tel: (84-4) 3845 0537 , 
                        Fax: (84-4) 3845 7937; 
                        E-mail: vironline@vir.com.vn





Copyright © 2013 Vietnam Investment Review
Based on MasterCMS 2013 Ultimate edition Ver 2.4






















Surface Transportation Board Home Page


Skip navigation.

 
 


  









Search STB:



 



 
 

 








Most Recent Board Actions


Quick Links:






•
STB Reauthorization 


•
Rail Service Data 


•
Rate Reasonableness Methodology Study 


•
STB Internal Rate-Case Processing 


•
Railroad Map 
            Depot 


•
Litigation Alternatives


•
Filings


•
Decisions


•
Environmental


•
Economic Data


•
Recordations 











Need Help?

            Have a question? We are here to help. Contact our Rail Customer Public Assistance (RCPA)..


 

Resources:


•
Board Members 


•
Frequent Questions


•
Rail Consumer Assistance


•
Contact Us 


•
STB Overview 


•
FOIA


•
Help






 Information Center:


--------------------------------------

Webcast
  --------------------------------------
Live Video
Hearings/Meetings Archives

--------------------------------------STB News
--------------------------------------  
Your browser does not support inner frames




Connect 
      with us
 
 





 
Items of Interest 




STB Updates Its Filing Fees to Reflect 2017 Cost Levels

               As required by regulation to update its user fees at least once per year, the Surface Transportation Board has announced its latest update of fees the public must pay to file certain cases and pleadings with the Board.  In this update, 83 fees will be increased, while 50 fees will be maintained at current levels.  To learn more, click here.



STB Status Update on Processed 2015 Waybill Sample

               The Surface Transportation Board expects to receive the processed 2015 Waybill Sample within two weeks from Railinc Corp., the Federal Railroad Administration contractor that processes the waybill.  Upon receipt, the Board will commence audit and quality assurance work, and expects to release the 2015 Public Use Waybill Sample in September.  The 2011-2015 productivity adjustment and all STB work products reliant on 2015 Waybill Sample mileage calculations will follow as quickly as possible.  We will update this site as soon as we receive the data from Railinc.



Reminder: STB July 25 Regulatory Reform Task Force Informal Listening Session

On July 25, 2017, at 10 a.m., the Board’s Regulatory Reform Task Force will hold an informal listening session to hear stakeholders’ views on streamlining the agency’s regulations.  Participants who wish to speak are encouraged to arrive at least 15 minutes early to sign in.  Speakers are requested to limit their remarks to no more than 10 minutes.  Although the Task Force may ask clarifying questions, the primary purpose of the session is for the Task Force to hear directly from stakeholders.  Apart from on-site sign in for speakers, advance registration is not required.  Please note that the listening session will not be set up for audio-visual presentations.  Questions should be directed to the Rail Customer and Public Assistance office at 202-245-0238.



STB Posts Surface Transportation Board Reauthorization Act Quarterly Reports.

               The Board has posted its 2nd quarter 2017 reports in accordance with the Surface Transportation Board Reauthorization Act of 2015 (P.L. 114-110).  To read the reports, click here.



STB Posts 1st Quarter 2017 Employee, Service, & Compensation Data for Class I Railroads and Amtrak

               The STB has posted first-quarter 2017 employment, service and compensation data for each of the Class I railroads and Amtrak here.  The data show each railroad’s number of employees, service hours and compensation, by employee group.  Please note that the STB does not verify this data.



STB Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Request Posted

               The Surface Transportation Board has posted the electronic version of its Fiscal Year 2018 budget request to the U.S. Congress.  To read the budget request, click here.



Cultural Resources Identification Report Issued in “Harsimus Branch” Abandonment Proceeding

               On May 5, 2017, the Surface Transportation Board’s Office of Environmental Analysis (OEA) issued a Cultural Resources Identification Report for public review and comment in the pending rail-line abandonment proceeding, Consolidated Rail Corporation—Abandonment Exemption—in Hudson County, N.J., Docket No. AB 167 (Sub-No. 1189X), in which Conrail seeks to abandon the Harsimus Branch, a 1.36-mi. rail line in Jersey City, N.J.  Prepared pursuant to Section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act, the report identifies historic properties in the project area that are listed in or eligible for listing in the National Register of Historic Places.  Comments are due June 19, 2017.  To view the report, click here



Great Lakes Basin Transportation, Inc. Applies for Authority to Construct and Operate a New Railroad Line

               On May 1, 2017, Great Lakes Basin Transportation, Inc., filed a formal application with the STB to construct and operate a new railroad line in Wisconsin, Illinois, and Indiana in STB Finance Docket No. 35952.  On June 2, the STB issued a preliminary decision about the application.  For more information about the application and STB procedures, click here



STB makes public its FY 2016 Annual Report to Congress

               On March 23, 2017, the Surface Transportation Board made public its Annual Report to Congress covering the Board’s activities in federal Fiscal Year 2016 (October 1, 2015 through September 30, 2016).  To read the Report, click here



Updated Excel Spreadsheet Available for Railroad Performance Data Reporting

              On November 30, 2016, the Surface Transportation Board adopted a final rule in U.S. Rail Service Issues-Performance Data Reporting, Docket EP 724 (Sub-No. 4) that requires all Class I railroads, and the Chicago Transportation Coordination Office (CTCO), through its Class I members, to report certain service performance metrics on a weekly, semiannual, and occasional basis.  On March 13, 2017, the Board issued a technical modification to the final rule, which adds an additional STCC code to the definition of fertilizer.  Pursuant to the final rule, weekly reporting of service metrics is to be made via an Excel spreadsheet provided by the Office of Public Assistance, Governmental Affairs and Compliance. The spreadsheet is available here.   Any questions about the spreadsheet should be directed to Michael H. Higgins, Deputy Director at (202) 245-0284.



STB adopts final rules revising its regulations in accordance with FOIA Improvement ACT of 2016

               In a decision issued on December 15, 2016, the Surface Transportation Board adopted final rules revising its regulations governing Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests in response to the FOIA Improvement Act of 2016 (FOIA Improvement Act).  Pursuant to the FOIA Improvement Act, the final rules extend the deadline for administrative appeals, make available alternative dispute resolution services, and modify the way that fees apply to FOIA requests.  The final rules are effective January 14, 2017.  To learn more about the STB's final rules, click here.



NEPA Review Moves Ahead in New England Transrail Case in Wilmington and Woburn, Mass; STB Seeks Public Comment

               The Surface Transportation Board issued a Notice of Intent to Prepare an Environmental Impact Statement related to New England Transrail, LLC’s request for authority to construct, acquire and operate railroad lines in Wilmington and Woburn, Mass.  The Notice requests public comment on the Draft Scope of Study for the project, and advises interested parties that the agency
			   will hold a public scoping meeting, where members of the public will be invited to comment on the Draft Scope of Study.  To view the Notice and request for comment, click here.



STB Issues Supplemental NPRM on Proposed Changes to URCS

                Based on public comments received in Review of the General Purpose Costing System, EP 431 (Sub-No. 4), the STB is revising its proposal to eliminate the “make-whole adjustment” that is currently applied as part of the agency’s general purpose costing system, the Uniform Railroad Costing System (URCS), and proposing other, related modifications to URCS.
              Stakeholders are invited to comment on the proposed changes. The STB will also hold a public technical conference on the proposed changes on Sept. 7, 2016. To read the STB’s decisions, click here and here.              



Proceeding Reopened: CSX Elsdon Line
              The STB reopened Docket FD 35522 to address concerns raised by Chicago communities along the CSX Elsdon Line. CSX was instructed to comply with its representation that it would not route a train onto the line unless the track was clear, or to show cause why it could not do so. Also, the STB required CSX to submit monthly reports, providing information about at-grade crossings, blocked crossings, and the status of operating protocols with third-party railroads. To read the STB’s decision, click here.  



Railroad Carload and Tonnage Data, by State
                The Surface Transportation Board’s Office of Economics has made public a report providing annual carload and corresponding tonnage data for freight-rail transportation either originating, terminating, or traversing each state of the United States, as derived from the Board’s Confidential Waybill Sample, from 2012 through 2014. Annual data on states in which there are minimal freight-rail operations or few rail shippers have been redacted for confidentiality. To view the new report, click here. 



Got a Complaint?
                Need help from the Board without filing a formal complaint? The Rail Customer and Public Assistance team offers a free, confidential avenue to settle disputes between shippers and railroads. Read more about the program here.


 
Click here to view previous Items of Interest.






















        395 E Street, SW, Washington DC 20423 | (202) 245-0245 | TTY (800) 877-8339






No Fear Act 
USA.gov
Privacy
Policies & Notices 
. .















Industrial Coatings | Adhesives, Wasterbased and UV

































 








                              Data & SDS Sheets Available at:
                Client Login











 



 
Welcome to the new and improved Coatings & Adhesives.
Client Registration



 
The Market Leader of Coatings and Adhesives to the Graphic Arts Industry.
Learn More



 
A 100,000 Square Foot Manufacturing and Laboratory Complex Dedicated to Developing New Products.
View Waterbased Products



 
State of the Art Instrumentation
View Product Tools







Water Based CoatingsA fast drying and environmentally friendly option for commercial printing projects.
View Applications
UV & EB CoatingsInstant curing and premium resistance properties, perfect for print formats.
View Applications
Adhesive ProductsPerformance driven products that focus on protecting what’s inside.
View Products
Polymer ProductsA fully integrated producer of polymers for multiple markets, including new and specialty applications.
View Products
Digital CoatingCoatings and Adhesives supplies a wide variety of waterbased and UV coatings to work successfully over a wide variety of digital printing applications.
View Services
 
Our Story
Since its inception in 1987, Coatings and Adhesives Corporation has been at the forefront of emerging technology in the rapidly expanding waterbased coatings market, growing to become one of the largest firms of its type in North America.
The C&A product line has a documented history of performance, consistency, and economics coupled with a nationwide network of direct service personnel.





Coating CalculatorsFormulate an accurate estimate for your waterbased and UV/EB coating usage or custom formulate products specifically tailored to your application with our industry standard coating calculators.
Use Calculators
Nationwide Sales SupportWe have a nationwide network of direct service personnel ready 24/7 to answer your coating questions. Locate a representative in your state now and discover why we’re the industry’s leading firm.
Find a Service Rep
 






© 2017. Coatings & Adhesives Corp. All Rights Reserved.
Website Design and Hosting provided by Sage Island














The Only No.1 Global Supplier – Olin Epoxy









































































 





Search for:








 

 
 
 













Connected Globally. Delivered Locally.
Olin added Dow’s Epoxy business to its own in 2015, making Olin Epoxy the No. 1 global supplier of epoxy materials. Backed by more than 60 years of continuing innovation, we offer highly-advanced epoxy technology and industry leading customer support worldwide. 
 
 
 
 
 







We are the No. 1 Go-To

We proudly serve a diverse array of industries and applications including, but certainly not limited to, Wind Energy, Electronics, Transportation, Consumer Goods, Civil Engineering and Infrastructure. As one of the most vertically integrated epoxy suppliers, we are the go-to source of service and supply around the world.
 
 
 
 







Only Olin Offers Local Know-How Backed by Global Resources

As the No.1 global source for epoxy products and support, our customer focus has never been greater. Only Olin’s back integration and extensive supply chain capabilities provide global reach with a reliability advantage for our customers.
Our global footprint enables our commitment to provide you with innovative epoxy technology and excellent customer service on a greater scale. With a dedicated team of Research & Development and Technical Service professionals with innovation centers in the United States, Germany and China, Only Olin can provide the high-value epoxy services you need, virtually anywhere in the world.
View our Locations
 
 
 
 







The Olin Catalyst

Olin Corporation began in 1892. Following many decades of success, Olin added Mathieson Chemical Corporation into the mix, increasing Olin’s product offering. Over time, the new Olin has grown and expanded to encompass several complementary business units, among them – the Dow chlorine derivatives business now known as Olin Epoxy, Olin Chlor Alkali Products and Vinyls, Olin Chlorinated Organics, and POLYCARB. Collectively, Olin employs 6,300 employees in more than 20 countries with customers in nearly 100 countries across the globe.
 
 
 
 

 
 
 


 










For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.

 
 
 




























 
 
 



Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Southern Waterborne Trans



















































			Currency : $
		


$







contact
sitemap
















ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789

 








Categories



A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9













>
S>Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Southern Waterborne Trans
			











Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Southern Waterborne Trans

This SWOT Analysis of Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp provides a full SWOT analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile shows a comprehensive view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats.
More details












Reference: 
SWT10101454



Quantity:




				This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product.
			


Availability:







Warning: Last items in stock!



























Share on Facebook


	Remove this product from my favorites


	Add this product to my favorites
 Print












Data sheet









Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp SWOT Analysis OverviewCategories: industry research, strategic management, financial report, company reportTag: business description, major products and services, key employees, company historyDescription: Higher competition might be possible.This SWOT Analysis of Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp provides a strategic report of businesses and operations of the company. The SWOT analysis shows strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. This SWOT analysis of Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp can provide a competitive advantage.This analysis contains 396 data points.Last update: July 2017.SWOT - Strengths-monetary assistance provided-high growth rate-existing distribution and sales networks-experienced business units SWOT - Weaknesses-future profitability-future cost structure SWOT - Opportunities-income level is at a constant increase SWOT - Threats-financial capacity-government regulations-increasing costs-tax changes Business TrendsProfitabilityOutlookMarketThe industry shows a growth rate of about 3%.Industry specific SWOT analysis (Relevance/Importance)What happens in the underlying industry? Factors and trends affecting the overall industry and their implications for this business:Strengths-The industry shows a strong relationship with suppliers and partners. (27%, 37%)-The industry is more robust than the economy in general. (36%, 34%)-The industry has unique products. (46%, 36%) Weaknesses-We see long adjustment periods in this industry. (10%, 47%) Opportunities-The market changes fast. (39%, 22%)-The industry shows a positive trend. (21%, 49%)-New market trends can be seen. (49%, 57%) Threats-Technological changes are affecting the industry. (48%, 56%) A SWOT Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the history of the company, corporate strategy, business and financial structure, management and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis on products and services, key competitors, as well as detailed financial information.Data on this page may have come in part, or entirely, from one or more data providers. Please contact us for further information. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions on this page. This website is for information purposes only. This is a sample report.Comparable companies and industriesSee a list of comparable companies or industries depending on the similarity of SWOT elements. We use weighted SWOT factors and a clustering technique to identify similar objects.KINDEN CORPORATION SWOT Analysis3M Poland SWOT AnalysisNitto FC SWOT AnalysisSalim Ivomas Pratama SWOT AnalysisYusei Holdings Ltd SWOT Analysis







Top 5 SWOT Analysis Search AppleMicrosoftFacebookChina MobileYahoo Compliance Compliance is necessary to make sure that any business or action conducted by a company is within legal parameters. The compliance unit develops, initiates, maintains, and revises policies and procedures for the general operation of the compliance program and its related activities to prevent illegal, unethical, or improper conduct. Financial and strategic SWOT analysis A financial and strategic SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, financial data, business structure, business divisions and key operations. Each report contains a detailed SWOT analysis with additional information on the key competitors, market structure, major products, brands and services, as well as detailed financial data for the last 5 years. Due Diligence Due diligence is the process of systematically researching and verifying the accuracy of a financial statement, business or investment. SWOT Analysis – Advantages and Limitations Over the past decade, SWOT analysis has been extended beyond companies to products, organizations, countries and industries. Each professional business plan contains a SWOT analysis. What are the benefits and limitations? Advantages  You can use a SWOT analysis to summarize a complex situation. It is easy to understand and has little or no cost. Quantitative and qualitative information from different sources can be combined. Focus on the key internal and external factors affecting the organization. It is easy to perform and understand. It can be used fast.    Limitations  There is no weight or prioritization of factors. A SWOT analysis contains of a list of factors without further descriptions or links between factors. The analysis does not provide any solutions. It is only a description. 







 Free information
 Worldwide Coverage
 Free Listings
 Free Access
 Easy and Secure





Categories




A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9









Information

Specials New products
Top sellers Contact us
Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions of use
About us
Sitemap





My account


My orders
My credit slips
My addresses
My personal info


				My favorite products
	


Sign out




Follow us

Facebook Twitter 





This site uses cookies so that we can improve your experience on our sites. You can read about cookie privacy policy by clicking on this link: Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2017 Weiner Consulting. All Rights Reserved. The content of this website is for informational purposes only.
Advisor4u | 
Advisor4u Jobmarket |
Advisor4u Companies |
Advisorgate Industries |
Businessplaninternational | 
Businessplaninternational Digital 
Businessplaninternational SWOT |
Businessplaninternational Datacenter |
Businessplaninternational Freelance | 
Businessplaninternational Marketplace | 
Businessplangate 
Businessplangate Companies |
Livingplace4u College |
Livingplace4u Jobs | 
Propertyplace4u |
Productplace4u |
Advisorgate |
Advisorgate Reports 
Advisorgate BPlans |
Advisorgate Financials |
Advisorgate Competition |
SWOTAnalysis24 |
SWOTData |
Advisorgate SWOT
















SOTRANS in Vietnam
































Home|Contact|Sitemap|

Vietnam





 



















About us


Services


News


Gadgets


Shareholder


Recruitment


Track & Trace


Customers


Download

























ABOUT US
OverviewVisionMissionBusiness philosophy - 4CAbout SOTRANSAbout usMilestoneCultural valueOrganizational structureLocation mapAwardsSOTRANS in globalSOTRANS in VietnamSOTRANS in globalSubsidiariesVietranstimexSowatcoSome figuresSome figuresGrowth graph 














Home  About us  SOTRANS in global  




    	
        
		        
					SOTRANS in Vietnam			





 
 




 




SOUTH LOGISTICS JOINT STOCK COMPANY (SOTRANS)
Address: 1B Hoang Dieu, Dist.4, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.Tel: (84.28) 3825 3009Fax: (84.28) 3826  6593Email:
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 Website: www.sotrans.com.vn
 



 



 
INTERNATIONAL FREIGHT FORWARDER DIVISION:
Add: 1B Hoang  Dieu St., Dist.4, HCMC, Vietnam
Tel:  (84.28) 3940 0447 - Fax: (84.28) 3940 0122
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
Airport Office
Add: Tien Phong Building, 24 Truong Son St., 
Ward 2, Tan Binh Dist., Ho Chi Minh City,   Vietnam.
Tel: (84.28) 3547 0853  - Fax: (84.28) 3547 0852
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 

LOGISTICS DIVISION:
Add: 1B Hoang Dieu St., Dist. 4, Ho Chi Minh City, 
Vietnam
Tel: (84.28) 3826 9727 - Fax: (84.28) 3940 2566
 
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 

WAREHOUSE DIVISION:
Add: 1B Hoang Dieu St., Dist. 4, Ho Chi Minh City, 
Vietnam
Tel: (84.28) 3826 9729 - Fax: (84.28) 3940 2566
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
Thu Duc Office
Add: Km 07 -  09, Hanoi Highway, Thu Duc Dist., 
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.28) 3896 0967  - Fax: (84.28)  3896 0360
 
PORT DIVISION:
Add: Km 9, Ha Noi highway, Thu Duc Dist., Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. (Location map)
Tel: (84.28) 3731 0033 - Fax: (84.28) 3728 3324
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
 
HANOI: SOTRANS Ha Noi Branch
Add: 142 Doi Can St., Dong Da Dist., Hanoi, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.24) 3732 1118 - Fax: (84.24) 3732 1119
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
HAI PHONG: SOTRANS Hai Phong Office
Add: 58 Tran Hung Dao Str. Hai An Dist., Hai Phong City, VietNam.
Tel: (84.225) 355 5519 - Fax: (84.225) 355 5519 
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
 
QUANG NINH: SOTRANS Quang Ninh Office
Add: 28 Hoa Lac St., Hoa Lac Ward, Mong Cai, Quang Ninh Province, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.28) 3826 9727  - Fax: (84.28) 3940 2566
 
 
HA TINH: SOTRANS Ha Tinh
  
Add: Do Go, Ky Thinh ward, Ky Anh town, Ha Tinh province, Viet Nam.
Tel: (84.239) 386 4658 - Fax: (84.239) 386 4859
Email: 
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
 
DA NANG: SOTRANS Da Nang Office 
Add: Floor 4th, Vietranstimex Building, 80 - 82 Bach Dang St., Hai Chau Dist., Da Nang City, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.236) 384 0929 - Fax: (84.236) 389 9919

BINH DUONG: SOTRANS Binh Duong  Office
Add: 08 Ngo Gia Tu St., Chanh Nghia Ward, Thu Dau Mot, Binh Duong Province, Vietnam. 
Tel: (84.274) 383 4024 - Fax: (84.274) 383 4124 
 

BEN TRE:  SOTRANS Ben Tre Office 
Add: Tan Thach, Chau Thanh Dist., Ben Tre Province, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.275) 3611 333
 
CAN THO: SOTRANS Can Tho Office
Add: 27 Le  Hong Phong St., Tra Noc, Binh Thuy Dist., Can Tho City, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.292) 384 4453 - Fax: (84.292) 384 445
 
SUBSIDIARIES:
Southern Waterborne Transport Corporation (SOWATCO)
 Add: 298 Huynh Tan Phat St., Tan Thuan Tay Ward, Dist. 7, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.28) 3872 9748 - Fax: (84.28) 3872 6386
Email:   
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
Vietranstimex Multi Modal Transport Holding Company
 Add: No. 80 - 82 Bach Dang Street, Hai Chau District, Da Nang City, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.236) 3840 399 - Fax: (84.236) 3822 478
Email: 
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
  
 
3840929 


 














Home|Contact|Sitemap


       
        © 2010 - 2015 Copyright by SOTRANS. All rights reserved.     










Waterborne Systems That Perform – Olin Epoxy









































































 





Search for:








 

 
 
 













Waterborne Systems
Our line of Waterborne Epoxy Resins and Waterborne Curing Agents offers the reliability, protection and performance you need, backed by the local customer support Only Olin can provide, virtually anywhere in the world.
 
 
 
 
 









Waterborne Systems



View Products



Product Name & Description
Type



EEW Based on solids (g/eq) 



AHEW Based on solids (g/eg)



Viscosity @25°C (mPa.s)



Solids Content (wt%)



Regional Availability



APAC - Asia, Pacific
EMEAI - Europe, Middle East, Africa, India
LAA - Latin America Area
NAA - North America Area











D.E.H.™ 800

Polyamine adduct hardener DISSOLVED in water (storage/shear stable). Alkali-resistant so useful for ECC. Visible end of pot-life. In combination with solid epoxy emulsion suitable for corrosion protection on steel. Can be used on fresh concrete (immediately after being laid).


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
150
 5,000 – 1,0000
50
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.H.™ 802

Aqueous polyamine adduct solution with emulsification capability. Offers optimized  rheology in roller & brush applications.


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
150
3,000 – 7,000
50
NAA



D.E.H.™ 804

Aqueous polyamine adduct solution with emulsification capability. Offers visible end of pot life, fast drying, low odor. Suitable for thick layer self leveling applications.


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
123
 5,000 – 11,000
70
EMEAI, NAA



D.E.H.™ 805

Standard for Coating on Concrete. Not compatible with Zink Phosphates. Calcium phosphates could be used but more expensive. Visible end of pot-life. D.E.H. 805 allows to develop roller coat formulations with a matte, satin or high gloss finish.


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
143
 1,0000 – 18,500
65
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.H.™ 806

Polyamine-adduct designed for best corrosion protection. Can handle anti-corrosion pigments. Avoid dispersion shear of >40°C. No visible end of pot-life.


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
160
 9,500 – 15,500
80
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.H.™ 810

Designed for best corrosion protection. Not compatible with  anti-corrosion pigments (zinc-phosphates). Best for clear coatings with solid epoxy dispersions. Show excellent adhesion to diamonds (Closest we have to Waterpoxy 751).


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
150
 2,000 – 4,000
50
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.H.™ 813

Designed for faster curing corrosion protection, i.e. faster version of 7006. Can handle zinc phosphate (anti-corrosion pigments). NO visible end of pot life with solid epoxy resin dispersions. Should not be used in too thick layer > 300 mu otherwise “mud-cracking” can occur. Can be dust-free in 30 minutes (when formulated)


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
140
 5,000 – 1,0000
70
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.H.™ 820

Waterborne amine-adduct curing agent without free amine. Suitable for use in applications requiring German potable water contact certification.


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
293
 16,000 – 18,000
70
EMEAI



D.E.R.™ 900

Liquid epoxy emulsion designed for use in waterborne 2-pack coating systems. Is also used as cross-linking agent for other aqueous (acrylic-) systems


Emulsions and Dispersions
193 – 204
–
 NA
64
APAC



D.E.R.™ 913

Liquid epoxy resin emulsion with improved reactivity, designed for 2 component coating systems.


Emulsions and Dispersions
167 – 193
–
 100 – 400
67
EMEAI, LAA, NAA



D.E.R.™ 915

Dispersion of a 1-type solid epoxy resin, similar to D.E.R. 671 epoxy resin, in water with very low average particle size and narrow distribution. Absolute VOC-free for medium-high anti-corrosion paints. Also suitable for fast drying floor coatings.


Emulsions and Dispersions
475 – 500
–
 3,000 – 9,000
47
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.R.™ 916

Emulsion of an epoxy novolac resins, similar to D.E.N.™ 438™ epoxy novolac, in water. For high chemical resistance and/or high temperature resistance coating applications.


Emulsions and Dispersions
184 – 204
–
 5,000 – 1,0000
58
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.R.™ 917

Emulsion of a standard bisphenol-A liquid epoxy resin, similar to D.E.R. 331™ epoxy resin, in water. 100% VOC free. Designed for civil engineering applications requiring improved crosslink density, solvent resistance and hardness. Also suitable as co-reactant in other aqueous systems.


Emulsions and Dispersions
193 – 204
–
 3,000 – 9,000
64
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.R.™ 925

Waterborne Dispersion of “1-type” solid epoxy resins with increased solids content. Offers good corrosion protection on steel as well as fast-drying on mineral substrates.


Emulsions and Dispersions
455 – 480
–
 1300 – 3,000
55
APAC





 
 
 
 





Related Industries

 







Civil Engineering, Construction










Consumer Goods










Energy










Transportation






 
 
 
 

 
 
 


 











For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.

 
 
 




























 
 
 

