





About Us



























































   




FRENCH
PORTUGUESE






Employ.Develop.Africa. <<<<  Latest News: 7.5 million need humanitarian aid in DRC...read more <<<< Latest News: Nigeria's central bank cuts policy interest rate...read more <<<< Latest News: Namibia - Amendments to the Local Authorities Bill...read more










Toggle navigation






Our Company About UsWhat makes us who we areFootprintGovernanceServices Workforce OptimisationCommunity ResponsibilityOther country nationalsIndustries Mining and constructionOil and GasPower generationFMCG             Logistics     HumanitarianContact










About us
What makes us who we are
Footprint
Governance



About us
Capital is a workforce solution business offering solutions to businesses throughout Africa. Founded in 1985 in South Africa, we began to branch out into other countries on the continent, and we now have 16 years of experience of managing workforces across Africa through various innovative solutions and product offerings.
We aim to optimise productivity and people’s performance, to positively impact on our customers’ profitability’s. We operate in multiple service sectors, with specific expertise in and focus on oil and gas, mining and construction, power generation, fast-moving consumer goods and humanitarian interests. At any one time, employing over 100 000 people across the continent.
Capital Africa is a wholly owned subsidiary of Adcorp Holdings Limited, a listed entity on the JSE.   Adcorp has operations in Africa, Australia, India and South East Asia with a turnover exceeding $1 billion. Being part of a listed business provides Capital with financial strength, credibility and a level of corporate governance expected by international blue chip companies.


















Latest industry news
 Read 


Watch our latest video
 View 


Company brochure
 Download 













 









TERMS OF USE      |PRIVACY POLICY      |DISCLAIMER

 2015 | Capital Africa





Welcome to Capital Africa
 

A pan-African workforce solutions business
Employ. Develop. Africa
Latest industry news


>>7.5 million need humanitarian aid in DRC2016-01-12
Decades of successive crises in the Democratic Republic of Congo have left 7.5 million people, in need of humanitarian aid... Read more
Read more



>> Nigeria's central bank cuts policy interest rate to spur growth2015-12-01
Nigeria's central bank cuts policy interest rate to 11%, cash reserve ratio to 20% to spur growth ... Read more
Read more














×
New Content




Type




Content Page 





Article 





Page Title (required)





Page Author 





Page Keywords





Page Description





Robot Instructions


index
noindex
index,nofollow
noindex,nofollow




Robot Revisit page in





 




Cancel



























CSR & sustainability info for Adcorp Holdings Ltd. | CSR Ratings


























$0




0 item(s) in the shopping cart




View Cart
Checkout







Login
















                Sustainability management tools
            

























         
            Improve a company’s sustainability performance
        

            By using the world’s most comprehensive CSR metrics database and analysis tools
        

Subscriber Preview
Request a demo











 

You've reached the limit for free searches.          


See CSRHub in Action          












Adcorp Holdings Ltd. CSR Ratings 







59




                                        CSR Rating
                                        Compared To
                                        All Companies
                                    



?








                                                Community
                                            



57










                                                Employees
                                            



55












                                                Environment
                                            



61










                                                Governance
                                            



62












                                    Low
                                

                                    0-29
                                




                                    30-39
                                




                                    40-49
                                




                                    50-59
                                




                                    60-79
                                




                                    80-100
                                

                                    High
                                


?






See Rating

Percentile Rankings


Click here to get this information.





                            CSR Rating History
                        










                                    This company vs 17,486 companies
                                






                                    The average for the  325 companies in the Business Support Services industry
                                


?








1 Special Issues
Affect This Company

?





                                    8
                                

Active Sources

                                  16 Total Sources
                                
?



                                    Share This Summary
                                












CSR News
CSR Jobs



Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Description 




Adcorp Holdings Limited (Adcorp) is an investment holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries and associates, is engaged in providing, recruitment, human capital management and training services and business process outsourcing. It is organized




Ticker:
ADR


ISIN:
ZAE000000139


Address:

28 On Sloane  Ground floor Block A



 

Bryanston, 
,                          2021,          
South Africa 


Website:
Adcorp Holdings Ltd.


Phone #:
27-11-244-5300


CSR Web Area:
Subscribers Only ?


Industry:
Business Support Services

















Customize CSRHub Ratings To Match Your Personal Preferences










                        PRIORITIES
                    










                                Community
                            



                                2.6
                            












                                Employees
                            



                                2.8
                            












                                Environment
                            



                                3.7
                            












                                Governance
                            



                                2.9
                            



Edit your profiles



SWITCH PROFILE



Average user (current)Average user (Jan 2012)Average user (Jan 2013)Average user (Jan 2014)Average user (Jan 2015)Average user (Jan 2016)Community-Employee focusedEnvironment focusedGovernance focusedMiller McCune [joined]Old TP [joined]





                        Data Date
                    

March 01, 2017




                        0 SPECIAL ISSUES SELECTED
                    











            CSRHub Subscribers Get Much More
        

CSRHub subscribers gain unparalleled and direct access to over 131 million
            data items, our easy-to-use suite of benchmarking and comparison tools,
            as well as our popular custom excel dashboards.
        

            Explore each of CSRHub's features, below.
        















16 of 535


Possible Sources Are Available for this Company







Asset4





SustainabilityServices 2014





Trucost


?








                                Industry Rankings
                            


Business Support Services
?


?








                                Excel Dashboards
                            
Annual Subscription with Benchmarking Tools$ 2,995Premium Subscription and Analytics Service$ 9,995Monthly Subscription$ 349
Annual Subscription with Benchmarking Tools$ 2,995Premium Subscription and Analytics Service$ 9,995Monthly Subscription$ 349Fewer subscriptions

?












Subcategory Ratings



Environment


61




Energy & Climate Change


?




Environment Policy & Reporting


?




Resource Management


?





?







                            Detailed Company Report(s)
                          
Asset4$ 250Trucost Company Briefing$ 100Trucost Benchmark Report$ 9,200

?







                              Special Issues
                          



















?
















                                          3
                                      

                                          Flags
                                      





Trucost Benchmark Report





Trucost Company Briefing














?








                              Customize CSRHub Ratings
                          










                  Community
                



                  2.6
                












                  Employees
                



                  2.8
                












                  Environment
                



                  3.7
                












                  Governance
                



                  2.9
                


?

Only subscribers see this data









                              Alternate Names
                          

AdcorpAdcorp AustraliaAdcorp HoldingsAdcorp Holdings LimitedADCORP HOLDINGS LTD

?











            Access CSRHub's Premium Features
        

Request a Demo
Subscriber Preview








×
Member Sign In


Sign in via Social Networks





Sign in with Facebook









Sign in with Twitter









Sign in with LinkedIn









Sign in with Google Plus









Have an Account?



Username






Password






 Remember Me
Lost Password




Close
Sign in










Home
Request a Demo
Subscription Sample
Dashboard Samples
Free Reports
What We Do




About Us
Our Team
Testimonials
CSRHub Research
CSR Events
About Special Issues




Contact Us
Our Widget & API
Partners
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Useful Links




FAQ
Companies A to Z
Industries Covered
Countries Covered
Data Sources Covered
Sitemap






















© 2008-2017 CSRHub








e-Check



























 ADR  - Adcorp Holdings Limited - Audited Results - 14/03/2001  






















- - - - Other Options - - - -
* Login Required
Graphs
Java Charts
Advanced Charts
* Enhanced CSV
ADCORP WebSite * Dividends
* Price Details
Latest News
Stop Loss
 Consensus Forecasts
* Set Alerts
* Rank this Share.
Quickshare Info.
Quick Fundamentals.
* Funds that Hold ADCORP
* Fundamentals
Download CSV ADCORP



      


 Adcorp Holdings Limited - Audited ResultsRelease Date: 14/03/2001 07:02:10      Code(s): ADR Adcorp Holdings Limited
Registration number 1974/001804/06
Audited Results for the year ended 31 December 2000
Turnover up 40,6%
Headline earnings per share up 27,2%
Operating profit up 41,5%
Attributable profit up 36,9%
Consolidated Group Income Statement
                                 2000          1999         %
                                 R'000         R'000        Var
TURNOVER                         963 443       685 460      +40,6
Operating profit                 93 364        65 981       +41,5
Net investment income            6 021         8 654        -30,4
(Loss)/Profit on sale of assets  (380)         514          -
Profit before taxation           99 005        75 149       +31,7
Taxation                         26 914        21 219       +26,8
Profit after taxation            72 091        53 930       +33,7
Share of income/(loss)
attributable to associate
 companies                       223           (552)        -
                                 72 314        53 378       +35,5
Minority shareholders'
share of losses                  -*            (547)        -
Earnings attributable to
ordinary shareholders            72 314        52 831       + 36,9
  - Reconciliation of headline
 earnings
Earnings attributable
to shareholders                  72 314        52 831       36,9
Goodwill amortised               2 835         -            -
Loss/(Profit) on sale of assets  380           (547)        -
  Headline earnings              75 529        52 284       +44,5
Number of shares in
issue - weighted (000)           39 338**      34 633       +13,6
Headline earnings per
share - cents                    192           151          +27,2
Earnings per share - cents       184           153          +20,3
Dividend per share - cents       28            23           +21,7
Dividend cover - times           6,6           6,6          -
*  Adcorp has assumed responsibility for losses made by minorities. These
losses are not material.
**  Weighted average after taking into account the estimated number of shares
that will be issued for the purchase of Graphicor (Pty) Limited.
Consolidated Group Balance Sheet
                                 31/12/00            31/12/99
                                 R'000               R'000
ASSETS
NON-CURRENT ASSETS               191 400             70 868
FIXED ASSETS                     61 938              37 005
INVESTMENTS AND LOANS            123 201             33 863
DEFERRED TAXATION                6 261               -
CURRENT ASSETS                   229 945             208 157
Cash at bank                     47 416              96 405
Other current assets             182 529             111 752
Total assets                     421 345             279 025
EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
Capital and reserves             233 453             97 299
Share capital and reserves       241 614             95 135
Cost price of shares held
 by subsidiary                   (14 183)            -
Vendor shares                    6 022               2 164
Non-current liabilities          10 675              11 279
Minority shareholders' interest  -                   134
Interest bearing long-term
liabilities                      7 313               10 953
Deferred taxation                3 362               192
Current liabilities              177 217             170 447
Interest bearing current
liabilities                      44 769              6 869
Cash due to vendors              10 122              72 018
Non-interest bearing current
 liabilities                     122 326             91 560
Total equity and liabilities     421 345             279 025
Number of ordinary shares
 in issue (000)                  40 830              34 926
Net asset value per
share - cents                    572*                278
* Based on 40,830 million shares which includes the shares anticipated to be
issued for the purchase of Graphicor (Pty) Limited.
Summarised Group Cash Flow Statement
                                 2000                1999
                                 R'000               R'000
CASH GENERATED BY OPERATIONS     113 145             74 419
INCREASE IN WORKING CAPITAL      (34 997)            (14 871)
CASH GENERATED BY
OPERATING ACTIVITIES             78 148              59 548
NET INVESTMENT INCOME            6 021               8 654
TAXATION PAID                    (31 231)            (21 075)
DIVIDEND PAID                    (8 033)             (5 283)
CASH AVAILABLE FROM OPERATING
ACTIVITIES                       44 905              41 844
CASH EFFECTS FROM INVESTMENT
AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES         (131 794)           (32 372)
NET CASH MOVEMENT                (86 889)            9 472
CASH ON HAND AT THE BEGINNING
 OF THE YEAR                     89 536              80 064
NET CASH ON HAND AT THE
 END OF THE YEAR                 2 647               89 536
Comments
Adcorp performed well during the year ended 31 December 2000 given that trading
conditions were difficult. Highlights of the year included the acquisition of
Acumen and Graphicor, both of which have been well integrated into the group.
Adcorp also purchased PR Connections, a niched public relations company
specialising in IT as well as a 50,1% share in Equal Access, a black
recruitment business with a sound track record.
A further exciting development is the joint venture formed between Adcorp
company, Research Surveys and Taylor Nelson Sofres (TNS), one of the largest
research companies in the world. This agreement will enable Research Surveys'
Conversion Model product to increase its market share globally as well as to
maintain its position as the "gold standard" of brand equity products. In
addition, Research Surveys will have access to TNS products and expertise in
the South African market.
Shepherd Shonhiwa recently joined the Adcorp board as deputy chairman and
Israel Skosana has also been appointed to the board. John Barry and Alec
Rubinstein have become non-executive directors. In April Adcorp donated almost
R1 million to The Business Trust and has recently established a social
investment programme aimed primarily at supporting black women in business.
Towards the end of the year,  Adcorp Management Services (Pty) Limited, a
subsidiary of Adcorp Holdings Limited bought back 1 million shares in a share
buy-back transaction.
Operations
THE OPERATING DIVISIONS HAVE BEEN REORGANISED IN ORDER TO BETTER FACILITATE THE
OFFERING OF COMPLETE BUSINESS SOLUTIONS TO CLIENTS WITH A FOCUS ON CLIENTS
RATHER THAN PRODUCTS. RECRUITMENT ADVERTISING AND PERMANENT PLACEMENTS NOW FORM
ONE DIVISION AS TOGETHER THEY PROVIDE THE WHOLE RANGE OF PERMANENT STAFFING
SOLUTIONS. HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT IS A SEPARATE DIVISION ENCOMPASSING HUMAN
RESOURCE SERVICES, TRAINING AND FLEXIBLE (TEMPORARY/CONTRACT) STAFFING. OUR
EXPERIENCE IS THAT MANY OUTSOURCED STAFFING SOLUTIONS REQUIRE NOT ONLY THE
STAFFING COMPONENT, BUT ALSO HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT AND TRAINING
CAPABILITIES. THE THIRD DIVISION COMPRISES CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS AND DESIGN
AS WELL AS RESEARCH. IT IS OUR INTENTION TO EXTEND THIS SERVICE RANGE TO COVER
OTHER BUSINESS REQUIREMENTS. THE NEW STRUCTURE IS WORKING WELL WITH PLEASING
RESULTS BOTH FROM A PROFIT AND OPPORTUNITY PERSPECTIVE AS EVIDENCED BY THE
POSITIVE TRADING RESULTS FOR THE FIRST TWO MONTHS OF THE NEW YEAR.
Prospects
WE ARE UNIQUELY POSITIONED AS A LEADER IN THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES VALUE CHAIN
WHERE GROWTH HAS LESS TO DO WITH ABSOLUTE MARKET GROWTH BUT RATHER WITH THE
RATE AT WHICH IN-HOUSE DELIVERY IS OUTSOURCED. WE HAVE THE ABILITY TO OFFER
INTEGRATED SUPPORT SERVICES JUSTIFYING HIGHER MARGINS.
Dividend
THE DIRECTORS HAVE DECLARED A DIVIDEND OF 28 CENTS PER SHARE WHICH IS A 21,7%
INCREASE ON THE 1999 DIVIDEND AND REPRESENTS A 6,6 TIMES COVER. DIVIDENDS WILL
BE PAID ON OR ABOUT 7 MAY 2001 TO SHAREHOLDERS REGISTERED AS AT THE CLOSE OF
BUSINESS ON 6 APRIL 2001.
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD
DR F VAN ZYL SLABBERT    DR FH STAAL               F BURD
CHAIRMAN                 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER   FINANCIAL DIRECTOR
14 MARCH 2001
Directors: Dr F van Zyl Slabbert (Chairman), Dr FH Staal (Chief Executive
Officer), RL Pike (Deputy Chief Executive Officer), VC Baker*, HW Barenblatt*,
FD Burd, M Liphosa, Dr RD Marcus, RB McGregor
Non-executive Directors: S Shonhiwa (Deputy Chairman), Dr DE Baloyi, JK Barry,
Dr FP Jacobsz, Dr P Ngwenya, L Rouillard, L Roussos*, A Rubinstein, I Skosana
Alternate:  R Pearce
*Executive directors in group companies
Visit our website at http://www.adcorp.co.za



                                        
Email this JSE Sens Item to a Friend.



Send e-mail to

	

Email address protected by JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript to contact us.


&copy 2017 SHARENET (PTY) Ltd, Cape Town, South Africa
Home
   

Terms & conditions   

Privacy Policy   

Security Notice   

Contact Details
Market Statistics are calculated by Sharenet and are therefore not the official JSE Market Statistics. The calculation/derivation may include underlying JSE data.















Business Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Business Services

Business Services Company Reports








Business Services Company Research Reports


The business services industry encompasses specialized companies providing various types of business-related services to other firms. Business services can be classified into such types as accounting, marketing, security, advertising, internal audit, consulting, risk management, recruitment, finance, transportation, etc. 
The business services market is highly fragmented, so there are no noticeably dominant players able to control the industry. EA Consulting Asia Pacific, Sutherland Global Service, HTC Global Services, McKinsey, BCG are amid the most renowned players of the worldwide market. 
The catalogue “Business Services Company Reports” contains a raft of research studies devoted to players of the business services market. The reports offer in-depth examinations of the competitive landscape, present SWOT analyses, and review their performances.  The researches also contain valuable data on the companies’ owners, senior management, locations, subsidiaries, markets, product portfolios and history. The reports not only offer companies’ profiles, but also cover their business activities. Valuable data on M&As, new product launches and company news digest are available in the research studies, too.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                    --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                        --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                        --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Business Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Business Strategies Group
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Timetric
                    



                            Found
                                 2950 publications                    



Zippi Networks, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zippi Networks, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongyuan Environment-Protection Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongyuan Environment-Protection Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhonghui Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhonghui Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Guangbo Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Guangbo Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamage Digital Art Imaging, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamage Digital Art Imaging, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yusen Logistics Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yusen Logistics Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yuasa Funashoku Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yuasa Funashoku Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Young Jin Infra CO., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Young Jin Infra CO., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YouGov PLC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YouGov PLC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YouChange Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YouChange Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Maruuo Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Maruuo Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Gyorui Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Gyorui Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yem Chio Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yem Chio Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yangjisa Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yangjisa Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamada Servicer Synthetic Office Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamada Servicer Synthetic Office Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Y-Entec Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Y-Entec Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xpress Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xpress Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinyinhai Technology, Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinyinhai Technology, Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xerius Bioscience Ag - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xerius Bioscience Ag - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WSP Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WSP Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


W.S. Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
W.S. Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Workforce Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Workforce Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Work Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Work Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Woobangland Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Woobangland Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WISE Group AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WISE Group AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windswept Environmental Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windswept Environmental Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WindPower Innovations, Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WindPower Innovations, Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wincanton plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wincanton plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilson Learning Worldwide - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilson Learning Worldwide - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Willy Food Investments Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Willy Food Investments Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilhelmina International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilhelmina International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Widetech Malaysia Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Widetech Malaysia Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Worldwide Food Services, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Worldwide Food Services, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Worldwide Auction Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Worldwide Auction Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WHK Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WHK Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Western Lucrative Enterprises, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Western Lucrative Enterprises, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


West Mountain Capital Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
West Mountain Capital Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wescorp Energy Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wescorp Energy Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wesco Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wesco Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wellcom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wellcom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wellco Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wellco Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Weathernews Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Weathernews Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wdb Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wdb Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WCA Waste Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WCA Waste Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waterman Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waterman Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Water Hall Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Water Hall Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waste Management, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waste Management, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waste Connections Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waste Connections Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Global Warming Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Global Warming Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:





















 




ADRJ.J | Adcorp Holdings Ltd share price | Fundamentals and charts | IG AE
































































Personal


Logout


                        My IG
                    




عربي 


Personal
Institutional








IG






    Create account



    Login



Menu

Menu



                            Search
                        


عربي 





Help



Contact






United Arab Emirates
                            
                            




Search
Search












    Login



    Create account






                        Indices
                        





                                    Indices
                                



                                       Indices CFD costs and details
                                    



                                       MT4 Indices CFD details
                                    





                        Shares 
                        





                                    Shares 
                                



                                       Share CFD costs and details
                                    



                                       Shares DMA
                                    



                                       Extended hours on US stocks
                                    





                        Forex
                        





                                    Forex
                                



                                       Forex costs and details
                                    



                                       Forex Direct
                                    



                                       Forex MT4 details
                                    



                                       What is forex trading
                                    



                                       How does forex trading work
                                    



                                       How to trade forex with IG
                                    





                        Commodities
                        





                                    Commodities
                                



                                       Commodities CFD details
                                    



                                       MT4 Commodity CFD details
                                    





                        Other markets
                        





                                    Other markets
                                



                                       IG digital 100s CFDs
                                    



                                       Options CFDs
                                    



                                       Interest rates CFDs
                                    



                                       Sectors CFDs
                                    



                                       Bonds CFDs
                                    



                                       ETPs
                                    



                                       Sunday trading
                                    





                        IG services
                        





                                    IG services
                                



                                       CFD trading
                                    



                                       Corporate account
                                    



                                       Our charges
                                    



                                       What are the risks?
                                    



                                       Risk management
                                    



                                       Contract details
                                    



                                       Affiliates programme
                                    



                                       What's new at IG?
                                    





                        Trading platforms
                        





                                    Trading platforms
                                



                                       Web
                                    



                                       Trading apps
                                    



                                       MetaTrader 4
                                    



                                       Advanced platforms
                                    



                                       Platform features
                                    



                                       Compare features
                                    





                        IG analysis
                        





                                    IG analysis
                                



                                       Market data
                                    



                                       News and analysis
                                    



                                       The week ahead
                                    



                                       Economic Calendar
                                    



                                       Market Screener
                                    



                                       Trading diary
                                    



                                       Signal Centre
                                    



                                       IG Live
                                    



                                       Trade of the week
                                    



                                       French election 2017
                                    





                        Education
                        





                                    Education
                                



                                       Trading seminars
                                    



                                       Articles and guides
                                    



                                       Introduction programme
                                    



                                       IG Academy app
                                    



                                       Glossary of trading terms
                                    











                                          IG analysis
                            








                                    Market data
                                



                                    News and analysis
                                



                                    The week ahead
                                



                                    Economic Calendar
                                



                                    Market Screener
                                



                                    Trading diary
                                



                                    Signal Centre
                                



                                    Trade of the week
                                



                                    French election 2017
                                














            CFDs are a leveraged product and can result in losses that exceed deposits. Trading CFDs may not be suitable for everyone, so please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
        




                
                Over 40-years' heritage
                
            


                
                Over 185,000 clients worldwide
                
            


                
                15,000 markets worldwide
                
            








Adcorp Holdings Ltd

                Change: 0.72% (10.00 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            













             Open an account now 

        



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    










CFD: 
-









                0.72%
            

                10.00pts
            


            High: 1415.00
            Low: 1375.00




Sell
1400.00




Buy
1400.00



15 MIN delayed prices









Details for Adcorp Holdings Ltd -



Dealing Minimum size 
    1 Share(s)

25%
 Minimum stop distance 
    17
 Min guaranteed stop distance 
    12.5%
 Slippage factor 
    60.0%



Market hours 11:00 - 18:50 (Gulf Time Zone)
    




Margin requirements
Your aggregate position in this market will be margined in the following tiers:




Tier
 Position size (Share(s)) 
Margin


1
0 - 11400
25%


2
11400 - 71250
40%


3
71250 - 91200
60%


4
91200 +
75%




If your aggregate position is larger than Tier 1, your margin requirement will not be reduced by non-guaranteed stops.
Please note: we have tried to ensure that the information here is as accurate as possible, but it is intended for guidance only and any errors will not be binding on us.





Create account
Log in














Adcorp Holdings Ltd

                Change: 0.72% (10.00 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            










                                Already an IG client?
                                Login to trade






            
                
                
                    CFDs are a leveraged product and can result in losses that exceed deposits. Trading CFDs may not be suitable for everyone, so please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
                
            
        







    

    Buy/Sell

    
        







             Open an account

        
Already an IG client? Log in to trade
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Demo account
        



                            Create Account
                    

















             Find a market to trade

        



Share Finder














             Why trade with IG?

        



Free live prices, data
Plus news and opinion from our expert analysts





Over 15,000 global markets
With trading opportunities 24 hours a day





Desktop, mobile, tablet
Seamless functionality with our multi-device platform







Spreads from 0.4 points
Plus tiered margining for even better value





MT4 platform
Superior execution with no third-party bridges





Advanced charting
100+ technical indicators and automated trading with ProRealTime













             Open an account now

        
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Create account
        



                            Demo account
                    













Client sentiment i

x
The percentage of IG client accounts with positions in this market that are currently long or short. Calculated to the nearest 1%.











33%
                of IG client accounts with open positions in this market expect the price to rise
            

67%
                of IG client accounts with open positions in this market expect the price to fall
            

<10
                IG client accounts have open positions in this market
            



















             Sign up today

        
Open an IG account and start trading today, or test-drive our platform with a risk-free demo.



                Create account
        



                            Demo account
                    










             You might be interested in...

        




Our charges

Our charges are clear and transparent, so you’ll always know what fees to expect.






Charting packages

Use IG charts and advanced ProRealTime and Autochartist packages.






Execution and pricing

Get fast, reliable execution and the best available prices.










































Markets
Forex
Indices
Shares
Digital 100
Other Markets









IG services
CFD trading









Trading platforms
Web platform
Trading apps
Advanced platforms
Compare features









IG analysis
Market news



















Contact us
New client: 04 559 2108
Clients: 04 559 2100
Tweet us: @IGMENA









AE







IG | Sitemap | Terms and agreements | Privacy | Help and support | About IG








Follow us online:

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube












CFDs are a leveraged product and can result in losses that exceed deposits. Please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
Trading CFDs may not be suitable for everyone, so please ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. IG does not issue advice, recommendations or opinion in relation to acquiring, holding or disposing of a CFD. IG is not a financial advisor and all services are provided on an execution only basis.
IG is a trading name of IG Limited a company registered at 2702 & 2703 Level 27, Tower 2, Al Fattan Currency House, DIFC, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. IG is authorised and regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority under Firm’s reference No. (F001780).
The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States, Belgium or any particular country outside the UAE and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
































2003-2017















IG Group | Careers











            CFDs are a leveraged product and can result in losses that exceed deposits. Trading CFDs may not be suitable for everyone, so please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
        














	
            Adcorp Group
            
            
            About Us
            
        
















































































































Sign In















It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.



























HomeAbout UsCurrently selected
About UsBoard of DirectorsCorporate GovernanceCorporate Social InvestmentEmpowermentGroup StructureGroup Sustainability PolicyMission
ServicesGeographiesSectorsNewsInvestors
AdministrationCorporate Bond ProgrammeFinancialsInvestor Relations NewsShare StatisticsShareholders Diary
Operations
ADfusionallaboutXpertCharismaDareDAV Professional Placement GroupEnvisionme.co.zaFMSFortress AdministrationInnStaffKellyLabour Solutions AustraliaMondialOperations NewsParaconPaxusPMIQuestRightsourceStaff U NeedtalentCRUThe Personnel ConceptTorque ITZestBLU
Contact Us
Get Directions















                                
            
            
            About Us
            
        
                            














Page Content​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​
















The business of Adcorp today



Adcorp is a global workforce solutions company, offering a wide range of diverse talent management solutions across a vast spectrum of industry sectors, job types and geographic regions. A trusted partner focussed on shaping the world of work. Driven by digitisation, providing simpler, faster and better outcomes and finding common ground between people and companies by connecting the right people at the right time for any project. Specialists in the world of matching and placing talent to create workforces and workplaces with increased efficiency and engagement.Combined human touch underpinned by business intelligence is used to predict the future demands of customers. Every day we take a step closer to co-designing workforces that exceed expectations and empower people and companies through meaningful relationships.
 




Divisions

 






Services and solutions
































About
About UsBoard of DirectorsCorporate GovernanceCorporate Social InvestmentEmpowermentGroup StructureMissionGroup Sustainability Policy
















































Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Business Services

Business Services Company Reports





Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
AEB3B22FFCFB1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of Adcorp Holdings Ltd. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of Adcorp Holdings Ltd. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key Adcorp Holdings Ltd. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 ADCORP HOLDINGS LTD. - OVERVIEW

1.1 Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Business Description
1.2 Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Milestones and History

2 ADCORP HOLDINGS LTD. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 ADCORP HOLDINGS LTD. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 ADCORP HOLDINGS LTD. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 ADCORP HOLDINGS LTD. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Strengths
5.2 Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Weaknesses
5.3 Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Opportunities
5.4 Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Threats

6 ADCORP HOLDINGS LTD. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 Adcorp Holdings Ltd. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 ADCORP HOLDINGS LTD. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 ADCORP HOLDINGS LTD. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Key Facts 
Table 2: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Milestones and History 
Table 4: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Key Executives 
Table 5: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Products and Services
Table 8: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Profitability 
Table 10: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: Adcorp Holdings Ltd. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


KPX Green Chemical Co. LTD - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Universal Forest Products Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Canopus BioPharma Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Buffalo Gold Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Gabriel India Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Adcorp Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























Buy Adcorp Holdings Limited
















































            Adcorp Holdings Limited
        





                    Adcorp Holdings Limited
                

                    Short Name: ADR
                









                                        Equities
                                    










                                        Support Services
                                    









             What’s been happening to ADR in the market
        



Current Prices 
15 minutes delayed





LAST
PRICE

R 14.00



YOU'RE
SELLING AT

R 13.72



YOU'RE
BUYING AT

R 14.00




How the pricing works
Trades are executed at the live price on the underlying exchange at the time your order is received, as a result the price that you invest at may differ from the price displayed. Further to this you are buying at the Offer Price which is the price at which sellers are currently prepared to sell.
The difference between all three prices quoted is an indication of the current interest investors have in this share. The bigger the difference between the prices, the smaller the interest/liquidity in the share i.e. there are limited buyers and sellers of this share. Investors should be cautious when buying or selling shares with lower liquidity.




                    Learn more about Adcorp Holdings Limited



                        Google Finance
                        




                        In the News
                        















Buy This Equity
Adcorp Holdings Limited





1

Select your investment amount







                            R250
                        






                            R500
                        






                            R1000
                        



ANY OTHER AMOUNT


R


Up to R9230.30                        















2

Select your investment type

















Recurring Investments are not currently supported for modified baskets.





            This security is currently only available for trading through a BUY INSTRUCTION. A BUY INSTRUCTION will execute within a reasonable time of the  instrument becoming available on the platform again. This could be after the market has re-opened or when the particular instrument is unsuspended. For more information on BUY INSTRUCTIONS click here.
        






 Price is based on previous day's close.















	
            Adcorp Group
        























































































































Sign In















It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.



























HomeCurrently selectedAbout Us
About UsBoard of DirectorsCorporate GovernanceCorporate Social InvestmentEmpowermentGroup StructureGroup Sustainability PolicyMission
ServicesGeographiesSectorsNewsInvestors
AdministrationCorporate Bond ProgrammeFinancialsInvestor Relations NewsShare StatisticsShareholders Diary
Operations
ADfusionallaboutXpertCharismaDareDAV Professional Placement GroupEnvisionme.co.zaFMSFortress AdministrationInnStaffKellyLabour Solutions AustraliaMondialOperations NewsParaconPaxusPMIQuestRightsourceStaff U NeedtalentCRUThe Personnel ConceptTorque ITZestBLU
Contact Us
Get Directions















                                
                                    
                                    
                                    Home
                                    
                                
                            












































Quicklinks
Share StatisticsLatest ResultsShareholders DiaryFast Facts























Thu, 03 August 2017:
        Adcorp Holdings Ltd 
  (ADR)
         
   
  
          Open:
        1400 
   
  
          Close:
        1400 
   
  
          Bid:
        1395 
   
  
          Bid volume:
        1269 
   
  
          Offer:
        1400 
   
  
          Offer volume:
        1803 
   
  
          High:
        1415 
   
  
          Low:
        1375 
   
  
          Volume:
        31802 
   
  
          Value:
        44311448 
   
  
          PE:
        -50.18 
   
  
          Move:
        0 
   
  
          Move percentage:
        0.00% 
   
  
          Number of trades:
        54 
   
  


























Investor News
                                    
                                    






2016-08-25 SENS Adcorp Results of AGM - v52016-08-26 Availability Of Annual Financial Statements 20162016-08-26 Adcorp Holdings Limited - withdrawal of cautionary announcement2016-09-22 SENS Registration of Director2016-10-19 Trading Statement













Investor News
                                    
                                    






2016-05-24 Adcorp prevails in difficult trading environment2016-08-25 SENS Adcorp Results of AGM - v52016-08-26 Availability Of Annual Financial Statements 20162016-08-26 Adcorp Holdings Limited - withdrawal of cautionary announcement2016-09-22 SENS Registration of Director













Investor News
                                    
                                    






SENS appointment and resignation of directors 2017-07-312017-07-21 SENS notice of submission of BEE report to the BEE Commission2017-07-24 SENS Equity No change statement and notice of AGMSENS appointment and resignation of directorsSENS appointment of VCP directors








Latest
                            
                            
Top Rated
                            
                            
Most read
                            
                            













Operations News
                                    
                                    






2016-01-07 Adcorp employee assistance programme2016-04-14 Adcorp supports Earth day2016-05-05 talentCRU is now liveEmployment Industry appeals Labour Appeal Court finding











Operations News
                                    
                                    






2016-01-07 Adcorp employee assistance programme2016-04-14 Adcorp supports Earth day2016-05-05 talentCRU is now liveEmployment Industry appeals Labour Appeal Court finding











Operations News
                                    
                                    






Employment Industry appeals Labour Appeal Court finding2016-05-05 talentCRU is now live2016-04-14 Adcorp supports Earth day2016-01-07 Adcorp employee assistance programme








Latest
                            
                            
Top Rated
                            
                            
Most read
                            
                            













Industry News
                                    
                                    






Adcorp index indicates that demand for labour continues to slideAdcorp introduces first comprehensive indicator of employment trendsAdcorp’s Index shows job losses, absenteeism costing the countryAdcorp releases results of the first comprehensive report of South Africa’s employment trendsSkills development moving in the wrong direction











Industry News
                                    
                                    






2015-11-01 Unemployment numbers decline in OctoberAdcorp’s Index shows job losses, absenteeism costing the countryUnemployment crisis pending despite R150 billion jobs promiseAdcorp index indicates that demand for labour continues to slideAdcorp introduces first comprehensive indicator of employment trends











Industry News
                                    
                                    






20 July 2017 - It's business as usual for the temporary employment services for the next 12 monthsAssign Labour Appeal Court Judgment2015-10-21 South Africa - Adcorp weathers a difficult storm 2016-05-12 SA labour market at worst levels since global economic crisis: index2016-05-12 Labour market reeling in first quarter of 2016 – Solidarity








Latest
                            
                            
Top Rated
                            
                            
Most read
                            
                            

















 Click to Su​bscribe​




















 Get Directions 


















Click here​




















































