






East-West Properties PLC






































Home
About Us




About Us
East West Properties PLC is a Public Quoted Company with Limited Liability incorporated in Sri Lanka on 18th March 1981 - and re-registered under the Companybs Act No.7of 2007. The Company was listed on the main board of the Colombo Stock Exchange in 1983. The Company's core business is in real estate development and generating rental income from warehousing and commercial office space. The Company owns 5 acres of land in Peliyagoda of which 2 acres have been developed into 100,000 sqft of warehouse spaces. The remaining 3 acres has been leased to Ultra Tech Cement Company.
Read More



 The most current development project under the subsidiary, Weligama Hotel Properties Ltd. is the construction of Sri Lankabs first Marriott Resort & Spa Hotel located in the beautiful bay of Weligama, south of the Island. The development consists of 198 rooms with a gross built up area of 350,000sqft. The project is due to be completed early 2017.
 The company under its subsidiary East West Engineering Services Pvt Ltd. has diversified into engineering and construction related activities with much of the work currently focused on the turnkey development of the 198 key Marriott Resort & Spa. The company has diversified into the business of ready mix concrete under the brand bEast West Ready Mixb. The operation consists of two ready mix plants located in the south. The company also project management and procurement services. 
The media arm of the company operates under the subsidiary, Peoples Media Network which has been issued licenses and frequencies for the operations of a radio and television station network. The company manages and operates 5 transmission sites located in Colombo, Hunnasgiriya, Karagahatenna, Nayabedda and Gongala. The company also represents globally recognized brands for studio and transmission related equipment whilst providing turnkey solutions for all radio and television infrastructure requirements.









Courage

We shall embrace new ideas and businesses




Courage






Trust

We shall believe in our employees and other stakeholders




Trust






Commitment

We shall stand by our promises and adhere to high standards of business




Commitment








Passion

Performing with enthusiasm and energy




Passion






Result

Consistently achieving goals




Result






Integration

Working across functions and businesses to create synergies




Integration






Dedication

Working with commitment in the pursuit of our aims




Dedication






Entrepreneurship

Seizing new opportunities with initiative
and ownership




Entrepreneurship









Chairman's Message

Read More





One Vision, One Team

Read More





One Vision, One Brand







Chairman's Message




For the better part of the last decade, East West Properties has been a real estate and investment holding company. The company looks set to take advantage of the positive momentum created by the end of the country's 30 year civil war which promises to usher in a period of strong growth in key industries such as Tourism, Finance and Trade. The company reflected this optimism by successfully completing a 1 Billion Rupee rights issue for the last financial year 2010/2011.



Along with our inherent pioneering spirit, the company plans on expanding into the leisure sector with a goal of establishing a room inventory of over 1000 keys in six properties located around the country.




I look forward to the forthcoming financial year, which promises strong growth in the company's key business areas.





Board of Directors









M W A D J Nahil
Wijesuriya
Chairman



Vijitha Wijesuriya
Managing Director




M W A D A Anika
V Wijesuriya
Director




Nishantha P
Sooriyaarachchi
Director



H B G Vijayanthi
Jayasinghe
Director



M W A D J Vajira
Wijesuriya
Non-executive Director



Sunil ABeyratna
Non-executive Director






Nahil Wijesuriya is a Professional Engineer specializing in Mechanical and Productions Engineering. He gained his professional qualifications from The Leicester College of Technology (UK). Following his graduation

he began working with P&O Shipping Lines (UK), eventually moving on to become the Chief Engineer at Ceylon Shipping Corporation. In 1975 he became Deputy Chief Engineer of the Colombo Dockyard. In 1977 he
founded the East West Group of Companies. Through this Parent company, he founded many successful businesses in Sri Lanka including TV broadcasting channels, ETV1 and ETV2, now known as
Swarnavahini; East West Information Systems now known as EWIS. He has also completed several substantial property developments having successfully speculated the London and Singapore property markets.



Vijitha Wijesuriya currently serves as the Managing Director of East West Properties PLC, in his current role he oversees the design and development of a 200 key Marriott Resort & Spa in Weligama Bay, Sri Lanka, which is due to commence operations in July 2016. He is also spear heading the groups hospitality expansion to a further 1200 keys across 5 properties around Sri Lanka. His work also involves managing the funding for the groups hospitality related investments and in 2014 successful concluded the Series A funding for the groups expansion. He has previously served on the board of the Ceylon Continental Hotel, Sri Lankaâ€™s first 5 Star hotel property. Vijitha holds a Bachelor of Science from Imperial College, London and is an Associate of the Royal College of Science.



Anika Wijesuriya holds a BA Honors Degree in Finance and Economics from the University of Durham (UK), where she continues to be an Associate of the Durham Business School. She was a Director
at Hotel Services Plc where she gained substantial experience in hotel administration, finance, sales and operations. She is also a Director of East West Properties Plc.


Mr.Sooriyaarachchi holds Higher National Diploma in Accountancy and he is following Final Level Examination of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka. He has around 9 years experience with East West Group of Companies. He is also a Director of Peoples Media Network (Pvt) Ltd, and Infrastructure Developers PLC. 
Mrs.Vijayanthi Jayasinghe has completed her Licentiate Examination conducted by Institute of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka. Her experience extends over 15 years, working for Tabasco Distributors (Pvt) Ltd., VS & Associates and Teleconsult Lanka (Pvt) Ltd. She has been part of the East West Group of companies for over a decade, joining our team in 1998. 
Mr. Vajira Wijesuriya has a Bachelors degree in Computer Science from the University of Warwick, UK and a British Private Pilots Licence. Vajira has vast experiences in Real Estate, Aviation, Finance and Travel. During his time with the East West Group in 2000, he was in charge of marketing office and warehouse space belonging to the group. Subsequently, he obtained an Aircraft Operators Certificate and operated an International Cargo Airline. During this time he also setup a travel agency for the group. Vajira worked at Amba Research as an Associate Vice President doing financial equity research in 2003, during which time he completed 2 levels of the Chartered Financial Analyst Program. He has also worked at London Heathrow Airport for Menzies Aviation Group, UK in all aspects of Aircraft Ground Handling Operations. 

Mr D Sunil AbeyRatna counts over 40 years of experience in the fi
eld of Finance, Audit and Tax. He is a 
Fellow of The Institute Of Chartered Accountants of Sri Lanka.  The Inst
itute of Management Accountants 
of UK and Certified Management Accountants of Sri Lanka.  He is also a me
mber of the Certified 
Management of Accountants of Australia and has a Doctorate in Philosop
hy from the University of Honolulu 
USA. He is the Sole Proprietor of AbeyRatna & Co Chartered Accountants and
 a Director of AGN 
International Ltd 
â€“
 UK, which is the 4th Largest Independent Accounting Association in t
he world based in 
over 108 countries and 478 Office locations.  
He is also a Director of KBSL Information Technologies Ltd, Rosewell In
vestment (Pvt) Ltd, Carplan Ltd 
and KIA Motors (Lanka) Ltd And the Managing Director of Lankem Tea & Ru
bber Plantations (Pvt) Ltd, 
Nawaloka Hospitals PLC, Agarapatana Plantations Ltd And Kotagala Planta
tions PLC. 










Home



About Us




Investor Relation



Careers





        	
            Corporate Office
            #12-01,  East Tower,
            World Trade Center,
            Colombo 1,
            Srilanka. Location
  +94 11 2 43 77 55 
  +94 777 322 500  /   +94 777 787 994 
  +94 11 2 43 20 40  
  admin@eastwest.lk 


        	
            Peliyagoda Warehousing complex
            81/11 3rd Lane,  New Nuge Road,
            Peliyagoda, Sri Lanaka
 Location














General Inquiry









  Please check the the captcha.
                


 Send a Email







Â© www.eastwest.lk 
 Solution By TekGeeks



















IM Properties plc: Welcome



























Home
About Us



Team
Our partners




Investment



UK Investment
European Investment



Development



Overview
Strategic Land
Projects
Project Delivery
Sustainability




usa
Strategic Land
Availability

News
Contact
























IM Properties is one of the UK’s largest privately owned property groups, with an investment and development portfolio of circa £900 million across the UK, Europe and the USA.



Spanning the industrial, retail, office and residential sectors, IM Properties’ portfolio boasts a range of high quality global occupiers including Sainsbury’s, John Lewis, Next, Marks & Spencer, Tesco,  UPS, Volkswagen, House of Fraser, Kuehne + Nagel and Ernst & Young.




INVESTMENT
Founded in 1987, IM Properties has amassed a substantial property portfolio amounting to £900m across the UK, Europe and USA.


DEVELOPMENT
IM Properties’ development team has a well-established track record as one of the Midlands’ most active developers of large scale schemes.


STRATEGIC LAND
IM Properties have a dedicated Strategic Land department dealing with commercial, residential and mixed use opportunities.


Tweets by IMProps 



I.M PROPERTIES PLC   IM House     South Drive     Coleshill     B46 1DF     Telephone +44 (0)121 730 8050      Fax +44 (0)121 730 8271     REGISTERED IN ENGLAND 3456002    Policy Statement



Design and programming by Tassell Design









Crescat Apartments



































  +94 777 823900
  crescat@eastwest.lk



 









Home
About Us
Apartments
Facilities

Events
Excursions

Gallery
Contact Us


















About Us


      Crescat Apartments 

 Crescat Investments (Pvt) Ltd (CIPL) is a property management company that manages 17 apartments at Crescat Residencies and 4 apartments at the Monarch Residencies, and intends to invest further in similar projects in the future.

These fully furnished apartments are available for rent on a short term basis, with luxurious amenities such as swimming pools, gymnasiums, car parks and round the clock security. Crescat Investments is the latest venture of East West Properties PLC (EWP), a conglomerate which was established in 1975, and has many areas of activity including Destination Management, Financial Services, and Media. EWP manages an investment portfolio valued at over LKR 300 million in Sri Lanka and Singapore.

As a listed company on the Colombo Stock Exchange with a market capitalization of LKR 1.5 billion, EWP has its core business in real estate development; focusing on the rental of its commercial warehousing complex in Peliyagoda, Sri Lanka. Its newest project is the construction of Sri Lanka's first Marriott Hotel located in the beautiful bay of Weligama - South of the Island. The construction of this 200 room Hotel Resort and Spa began on the third quarter of the financial year 2011/2012.
 




    My Little Island 

My Little Island is a subsidiary of East West Properties and deals with customized leisure travel, guided tours, accommodation, transport and all other arrangements related to travel in Sri Lanka. For further information visit the website on www.mylittleisland.lk, and for inquiries and bookings please contact holidays@eastwest.lk.


    Gracien Villa 

Grecien Villa is another property managed by East West Properties PLC and is situated in Kandy,  the Hill Capital of Sri Lanka. This property is a quaint and charming bungalow with 4 air conditioned bedrooms and its own housekeeping staff. It also has an extensive garden and ample parking. Perfect for those who appreciate the tranquility of Kandy while being within the City.  For inquiries and bookings please contact holidays@eastwest.lk and visit the Facebook fanpage for more details.


    Marriot Resort and Spa 

East West Properties is in the process of constructing the 1st ever Marriott Resort and Spa in Weligama,  Sri Lanka, which is situated at the South of the Island. This will be a 200 room hotel with 5 star facilities  and located on a beachfront property. For more information visit the hotel’s blog on www.marriot.lk.







Â© Crescat Apartments, All Rights Reserved. 
Solution by Tekgeeks





East West Properties PLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































August 03, 2017 11:43 AM ET
Real Estate Management and Development

Company Overview of East West Properties PLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for East West Properties PLC
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeMuthukuda W. A. D. J. V Wijesuriya  6 RelationshipsManaging Director ,Executive Director and Independent Non-Executive Director--Muthukuda W. A. D. J. N. Wijesuriya  6 RelationshipsChairman 72Hewa Batugoda Gamage Vijayanthi Jayasinghe  6 RelationshipsGroup Financial Officer and Executive Director--Muthukuda W. A. D. A. A. V. Wijesuriya  6 RelationshipsExecutive Director--Nishantha Priyanjith Sooriyaarachchi  6 RelationshipsFinance Director and Executive Director--
East West Properties PLC Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeMuthukuda W. A. D. J. N. Wijesuriya   6 RelationshipsEast West Properties PLC72Muthukuda W. A. D. J. V Wijesuriya   6 RelationshipsEast West Properties PLC--Hewa Batugoda Gamage Vijayanthi Jayasinghe   6 RelationshipsEast West Properties PLC--Muthukuda W. A. D. A. A. V. Wijesuriya   6 RelationshipsEast West Properties PLC--Nishantha Priyanjith Sooriyaarachchi   6 RelationshipsEast West Properties PLC--View All Board Members
East West Properties PLC Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersAudit Committee Ph.D.(UH-USA), F. C. M. A (UK), F.C.A (SL), F.C.M.Damian Sunil AbeyRatna34 Relationships2 ExecutivesCompensation Committee Ph.D.(UH-USA), F. C. M. A (UK), F.C.A (SL), F.C.M.Damian Sunil AbeyRatna34 Relationships2 ExecutivesView Committee Details
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update


			\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry RangeSalary  400.7KBonus  325.4KTotal Short Term Compensation  536.8KTotal Value of Options  2.7MCompensation as of Fiscal Year   East West Properties PLC CEO CompensationIndustry Average










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESCapital Properties, Inc. Appoints Susan R. Johnson as Assistant Treasurer, Controller and Principal Accounting OfficerAugust 02, 2017 3:58 PM ETChina Properties Investment Holdings Limited Announces Re-Designation of Han Wei from Non-Executive Director to an Executive DirectorAugust 01, 2017 9:38 AM ETSirius Real Estate Limited Appoints Aoife L Bennett as Company SecretaryAugust 01, 2017 9:00 AM ETPrincipal Capital Public Company Limited Announces Resignation of Wichanan Supajanya as DirectorAugust 01, 2017 5:42 AM ETChow Group Limited Announces Resignation of Clint Webber from the BoardAugust 01, 2017 12:23 AM ETSponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact East West Properties PLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































East-West Properties PLC
















































 

Building a Nation 
Largest Ready Mix Concrete producer in the South of Sri Lanka



 

Warehousing & Logistics
Operating 100,000sqft with an additional 200,000sqft under development



 

Broadcast Infrastructure
Common user facilaites for Broadcast and Telecom providers



 

Partnerships with Global Leaders
Weligama Marriott Resort & Spa - First Marriott in Sri Lanka



 

Partnerships with Global Leaders
Long term partnership with Ultratech Cement Company



 

Tourism Development
Turnkey Development for hospitality project, from A to Z





  Previous    Next  





Our Group Websites





Peoples Media Network


Readymix Concrete


Self Storage


Online Media 


My Little Island 


Crescat Apartments 






















 Hospitality 









 Real Estate 


 





 Construction 


 





 Broadcast Infrastructure 


 











Sri Lanka Tourism 
Over last year five years Sri Lanka tourism has witnessed an exponential growth in tourist arrivals reaching 1.900,000 Million tourists in 2015 from 500,000 in 2009.

Voted top tourism destination to visit  by Condé Nast Traveller and the New York Times ,post-war Sri Lanka is poised to establish itself as leading tourist destination in the region.

Sri Lanka is seeing unprecedented growth in the hospitality space with many internationally renowned brand set to enter the market, Shangri La, Sheraton and Marriott to mention a few. 





Weligama Hotel Properties Ltd



Under the subsidiary Weligama Hotel Properties Ltd, the company started the turnkey development of , the Marriott Weligama Bay Resort & Spa, situated in Weligama Bay, Sri Lanka.



The only modern high-rise resort in Sri Lanka, the Marriott Weligama Bay Resort & Spa is strategically positioned along a 115-metre stretch of pristine beachfront in Weligama Bay.
The Resort will be the first in Sri Lanka to be managed and branded by Marriott, the world’s
largest international hotel operator. Situated on a 35,605-square-metre beachfront site, the Property will be positioned as an upscale resort featuring 198 well-appointed guest rooms, a collection of five dining outlets, and a wide range of world-class amenities that include a spa, fitness centre, kids’ club, and extensive banqueting facilities. Benefitting from a highly prominent beachfront location, the Resort has been carefully designed to offer direct and uninterrupted sea views of the stunning Weligama Bay from all guest rooms. Each guest room is tastefully furnished and equipped with modern amenities in a generous configuration with sizes ranging from 41 to
164 square metres.



The Resort is situated in the highly sought after South Western tourism belt that affords
convenient accessibility to Colombo’s Bandaranaike International Airport and key heritage
sites such as Galle Fort. Access to the Property from Colombo is via the recently completed
Southern Expressway. The Property’s convenient location also provides access to the major
southern cities of Matara and Hambantota as well as Sri Lanka’s renowned Cultural Triangle.
Construction of the Property is scheduled to complete by December 2016 with the Property
being fully operational by April 2017. Once opened, the Marriott Weligama Bay Resort & Spa
will undoubtedly solidify its position as the market leader of Sri Lanka’s southwest coast.










Real Estate
Over the years the company has developed a number commercial properties most notably the development of Nawam Mawatha as Commercial hub where the company built and operated over 350,000sqft of Office space, this included the IBM building, Forbes & Walker Building, Robert Senanayake Building and also provided car parking facilities for over 600 vehicles. The company built the first multi-storey Car park with a car elevator in 1994.
The company also built and operated over a 1,000,000sqft of warehousing, in the Peliygaoda area. This include the countries first multi-storey warehouse complex with a cargo elevator. 





East West Properties PLC

In 2008 the company ventured into hospitality with the purchase of the Ceylon Intercontinental (now Kingsbury) – a 250 key hotel located on 4.5 acres of central business district. The property was subsequently sold in 2011.
The company entered into a partnership with Marriott International to build a 198 Keys five star resort and spa in Weligama Bay, Sri Lanka , This property is expected to open in December 2016. 
East West Properties PLC currently operates over 100,000 sqft of warehousing space and 30,000 sqft of commercial office space. The company has a long standing partnership with Ultratech Cement Company India leasing the real estate on which their 4x8000 ton cement silo and bagging plant our located.  
             The company currently owns and operates 32 apartments as services apartments at Crescat Residences located adjacent the Cinnamon Grand Hotel, Colombo premier five-star hotel. The apartments mix is made up of 1,2,3 bedroom properties and residences common facilities include a gym, spa and access to the food and beverage service of the Cinnamon Grand Hotel next door. 
In 2012 the company ventured into rentable self-storage units and has over 10,000sqft of space consisting of units varying in size from 25sqft to 500sqft. The company also provides logistics services for the packing and moving of items into storage.  
The company also owns 20 acres of prime lagoon front property in Pammunugan which is expected to be developed into luxury villa.





















Construction 
The Company provides a number of engineering related services which include; civil construction, mechanical, electrical, plumbing and ELV services. In addition to these services the company also specialises in the project management and procurement.
Other areas of business involve water and sewage treatment plants and the operation of a network of concrete batching plants. The company has a division that fabricates doors and windows and is capable of designing and manufacturing custom built furniture. 




East West Engineering (Pvt) Ltd.


              
              The company over the years has developed over a 1,000,000 sqft of warehousing space with much of development focused in Peliyagoda. It has also built over 500,000sqft of commercial office space in the Nawam Mawatha business district. Its anchor tenants have included IBM Corporation and number of blue chip companies. Amongst it many achievements the company built and operated Sri Lanka’s first multi-storey car park in 1995.
Its most recent project is the turnkey construction of a 198 key Marriott Resort & Spa consisting of over 300,000sqft of built space, 5 five restaurants, kitchens and a laundry facility. The total value of contract is USD45Million. This project is expected to be handed over to the operator, Marriott International in December 2016.
The company is engaged in the production of ready mix concrete, operating two batching plants in Matara and Galle. The products are designed, manufactured and tested to fully comply with local and international standards. All individual materials conform to the relevant British Standards, ensuring the quality of the product. The company is also capable of producing specialist mixes for products requiring high workability and high, or early, strength characteristics. In addition to the production of ready-mix concrete the company maintains a comprehensive testing facilities for its customers.The company operates a modern fleet of 8cbm and 6cbm transit mixer trucks, stationary and mobile boom pumps.
The Company also has a trading division focused on the light construction machinery and building materials.





Hikkaduwa


September 25 2015 

Sadagiri Shopping Complex, Hikkaduwa.






Galle


October 03  2015 

Sino Lanka – Galle , Ozo Hotel






Karapitiya


October 06  2015 

CECB Karapitiya Hospital Project






Hikkaduwa


September 12 2015 

Lavanga Hotel, Hikkaduwa






Galle


September 17 2015 

Damro – 5 Story Showroom in Galle













Broadcast Infrastructure 
The group has been involved in broadcasting since 1994, when the company setup Sri Lanka’s first 24-hour television stations, ETV 1 and ETV2 rebroadcasting satellite television on the its terrestrial network. 

Content was sourced from the Star TV Network and BBC, one of the highlights for the company was the broadcasting in Sri Lanka of the 1996 Cricket World Cup when Sri Lanka the tournament. The network was subsequently sold to EAP Edirisinghe Group.

The company in partnership with the  Sri Sambodhi Viharaya operates the Buddhist radio and television network. 










People's Media Network (pvt) Ltd


              

The company under Peoples Media Network Pvt Ltd, currently operates 2 island wide radio frequencies and 2 television frequencies in Colombo and the North of Sri Lanka. Utilising these frequencies, the company manages the island wide transmission and operations of the Buddhist Radio and TV network.
              The has expanded into broadcast infrastructure providing common user facilities for television and radio broadcaster. Services include the full backbone infrastructure management with N+1 redundancy. The team is also capable of designing and building broadcast studios and represent a number of world renowned vendors. The key strength of the organization revolves around the infrastructure used to create content and the transmission of that content. The core competency of the company is the management of its transmission facilities, the company currently owns and operate three transmission sites in Hunasgiriya, Karagahatenna and Bandarawela. The company’s management of its own broadcast infrastructure and the commitment to achieving 99.9% up time on its transmission sites has seen the company invested significantly in redundancy at these broadcast facilities which include but not limited to backup transmitters, backup links, generators and UPS.

Over the years we have worked with many leading brands and now represent many of them here in Sri Lanka. We currently work closely with brand such as:


























Home



About Us




Investor Relation



Careers





        	
            Corporate Office
            #12-01,  East Tower,
            World Trade Center,
            Colombo 1,
            Srilanka. Location
  +94 11 2 43 77 55 
  +94 777 322 500  /   +94 777 787 994 
  +94 11 2 43 20 40  
  admin@eastwest.lk 


        	
            Peliyagoda Warehousing complex
            81/11 3rd Lane,  New Nuge Road,
            Peliyagoda, Sri Lanaka
 Location














General Inquiry









  Please check the the captcha.
                


 Send a Email







© www.eastwest.lk 
 Solution By TekGeeks













 
 





















Anika Wijesuriya appointed to East West Properties Board


























 



 









Thursday Aug 03, 2017
  


Thursday Aug 03, 2017
 
  ABOUT US 
  ARCHIVES 
  CONTACT 




















































Home /  / Anika Wijesuriya appointed to East West Properties Board
Anika Wijesuriya appointed to East West Properties Board


  
  Comments / 

  2630  Views    / Thursday, 20 December 2012 00:07


 






Anika Wijesuriya has been appointed as a Director on the Board of East West Properties Plc.


	She holds a B.A. Honours degree in finance and economics from the University of Durham and is an Associate of Durham Business School. She was a Director at Hotel Services Ceylon Plc and has gained vast experience in the fields of administrative, finance and sales.
	Following the appointment, the Board of Directors of East West Properties Plc comprises Nahil Wijesuriya (Chairman and Managing Director), L.D. Karalliedde, N.P. Sooriyaarachchi, H.G. Vijayanthi Jayasinghe, D.S. Abey Ratna, W.M.A.D.J.V. Wijesuriya, J.V. Wijesuriya and M.W.A.D.A.A.V. Wijesuriya.









 Share This Article 




  







 COMMENTS 





Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.






 












 




FT Quick Guide


Travel / Tourism




IT / Telecom / Tech




Financial Services




Business News



More Sectors



Agriculture


Business


CSR / Events


Dining


Energy


Entertainment / Arts


Entrepreneurship


Fashion


Financial Services


Front Page


FT Education


Healthcare


HR


In Depth


International


IT / Telecom / Tech


Leadership


Leisure


Letters to the Editor


Lifestyle


Management


Marketing


Motor


News


Other Sectors


Property/Construction


Shipping / Aviation


Special Report


Travel / Tourism


Youth / Careers / Higher Education






















Today's Columnists
 
Polythene and plastics: The guilt is ours!




  3 August 2017  


	  The Government of Sri Lanka has declared a ban and restrictions on the use of plastic bags and lunch sheets, etc. The new regulations are to come into effect from 1 September 2017.  The lunch sheet and the bag have been around for a lo...


 
Resurgence of National Payment Platform via Total Pay?




  2 August 2017  


	Arising out of the media exposures on the subject of a National Payment Platform, several interested parties have started to express opinions about the matter. As the subject matter is related and connected to various Acts and Legislation now in o...


 
Need to reveal public interest information regarding the controversial penthouse?




  2 August 2017  


	The public interest information regarding the controversial penthouse will be answered by the relevant parties by responding to the undernoted questions:
	1.Details of the respective lessees, tenants and owners of the property, during the period ...


 
A house of cards called ‘Consensual Coalition’




  2 August 2017  


	“The gift of a good liar is making people believe you lack a talent for lying” – ‘House of Cards’ tele play



	 In reviewing progress or the absence of it, in two years of ‘Yahapalanaya’, we must...


 Columnists More 




Opinion and Issues


AG contends Inland Revenue Bill does not trespass judicial process




Sri Lanka’s conflict-affected women: Dealing with the legacy of war




Comparative experiences on advancing women’s political participation




Response to ‘Ravi Karunanayake: Fall guy or saviour of the monarch?’



 OPINION & ISSUES MORE 




Special Report


CB Chief cracks whip!




Eran tells private sector Govt. will go the full term and beyond




Kabir commits to make SL most competitive




Reorienting economy to be export-focused critical for SL: Dr. Harsha de Silva



 SPECIAL REPORT MORE 




FT View


Travel needs





Playing the  numbers game





Who speaks for the people?





BOI: reform or reject?



 FT VIEW MORE 










    INSIDE SECTORS
    


Agriculture
Breaking News
Business
Corporate
CSR / Events
Dining
Entertainment
Entrepreneurship

fashion/lifestyle
Financial Services
Fortune
Front page
Health care
HR
In Depth
International

IT / Telecom / Tech
Leadership
Leisure
Letters to the Editor
Management
Marketing
Motor
News

Other Sectors
PDF
Shipping / Aviation
Special Report
Management
Marketing
Wildlife
Youth / Careers / Higher Education





INSIDE  SECTORS

Agriculture 

Business 
Lifestyle 
CSR / Events 
Dining 
Entertainment / Art 
Entrepreneurship 



Fashion
Financial Services 
Energy 
Front page 
Healthcare 
HR 
In Depth 
International 



 IT / Telecom / Tech
Leadership 
Leisure 
Letters to the Editor 
Management 
Marketing 
Motor 
News 



Other Sectors 
Shipping / Aviation 
Special Report 
Technology
Travel / Tourism 
Youth / Careers / Higher Education 




also follow us on 






CONTACT
 General : +94 0112 436 998, +94 0112 479 780 
        Fax : +94 0112 447 848
        Circulation : +94 0112 479 626, +94 0112 479 628
        Advertising : +94 0112 479 519, +94 0112 479 531 




 Group Sites : Lankadeepa Dailymirror Sunday Times Daily FT Ada Deshaya Tamil Mirror Mirror Sports HI TV Kelimandala Wisden Sri Lanka  Life   LW  Mirrorcitizen 
  Hitad Print   HI Magz   Times Jobs   Times Education   Wijeya   Tamil Radio   WNL Home  
e-papers :  Lankadeepa   Sunday Lankadeepa   Daily Mirror   Ada   Tamil Mirror   Daily FT   Deshaya  Wijeya e-paper portal 
Services : 

 Home delivery
Webmaster 
Web Ads
Editorial 
Help Desk
News Alerts 
Book Print Ads 

All the content on this website is copyright protected and can be reproduced only by giving the due courtesy to 'ft.lk'
        Copyright © 2004 Wijeya Newspapers Ltd.

















  East West ropes in Marriott for Weligama resort  | The Sundaytimes Sri Lanka































";
        
                
	





Home
Photo Gallery
Archive
Sitemap
Contact Us


Feeds
Editorials
Times Online











News



RSS Feed




Illicit passage to Australia isn’t plain sailing


											Two boats packed with medicine, dry rations, food and water were set to sail…
										



Sand dunes of Deduru  a mounting problem


																						The formation of sand dunes with the onset of the off-season at the mouth…
										



Health activists on hunger strike in Jaffna


																						Two health activists staged a 12-hour hunger strike in Jaffna on Thursday to protest…
										





Columns



5th Column

Political Column

The Economic Analysis

Lobby

Focus on Rights

Talk at the Cafe Spectator

From the sidelines

RSS Feed




The ‘chilling’ of free expression in Sri Lanka


																						Is there any other country in the civilized world where the police act under…
										



Declining economic growth, rising Inflation and widening trade and fiscal deficits


											The Global downturn and drought have been underlying reasons for the deteriorating economic conditions…
										



A debilitating case of election fever


											“Thaaththa,” Bindu Udagedera asked, “what is all this fuss about elections?” “Why, Bindu,” Percy…
										





Sports



RSS Feed




Paycheck bouncer or players doosra?


											While watching the final day’s play between Sri Lanka and Pakistan, I could not…
										



Can Sri Lanka clinch their first post-Murali series win?


																						Can Sri Lanka register their first Test series win in their cricket history’s post…
										



SLPL 2012 T20


																						Chris Gayle who thundered at the Indian Premier League who is also the icon…
										





Plus



RSS Feed




Is this the Higgs boson?


											On July 4, at a news conference at CERN (European Organization for Nuclear Research)…
										



Fixing them up


																						Where do Dr. David Young’s loyalties lie? Without missing a beat, the Sri Lankan…
										



‘A house that does not look like a house’


																						At his house, Kumudu S. Munasinghe has large, carefully framed photographs of what initially looks…
										





Business Times



RSS Feed




Landmark Celestial Tower sold at a bargain to new owner


											The revival of the state-acquired Celestial Residencies, better known as Celestial Towers, at Kollupitiya…
										



Harry J pays high bail of Rs 2 million  in securities fraud case


											Businessman Harry Jayawardena was released on Rs 2 million as bail on Wednesday, in…
										



US trade union ready to file another GSP case if needed


																						A top US trade union umbrella group has said it’s keeping its options open…
										





Sunday Times 2



RSS Feed




Algeria’s bitter struggle for freedom


											In July 1962 Algeria achieved independence after a bitter war lasting over seven years.…
										



Former teen prostitute shows lingerie  collection at Paris couture week


																						Just two years ago Zahia Dehar was a teenage prostitute embroiled in a scandal…
										



US gives Afghanistan special status


																						KABUL, July 7 (Reuters) Washington declared Afghanistan a major non-NATO ally on Saturday, a…
										





Education



RSS Feed




“Theatre Fest 2012” – Aspire to Excel Inter-School Drama Competition to be launched in Colombo organized by Alethea International School


											Theatre Fest 2012 an inter-school Drama competition themed “Aspire to Excel” organized by Edexcel,…
										



12month MBA at Oxford College of Business, where career dreams are made into a reality


											Applying for the 12month MBA at Oxford College of Business (OCB) in affiliation with…
										



IESL Engineering Excellence Awards – 2012


																						Nominations Close on 16th July 2012 A higher propensity for pursuit of excellence in…
										





Magazine



Magazine

Mirror Magazine

TV Times

RSS Feed




Sunset Cruise: Party onboard


											‘Jetliner Sunset Cruise’, the latest addition to Colombo’s entertainment industry, has set sailed its…
										



‘Chanchala Rekha’ as a miniplay


																						‘Gamperaliya’, ‘Golu Hadawatha’ and ‘Gehenu Lamai’ were some of the tele-productions that were made…
										



‘Ape Kema’ by Chef Pubilis with  Sri Lanka’s favourite musicians


																						It was Chef Pubilis’ evening of authentic Sri Lankan cuisine and the launch of…
										





Funday Times



RSS Feed




Dancing in the air


											Related Posts:Cover – News – 2012-06-24 Victims of callousness The don't care attitude of…
										



Talented Club Members


																						  Related Posts:Fun day at Nuga Gama Thirty lucky Funday Times club members spent…
										



Kids’ World


																						My ambition Almost all people, specially children have different ambitions. It is better to…
										





Advertise





Photo Gallery
Archive
Sitemap
Contact Us

                Sunday, July 08, 2012 				 










				East West ropes in Marriott for Weligama resort			

By Duruthu Edirimuni Chandrasekera View(s): Pix show -after signing the agreement, from left - Kiran Andicot - Vice President Hotel Development India and Subcontinent Marriott International, Inc, Vijitha Wijesuriya - Managing Director East West Properties PLC, Anika Wijesuriya - Director East West Properties PLC, Nahil Wijesuriya - Chairman East West Properties PLC, Sanjeewa Wickramanayake - Director - Board of Investments of Sri Lanka, Ms. Nancy Kupfer - Vice President and Senior Counsel - Marriott International, Inc and Ms Sahiba Chait - Counsel- Marriott International Inc. (Inset) ongoing construction.
East West Properties PLC, owned by businessman Nahil Wijesuriya, has signed a hotel management agreement with Marriott International hotel chain to manage the company’s Rs 3 billion hotel in Weligama, which will eventually go public, officials said.  Mr. Wijesuriya, Chairman East West Properties PLC told the Business Times that Weligama Hotel Properties Ltd., a fully owned subsidiary of East West Properties PLC, began construction of its first resort hotel, Marriot Weligama Resort and Spa in Weligama Bay in March this year and that it will open under the brand category of Marriott Hotels and Resorts in March 2014.
This contract was signed about two weeks ago by Vijitha Wijesuriya, Managing Director East West Properties PLC and Anika Wijesuriya, Director East West Properties PLC for Weligama Hotel Properties Ltd and Kiran Andicot, Vice President Hotel Development India and Subcontinent Marriott International, Inc. He said Weligama Hotel Properties Ltd will go public in due course. “This would be the country’s tallest resort hotel to date with 11 floors being managed by one of the most globally renowned brands,” he added, noting that it’s the tallest building outside Colombo. Mr. Wijesuriya said that choosing Weligama, located 143 kilometers from Colombo to construct this resort hotel, was because it is a popular tourist destination renowned for its sandy stretch of beaches.
He said that the room rate of this 200-room hotel would be around US$ 133. He said that Meetings, Incentives, Conferences, and Exhibitions (MICE) are a potential area they’re targeting for the resort. “We have a 5000 square feet ballroom and we plan to have India as a feeder market in terms of MICE,” he added.
Mr. Wijesuriya said that originally this hotel was slated to be under Marriott Hotels’ ‘Courtyard’ brand, which is placed at slightly lower echelon in their brands, but it ended up in Marriott Hotels and Resorts, which is a higher brand category as they were aiming for ‘higher standards’ with the hotel project.
“The Ritz-Carlton and the Marriott Hotels & Resorts are their highest brands and the rest – Renaissance Hotels & Resorts, EDITION Hotels, Autograph Collection, Courtyard, AC Hotels by Marriott Residence Inn, etc., comes thereafter,” he explained, adding that as they kept on pushing for higher standards, the project faced a brand creep which is a situation where one (generally smaller) brand graduates to a higher brand in the same family.
“For example the ordinary room size wasn’t right so we went for a bigger size,” he explained, adding that ultimately the standards specified for Marriott’s Courtyard brand were surpassed and they managed to touch Marriott Hotels and Resorts brand, which i Marriott International’s signature and most widely distributed brand.
“Earlier Marriott had a franchise with the Galadari Hotel where they lent their name which entails yearly site inspections,” Mr. Wijesuriya explained, noting that what they signed is a management contract where Marriott International will manage the property according to Marriott standards. He added that this project is ahead of its schedule and within the budget. He also said that a team from Marriott will train their staff periodically. He noted that Sri Lanka is becoming too costly as a destination. “The minimum room rates in Colombo guarantee that we’ll be expensive,” he noted, highlighting that it’s important to create a destination and that Sri Lanka needs to be conscious of the regional pricing. “One of the reasons we sold Intercontinental was because of the minimum room charges,” he said.
The company is planning to construct more world-class hotels and resorts in Colombo, Kandy, Hambantota, and Trincomalee as well as in the cultural triangle in the near future. Marriott International currently operates over 3,700 hotels in over 73 countries and territories around the globe.

Related Posts:Gardiner Group builds 120-room hotel in Kandy The Gardiner Group, owners of Ceylon Hotels Corporation (CHC) and the Galle Face Group having refurbished most of its hotels ...Aitken Spence hotels on Rs.7.7 bln refurbishment, construction drive Aitken Spence has invested approximately Rs.7.7 billion towards refurbishment of its hotels around the country, an official said.
This has been ...Landmark Celestial Tower sold at a bargain to new owner Celestial Tower. Pic by Susantha Liyanawatte

The revival of the state-acquired Celestial Residencies, better known as Celestial ...World-class tourism hub coming up near the BIA Sri Lanka’s first large scale tourism zone, in the Katana area, just adjacent to Colombo’s Bandaranaike International Airport, has been ...Prasanna’s classy fads and big dreams When entering his home at Rosmead Place, it's almost as if you stepped into a page from Narnia, a fantasy ...Share This Post
Tweet

FacebookTwitterEmailDeliciousDiggGoogleStumbleuponRedditTechnoratiYahooBloggerMyspace


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
comments powered by Disqus




Other Business Times Articles



							Landmark Celestial Tower sold at a bargain to new owner
						




							Harry J pays high bail of Rs 2 million  in securities fraud case
						




							US trade union ready to file another GSP case if needed
						




							IMF meets on July 20 to decide final tranche
						




							Tourism industry scrambles over rupee fluctuations
						




							F&G Trustees fail over 4,000 hapless depositors, warned by Supreme Court
						




							Drug company cheats and whistleblowing
						




							Labour laws important to achieve social justice
						




							Dialog’s new location-based Mobile Deal App
						




							Landmark Sri Lankan entrepreneurial exhibition in Oman
						




							Two Sri Lankan rebels with a cause: Propagating indigenous rice as a counter to climate change
						




							Overcoming the smallholder ‘Quality Penalty’ in agriculture
						




							Kelani Cables launches pre-packed antenna wire
						




							Police raid unnamed corporate firm for software piracy
						




							Abans in mega Shopping Mall project : Fitch report
						




							Dilmah Tea saga marred by disappointments, pain, sorrow, insults – says its founder
						




							Encourage more local cement manufacture- urges Tokyo Cement
						




							Young leaders discuss Sri Lanka vis-à-vis global economy at CCC economic summit
						




							Absence of Registrar General of Companies disrupts new business start up
						




							Sunil Wijesinha retires from Dankotuwa Porcelain
						




							UAE firm wants to revive KKS cement plant
						




							Questions over basis of new Sri Lankan accounting body
						




							Commercial banks get aligned for World Bank and tourism project
						




							Managing pavements and RDA priorities
						




							External auditors for finance firms
						




							Central Bank and EPF investments
						




							Role of Central Bank and bogus auditors
						




							World-class tourism hub coming up near the BIA
						




							Doubts cast over reaching $5 bln tea export target by 2020
						




							Smart investments
						




 


Search Sundaytimes













Home
Photo Gallery
Feeds
Archive
Sitemap
Contact Us
RSS
↑ The Sundaytimes Sri Lanka



The Sundaytimes Sri Lanka


Log in - 			
				
			 



Advertising Rates
Please contact the advertising office on 011 - 2479521 for the advertising rates.







Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.


















        East West Properties PLC (EAST.N0000 ) Stock Overview - LAND AND PROPERTY - Colombo Stock Exchange










































Colombo Stock Exchange

Close


					Current Exchange
Colombo Stock Exchange
LKCSE





Market time










Black


White






Home


Market


Companies


News


Mutual Funds


Analysis Tools


My Tools


Tell Me How


Take a Break





                    Login

                        Sign Up




            Most Actives

            Fair Values

            IPO Watch

            Earnings Announcements

            Today's Traded Stocks 

            Corporate Actions

            Company Search













                                    East West Properties PLC (EAST.N0000 )

                                     Stock Overview - LAND AND PROPERTY - Colombo Stock Exchange



Set Alert
Add to Watch List




                    Stock



                    Corporate Actions



                    Earnings



                    Fair Values



                    Fin .Statement



                    Profile



                    Announcements



                    News



                    Fin. Ratios



                    Reports






Stock











Other Stocks


EAST.N0000`C
                                (Colombo Stock Exchange)










                Last Update :
            


								03 Aug, 03:02 PM





13.00





                Change :
            

0.00
        	
        
    


                  
                






    



























	





	
		
			
		

		
			
		

		
			
		
	
	




	


    




    
    
        
        	
        	
        	
        		0.00%




                Volume :
            


0





                Turnover :
            


0.00





                Open :
            


							0.00




                Pre Close :
            


							13.00





Low
High
0.00
0.00









 
Open: 0.00









52Wk Low
52Wk High
11.00
16.80













                All prices are  delayed 5 minutes



                All prices in Sri Lankan Rupee













day
Week
1M
6M
1Y
3Y
YTD

Select Chart Type
Line
Candlestick
OHLC
Step
Column
Step No Risers











Stock statistics





Market Cap.


            1,797,120,000.00



Shareholders Equity


            1,333,388,000



Book Value


            9.65



P/B Ratio


            1.35



EPS (TTM)


            -0.11



P/E Ratio


            -122.08



Beta(based on ASI)


           -0.109



Required Rate of Return


            
                    -
                



Trading Currency


            Sri Lankan Rupee







News

More News











                                26 September


                                                Key Financials Announced as at Monday, 26th .




                                16 September


                                                Key Financials Announced as at Friday, 16th .














Company Statistics





Total Shares (Voting & Non-voting)


                138,240,000



Company Stated Capital


                Sri Lankan Rupee 1,212,000,000











Calendar of Events







            No result









Market Announcements

More Announcements











                                23 April


                                                THE KINGSBURY, PAN ASIA BANK, ROYAL .




                                17 December


                                                ON'ALLY HOLDINGS, EAST WEST PROPERTIES - .




                                13 December


                                                EAST WEST PROPERTIES, VIDULLANKA - DEALINGS .




                                12 December


                                                EAST WEST PROPERTIES - DEALINGS BY DIRECTORS




                                11 December


                                                EAST WEST PROPERTIES - DEALINGS BY DIRECTORS














Stocks in Focus


Watch List
Quotes





Features for Registered Users 



E-mail Alerts
Daily Newsletter
Your Watchlist
Advanced Tools
and
Many more





Will automatically display the last quotes you have visited here.































































            All Rights Reserved - DUInvest © 2014


 



			Data delayed 5 minutes

All Rights Reserved - DUInvest © 2014











Disclaimer |
            Contact Us  |
            Advertise With Us |
            Terms of Use

Privacy Policy   |
            Analysis Tools |
			Site Map







 






 



                            Login



	                            Sign Up




Quotes






                            Data is loading...




Watch List






                            Data is loading...




Alerts






                            Data is loading...









Login




                        Email address




                        Password




Remember me
Login




Reset password



                Do You have an Account ? ,
                
                    Click here to create a new account




Your Opinion Matters
What do you think about the new Website?




                        Name:
                    




                        Email:
                    




                         Comments:
                    




Send Now












East West Properties - Financial Report | Annual Revenue | Stock































































RPC










eastwest.lk - East-West Properties PLC




























HOME
ABOUT US
CATEGORIES
COUNTRIES
CONTACT



















www.eastwest.lk > Go to website
Look at the security of the sites
 Site Information

















                                        eastwest.lk was first crated on 1991-06-13. 
                                        
                                    



The site’s up time is 651 ms



Alexa Rank : 2307357




 Site 182.50.146.128 IP  
                                        ( - )
                                    








 




 Meta Information / www.eastwest.lk



 Title
East-West Properties PLC

Information :
Title, Meta Keywords and Meta Description are all HTML tags used for your site to be recognized by, and to give information to search engines.
                                            Title Use : <title> The title is a general description of your site between 10-80 characters</title>
Meta Description : <meta name="description" content="A short text describing your site in 50-200 characters" />
Meta Keywords : <meta name="Keywords" content="news, current events, last minute news,games, cinema, automobiles, internet, questionnaires, politics" /> these are categories and topics which will help define your sites use. 




 Website Page Speed / www.eastwest.lk








Ping Time

Ping Time : 651



Information :
Page Speed is the speed at which your site responds to commands input. It is more important and beneficial for your site to have this at a lower value. It’s important to work on keeping this speed value as low as possible.




 Location / www.eastwest.lk



Site IP : 182.50.146.128

                                        Hosting Country - City : 
 








Information :
This shows your sites IP address and its locations (physical location/s where is is based). You can see a more detailed view from the map.




 HTML Size Information / www.eastwest.lk









HTML Size
27 kb
HTML Compressed Size
20 kb
HTML Text Size
8 kb


Information :
Statistics regarding the size and concentration of HTML coding used.
                                            Size : Shows the size of the HTML used on your site. 
Compressed Size : This is the size of the HTML on your site once it has been compressed.
Text Size : This is the size of the pure text on your site, after HTML has been removed.




  HTML Information / www.eastwest.lk



Charset
www.eastwest.lk character sets was used as utf-8.
Site Code Type


css

                                        used as.
                                    
HTML Version
www.eastwest.lk HTML version was used as html3
Robots.txt

www.eastwest.lk/robots.txt
                                        using. We recommend using.
                                    
Site Cache

                                        www.eastwest.lk cache not using.

Site Responsive

                                        www.eastwest.lk responsive application 
                                            not using.


Information :

Charset :ASCII was the first character encoding standard (also called character set). ASCII defined 127 different alphanumeric characters that could be used on the internet: numbers (0-9), English letters (A-Z), and some special characters like ! $ + - ( ) @ < > .ANSI (Windows-1252) was the original Windows character set, with support for 256 different character codes.
Code Type : This shows what type of coding was used in the design of your site.
HTML Version : This shows the version od coding you used in the design of your site.
Robots.txt : This is to let the robots.txt used by the search engines, know how to navigate your site. We advise that you use robots.txt.
Responsive : Shows whether or not your site which is compatible with desktop computers, is also compatible with tablet computers and mobile devices. Use: you can show this with the tag : <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />.




www.eastwest.lk / Alexa Statistics



Alexa Rank : 2307357

Information :
alexa.com is the worlds largest website for ranking and listing websites` usage and user access.
                                            Rank : Is your sites rank among the other sites in the world.
Country Rank : Is your sites rank among the other sites in your country.
Most Search Queries : This shows how your site was found on search engines, which words were used to find your website.




 Google Statistics / www.eastwest.lk



Google PageRank
www.eastwest.lk website's Google PageRank is 0.
Google Analytic

                                        www.eastwest.lk'da Analytic  using. We recommend to use google analytic for see statistics.
                                    

Information :
google.com is the worlds highest profiting search engine and is the biggest source of user support with its many projects and developments.
                                            PageRank : Google ranks sites on a scale of 0-10. The higher the rank, the better and more beneficial this site is considered for Google. 

Analytic : Google, along with being the worlds largest search engine also provides many other great services. One of these provided services is Analytic. With a tiny code added to your site, Analytic allows you to track all user data on your site. A few of its free services are:
                                                
Real time user data
                                                        
User data in general
User data by location
Traffic sources


Audience view
                                                        
A retrospective view of all user entries and data
Desktop, Tablet and Mobile entries to your site


User Acquisition
User Behavior

                                                And many more statistics and content. 
                                            
                                        
                                    



  Social Media - Facebook / www.eastwest.lk








Information :
By sharing the content of your site on the above platform, your site becomes part of social media and you can drive more traffic to your site.




www.eastwest.lk / Whois Information



Create Date : 1991-06-13

Information :
This shows the information regarding the date that you bought your domain name and its expiry date.




www.eastwest.lk / Archive.org Information



First Record : 1907-04-29
Record Count : 66 record

Information :
archive.org is a not-for-profit organisation which archives the old versions of websites from all over the world for people to access. You can find your old site designs from this site.







Keyboard Mistakes Statistic
Other Extensions Statistic
Other Statistic




 www.astwest.lk www.dastwest.lk www.edastwest.lk www.deastwest.lk www.fastwest.lk www.efastwest.lk www.feastwest.lk www.rastwest.lk www.erastwest.lk www.reastwest.lk www.sastwest.lk www.esastwest.lk www.seastwest.lk www.wastwest.lk www.ewastwest.lk www.weastwest.lk www.estwest.lk www.eqstwest.lk www.eaqstwest.lk www.eqastwest.lk www.esstwest.lk www.easstwest.lk www.esastwest.lk www.ewstwest.lk www.eawstwest.lk www.ewastwest.lk www.ezstwest.lk www.eazstwest.lk www.ezastwest.lk www.eatwest.lk www.eaatwest.lk www.easatwest.lk www.eaastwest.lk www.eadtwest.lk www.easdtwest.lk www.eadstwest.lk www.eaetwest.lk www.easetwest.lk www.eaestwest.lk www.eawtwest.lk www.easwtwest.lk www.eawstwest.lk www.eaxtwest.lk www.easxtwest.lk www.eaxstwest.lk www.eaztwest.lk www.easztwest.lk www.eazstwest.lk www.easwest.lk www.eas5west.lk www.east5west.lk www.eas5twest.lk www.eas6west.lk www.east6west.lk www.eas6twest.lk www.easfwest.lk www.eastfwest.lk www.easftwest.lk www.easgwest.lk www.eastgwest.lk www.easgtwest.lk www.eashwest.lk www.easthwest.lk www.eashtwest.lk www.easrwest.lk www.eastrwest.lk www.easrtwest.lk www.easywest.lk www.eastywest.lk www.easytwest.lk www.eastest.lk www.east2est.lk www.eastw2est.lk www.east2west.lk www.east3est.lk www.eastw3est.lk www.east3west.lk www.eastaest.lk www.eastwaest.lk www.eastawest.lk www.eastqest.lk www.eastwqest.lk www.eastqwest.lk www.eastsest.lk www.eastwsest.lk www.eastswest.lk www.eastvest.lk www.eastwvest.lk www.eastvwest.lk www.eastwst.lk www.eastwdst.lk www.eastwedst.lk www.eastwdest.lk www.eastwfst.lk www.eastwefst.lk www.eastwfest.lk www.eastwrst.lk www.eastwerst.lk www.eastwrest.lk www.eastwsst.lk www.eastwesst.lk www.eastwsest.lk www.eastwwst.lk www.eastwewst.lk www.eastwwest.lk www.eastwet.lk www.eastweat.lk www.eastwesat.lk www.eastweast.lk www.eastwedt.lk www.eastwesdt.lk www.eastwedst.lk www.eastweet.lk www.eastweset.lk www.eastweest.lk www.eastwewt.lk www.eastweswt.lk www.eastwewst.lk www.eastwext.lk www.eastwesxt.lk www.eastwexst.lk www.eastwezt.lk www.eastweszt.lk www.eastwezst.lk www.eastwes5.lk www.eastwes5t.lk www.eastwest5.lk www.eastwes6.lk www.eastwes6t.lk www.eastwest6.lk www.eastwesf.lk www.eastwesft.lk www.eastwestf.lk www.eastwesg.lk www.eastwesgt.lk www.eastwestg.lk www.eastwesh.lk www.eastwesht.lk www.eastwesth.lk www.eastwesr.lk www.eastwesrt.lk www.eastwestr.lk www.eastwesy.lk www.eastwesyt.lk www.eastwesty.lk www.eastwes.lk





  www.eastwest.at  Register   www.eastwest.be  Register   www.eastwest.br  Register   www.eastwest.ca  Register   www.eastwest.cc  Register   www.eastwest.cl  Register   www.eastwest.cn  Register   www.eastwest.co.cr  Register   www.eastwest.co.id  Register   www.eastwest.co.il  Register   www.eastwest.co.jp  Register   www.eastwest.co.kr  Register   www.eastwest.co.nz  Register   www.eastwest.co.th  Register   www.eastwest.co.uk  Register   www.eastwest.com.ar  Register   www.eastwest.com.au  Register   www.eastwest.com.bo  Register   www.eastwest.com.br  Register   www.eastwest.com.cn  Register   www.eastwest.com.co  Register   www.eastwest.com.do  Register   www.eastwest.com.ec  Register   www.eastwest.com.fr  Register   www.eastwest.com.gr  Register   www.eastwest.com.hk  Register   www.eastwest.com.mx  Register   www.eastwest.com.my  Register   www.eastwest.com.pa  Register   www.eastwest.com.pe  Register   www.eastwest.com.ph  Register   www.eastwest.com.pk  Register   www.eastwest.com.pl  Register   www.eastwest.com.py  Register   www.eastwest.com.sg  Register   www.eastwest.com.tr  Register   www.eastwest.com.uk  Register   www.eastwest.com.uy  Register   www.eastwest.com.ve  Register   www.eastwest.com.vn  Register   www.eastwest.cz  Register   www.eastwest.de  Register   www.eastwest.dk  Register   www.eastwest.ec  Register   www.eastwest.edu.pk  Register   www.eastwest.es  Register   www.eastwest.eu  Register   www.eastwest.fi  Register   www.eastwest.fr  Register   www.eastwest.go.th  Register   www.eastwest.gob.mx  Register   www.eastwest.gov.au  Register   www.eastwest.gov.br  Register   www.eastwest.gov.co  Register   www.eastwest.gov.co.uk  Register   www.eastwest.gov.my  Register   www.eastwest.gov.ph  Register   www.eastwest.gov.sg  Register   www.eastwest.gov.tr  Register   www.eastwest.gov.uk  Register   www.eastwest.gr  Register   www.eastwest.hk  Register   www.eastwest.hr  Register   www.eastwest.hu  Register   www.eastwest.ie  Register   www.eastwest.is  Register   www.eastwest.it  Register   www.eastwest.jp  Register   www.eastwest.lt  Register   www.eastwest.lu  Register   www.eastwest.lv  Register   www.eastwest.md  Register   www.eastwest.mx  Register   www.eastwest.net.au  Register   www.eastwest.net.tr  Register   www.eastwest.nl  Register   www.eastwest.no  Register   www.eastwest.org.br  Register   www.eastwest.org.mx  Register   www.eastwest.org.tr  Register   www.eastwest.org.uk  Register   www.eastwest.ph  Register   www.eastwest.pl  Register   www.eastwest.pt  Register   www.eastwest.ro  Register   www.eastwest.ru  Register   www.eastwest.se  Register   www.eastwest.sg  Register   www.eastwest.sk  Register   www.eastwest.tk  Register   www.eastwest.to  Register   www.eastwest.tv  Register   www.eastwest.uk  Register   www.eastwest.us  Register   www.eastwest.ve  Register   www.eastwest.vn  Register 




w ww.eastwest.lk  13,156%-506ww w.eastwest.lk  3,276%-126www .eastwest.lk  12,298%-473www. eastwest.lk  5,356%-206www..eastwest.lk  2,366%-91web.mail.eastwest.lk  3,744%-144smtp.eastwest.lk  18,304%-704httpwww.eastwest.lk  22,490%-865http.www.eastwest.lk  10,088%-388htp.eastwest.lk  16,302%-627httpeastwest.lk  0,442%-17ftp.eastwest.lk  2,704%-104htp:/eastwest.lk  2,028%-78htp.www.eastwest.lk  2,756%-106htttp://eastwest.lk  15,262%-587http/eastwest.lk  11,284%-434http:/eastwest.lk  6,76%-260http/eastwest.lk  14,482%-557http./eastwest.lk  24,544%-944http:eastwest.lk  23,66%-910htpp:/eastwest.lk  8,424%-324https.www.eastwest.lk  2,756%-106wwwwweastwest.lk  18,902%-727https:eastwest.lk  24,050%-925www/eastwest.lk  5,278%-203ww.w.eastwest.lk  20,306%-781comeastwest.lk  9,671%-509,comeastwest.lk  2,394%-126:comeastwest.lk  5,7%-300.omeastwest.lk  14,592%-768.domeastwest.lk  4,636%-244.fomeastwest.lk  14,896%-784.vomeastwest.lk  13,452%-708.xomeastwest.lk  12,901%-679.cmeastwest.lk  14,668%-772.c0meastwest.lk  2,508%-132.c9meastwest.lk  11,096%-584.cimeastwest.lk  16,302%-858.ckmeastwest.lk  16,986%-894.clmeastwest.lk  9,633%-507.cpmeastwest.lk  12,958%-682.coeastwest.lk  2,622%-138.cojeastwest.lk  9,082%-478.cokeastwest.lk  12,236%-644.coneastwest.lk  7,847%-413



See More


 WRITE COMMENT 























Follow these domains whois information




 www.eastwest.com  Lookup  www.eastwest.net  Lookup  www.eastwest.org  Lookup  www.eastwest.info  Lookup  www.eastwest.biz  Lookup  www.eastwest.name  Lookup  www.eastwest.eu  Lookup  www.eastwest.co  Lookup  www.eastwest.tk  Lookup  www.eastwest.tv  Lookup 






 -->
                            
                            





Category 





TV




Films




Animal




Free




Love




Live




Download




Player




Sport




Pharmacy




School




Football




Basket




Handball




Radio




Fashion




Newspaper




News




Country




Domains




Cinema




Famous



Last Added Sites




www.creamrdaslimurah.com


0





www.sewaelfjakarta.co


0





www.buanasewaelf.com


0





www.r2plan.com


0





www.edricweb.com


0





www.livindocontractor.com


0





www.seversk.do.am


0





www.getresultway.in


0





www.carnelli.ru


0





www.prepagosbogota69.com


0





www.Mgbay13.Blogspot.com


0





www.oskconsultant.in


0





www.mobwapi.in


0





www.textloannocreditcheck.org.uk


0





www.cleandaylondon.com


0





www.cls.com.ua


0





www.shamrocksolutionsllc.co.uk


0





www.shopers.com.ua


0





www.torontopearsonairportlimoser..


0





www.avanticamberley.co.uk


0





Top Sites




www.blastwaves.com


0





www.blastyourproject.wordpress.c..


0





www.blastyourtrack.com


0





www.blastzonebouncehouses.com


0





www.blatantworld.com


0





www.blatausa.com


0





www.blatchat.com


0





www.blatek.com


0





www.blatheringsblog.com


0





www.blatic.com


0





www.blatmanpainclinic.com


0





www.blatner.com


0





www.blatny.com


0





www.blattbilliards.com


0





www.blau-hotels-cuba.com


0





www.blauenltd.com


0





www.blauer.com


0





www.blaugranas.com


0





www.blauhotels.com


0





www.blauhotelsblanes.com


0





www.blaumarhotel.com


0





www.blaumarhotelsalou.com


0





www.bridesmaiddressshow.com


0





www.bridesmaidessentials.com


0





www.bridesmaidexpress.com


0





Country Visitor




Australia (474076)

(8)





Bulgaria (836018)

(8)





Brazil (427136)

(4)





China (56659)

(10)





Dominican Republic (293168)

(9)





Spain (134533)

(3)





France (316794)

(12)





Indonesia (400435)

(8)





India (137987)

(6)





Japan (622769)

(17)





Poland (225627)

(11)





Thailand (784422)

(6)





Taiwan (172727)

(2)





United Kingdom (938234)

(11)





United States (30866)

(4)





Russia (107902)

(1)





Similar Sites




www.eastwest.org


4





www.eastwest24.de


0





www.eastwestacademy.net


0





www.eastwestacupuncturecenter.co..


0





www.eastwestair.com


0





www.eastwestaircraft.com


0





www.eastwestapparel.co.uk


0





www.eastwestapps.com


0





www.eastwestarchitecture.co.uk


0





www.eastwestautos.com


1





www.eastwestautotransport.com


0





www.eastwestbachelorgulch.com


0





www.eastwestbakery.com


0





www.eastwestbank.com


5





www.eastwestbank.com.cn


0





www.eastwestbank.com.ph


0





www.eastwestbanker.com


4





www.eastwestbanker.com.ph


0





www.eastwestbankhb.com


5





www.eastwestbazaar.com


0




























