
















Asset Management



















































































 























Topics



What's New



Apple's Magic: Bulls See 8% Upside




Stock Sell-offs on Robust Profits Is a Red Flag


Topics

News
Financial Advisors
Markets
Anxiety Index
Investing
Managing Wealth
ETFs
The Trump Economy
Retirement
Personal Finance
Trading
ETFs Made Simple
Tech
Life Stages
Small Business
Bitcoin





Reference



Dictionary
Term Of The Day

Total Return Swap
A swap agreement in which one party makes payments based on a set rate, either fixed ... 
Read More »



Broker Reviews




Find the best broker for your trading or investing needs
See Reviews



Latest Videos


Influence: Terri Kallsen


Guides

Stock Basics
Economics Basics
Options Basics


Exam Prep

Series 7 Exam
CFA Level 1
Series 65 Exam





Advisors




Advisor Insights
Our network of expert financial advisors field questions from our community.
Ask A Question



Join Advisor Insights
Are you a financial advisor? Showcase your expertise to 20+ million investors.
Join Now



Financial Advisors
Sophisticated content for financial advisors around investment strategies, industry trends, and advisor education.


Find an Advisor

Atlanta
Los Angeles
Boston
New York
Houston





Markets




Markets
The latest markets news, real time quotes, financials and more.



Watchlist
Track stocks and ETFs
Add New Watchlist





Simulator




Stock Simulator
Trade with a starting balance of $100,000 and zero risk!



FX Trader
Trade the Forex market risk free using our free Forex trading simulator.






NEW
                                Academy
                            




Investopedia Academy
Learn from the world's leader in financial education
Check out all courses


Featured Courses



Become a day trader
Start Learning



Excel for Finance
Start Learning



Latest Courses


                                            Become a Day Trader
                                        

                                            Excel for Finance
                                        

                                            Fundamental Investing
                                        

                                            Coming soon: Financial Modeling
                                        

                                            All Courses
                                        






















Site Log In


Advisor Insights Log In



Newsletters

























Asset Management









Share










































Loading the player...
















 

What is 'Asset Management'
Asset management is the direction of a client's cash and securities by a financial services company, usually an investment bank. The institution offers investment services along with a wide range of traditional and alternative product offerings that might not be available to the average investor. The account is held by a financial institution and includes checking writing privileges, credit cards, debit cards, margin loans, the automatic sweep of cash balances into a money market fund and brokerage services.

      
BREAKING DOWN 'Asset Management'
      The investment minimums required for this service generally restrict accounts to high net-worth individuals, government entities, corporations and financial intermediaries. This includes such products as equity, fixed income, real estate, commodities and international investments.When individuals deposit money into the account, it is placed into a money market fund that offers a greater return that can be found in regular savings and checking accounts. Account holders can choose between Federal Deposit Insurance Company-backed (FDIC) funds and non-FDIC funds. The added benefit to account holders is all of their banking and investing needs can be serviced by the same institution rather than having separate brokerage account and banking options.These types of accounts resulted from the passing of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in 1997, which replaced the Glass-Steagall Act. The Glass-Steagall Act was created during the Great Depression and did not allow financial institutions to offer both banking and security services.Asset Management Account SnapshotMerrill Lynch offers a Cash Management Account (CMA) to fulfill the needs of clients who wish to pursue banking and investment options with one vehicle, under one roof. The account gives investors access to a personal financial advisor. This advisor offers advice and a range of investment options that include initial public offerings (IPO) in which Merrill Lynch may participate, as well as foreign currency transactions.Interest rates for cash deposits are tiered. Deposit accounts can be linked together so that all eligible funds aggregate to receive the appropriate rate. Securities held in the account fall under the protective umbrella of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). SIPC does not shield investor assets from inherent risk but rather protects those assets from financial failure of the brokerage firm itself.Along with typical check writing services, the account offers worldwide access to Bank of America automated teller machines (ATM) without transaction fees. Bill payment services, fund transfers and wire transfers are available. The MyMerrill app allows users to access the account and perform a number of basic functions via a mobile device. Accounts with more than $250,000 in eligible assets sidestep both the annual $125 fee and the $25 assessment applied to each subaccount held.






  


 









 




Trading Center




















                                                    Checking Account                                            




                                                    Bank Deposits                                            




                                                    Money Market Account                                            




                                                    Call Deposit Account                                            




                                                    Financial Institution - FI                                            




                                                    Automatic Transfer Service - ATS                                            




                                                    Demand Deposit                                            




                                                    Linked Savings Account                                            




                                                    Joint Account                                            




Next Up 

































 

Dictionary:
#
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z




Content Library
Articles
Terms
Videos
Guides
Slideshows
FAQs
Calculators
Chart Advisor
Stock Analysis
Stock Simulator
FXtrader
Exam Prep Quizzer
Net Worth Calculator




Connect With Investopedia
























Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers




Get Free Newsletters
Newsletters









Work With Investopedia
About Us
Advertise With Us
Write For Us
Contact Us
Careers



© 2017, Investopedia, LLC.

All Rights Reserved
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
































Asset management - Wikipedia





















 






Asset management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Business administration


Management of a business




Types of business


Company

Joint-stock company
Limited liability company
Privately held company
Conglomerate
State-owned enterprise










Business entity


Cooperative
Sole proprietorship
Partnership
Corporation








Corporate governance


Annual general meeting
Board of directors
Supervisory board
Advisory board








Corporate titles


Chairman

Chief executive officer (CEO)
Chief financial officer (CFO)
Chief information officer (CIO)
Chief human resources officer (CHRO)
Chief business officer (CBO)
Chief technology officer (CTO)








Economy


Commodity
Public economics
Labour economics
Development economics
International economics
Mixed economy
Planned economy
Econometrics
Environmental economics
Open economy
Market economy
Knowledge economy
Microeconomics
Macroeconomics
Economic development
Economic statistics








Corporate law


Commercial law
Constitutional documents
Contract
Corporate crime
Corporate liability
Insolvency law
International trade law
Mergers and acquisitions








Finance


Financial statement
Insurance
Factoring
Cash conversion cycle
Insider dealing
Capital budgeting
Commercial bank
Derivative
Financial statement analysis
Financial risk
Public finance
Corporate finance
Managerial finance
International finance
Liquidation
Stock market
Financial market
Tax
Financial institution
Working capital
Venture capital








Accounting


Management accounting
Financial accounting
Financial audit








Trade


Business analysis
Business ethics
Business plan
Business judgment rule
Consumer behaviour
Business operations
International business
Business model
International trade
Business process
Business statistics








Organization


Architecture
Behavior
Communication
Culture
Conflict
Development
Engineering
Hierarchy
Patterns
Space
Structure








Society


Marketing
Marketing research
Public relations








Types of management


Asset
Brand
Business intelligence
Capacity
Change

innovation


Commercial

marketing


Communications
Configuration
Conflict
Content
Customer relationship
Distributed
Earned value
Electronic business
Enterprise resource planning 

management information system


Financial
Human resource 

development


Incident
Integrated
Knowledge
Materials
Network
Office
Operations 

services


Performance
Power
Problem
Process
Product life-cycle
Product
Project
Quality
Records
Resource
Risk 

crisis


Sales
Security
Service
Strategic
Supply chain
Systems

administrator


Talent
Technology








 Business and economics portal







v
t
e





Asset management, broadly defined, refers to any system that monitors and maintains things of value to an entity or group. It may apply to both tangible assets (such as buildings) and to intangible assets such as human capital, intellectual property, goodwill and/or financial assets). Asset management is a systematic process of deploying, operating, maintaining, upgrading, and disposing of assets cost-effectively.
The term is most commonly used in the financial sector to describe people and companies that manage investments on behalf of others. These include, for example, investment managers that manage the assets of a pension fund.
Alternative views of asset management in the engineering environment are: the practice of managing assets to achieve the greatest return (particularly useful for productive assets such as plant and equipment), and the process of monitoring and maintaining facilities systems, with the objective of providing the best possible service to users in all dimensions (appropriate for public infrastructure assets).



Contents


1 By industry

1.1 Financial asset management
1.2 Infrastructure asset management
1.3 Enterprise asset management
1.4 Public asset management


2 See also
3 References
4 Further reading



By industry[edit]
Financial asset management[edit]
The most common usage of the term "asset manager" refers to investment management, the sector of the financial services industry that manages investment funds and segregated client accounts. Asset management is part of a financial company which employs experts who manage money and handle the investments of clients. From studying the client's assets to planning and looking after the investments, all things are looked after by the asset managers and recommendations are provided based on the financial health of each client.
Infrastructure asset management[edit]
Main article: Infrastructure asset management
Infrastructure asset management is the combination of management, financial, economic, engineering, and other practices applied to physical assets with the objective of providing the required level of service in the most cost-effective manner. It includes the management of the entire lifecycle—including design, construction, commissioning, operating, maintaining, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal—of physical and infrastructure assets.[1] Operation and maintenance of assets in a constrained budget environment require a prioritization scheme. As a way of illustration, the recent development of renewable energy has seen the rise of effective asset managers involved in the management of solar systems (solar park, rooftops and windmills). These teams are actually more and more teaming-up with financial asset managers in order to offer turnkey solutions to investors. Infrastructure asset management became very important in most of the developed countries in the 21st century, since their infrastructure network was almost completed in the 20th century and they have to manage to operate and maintain them cost-effectively.[2] Software asset management is one kind of infrastructure asset management.
Enterprise asset management[edit]
Enterprise asset management is the business of processing and enabling information systems that support management of an organization's assets, both physical assets, called "tangible", and non-physical, "intangible" assets[citation needed].

Physical asset management: the practice of managing the entire lifecycle (design, construction, commissioning, operating, maintaining, repairing, modifying, replacing and decommissioning/disposal) of physical and infrastructure assets such as structures, production and service plant, power, water and waste treatment facilities, distribution networks, transport systems, buildings and other physical assets. It is related to asset health management.
Infrastructure asset management expands on this theme in relation primarily to public sector, utilities, property and transport systems. Additionally, Asset Management can refer to shaping the future interfaces amongst the human, built, and natural environments through collaborative and evidence-based decision processes
Fixed assets management: an accounting process that seeks to track fixed assets for the purposes of financial accounting
IT asset management: the set of business practices that join financial, contractual and inventory functions to support life cycle management and strategic decision making for the IT environment. This is also one of the processes defined within IT service management
Digital asset management: a form of electronic media content management that includes digital assets

Public asset management[edit]





The neutrality of this section is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please do not remove this message until conditions to do so are met. (April 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Public asset management, also called corporate[contradictory] asset management, expands the definition of enterprise asset management (EAM) by incorporating the management of all things of value to a municipal jurisdiction and its citizens' expectations. An example in which public asset management is used is land-use development and planning.
An EAM requires an asset registry (inventory of assets and their attributes) combined with a computerized maintenance management system (CMMS). All public assets are interconnected and share proximity, possible through the use of geographic information systems (GIS).
A GIS-centric public asset management standardizes data and allows interoperability, providing users the capability to reuse, coordinate, and share information in an efficient and effective manner by making the GIS geo-database the asset registry. A GIS platform combined with information of both the "hard" and "soft" assets helps to remove the traditional silos of structured municipal functions. While the hard assets are the typical physical assets or infrastructure assets, the soft assets of a municipality includes permits, license, code enforcement, right-of-ways and other land-focused work activities.
The GIS platform is only an assisting tool; asset managers need to make informed decisions about their assets in order to fulfill their organizational goals. While geospatially displayed information can assist in decision-making, the deep understanding of markets, engineering systems, and human interaction enabled by analysis and synthesis of information not found in GIS systems is also present.
See also[edit]

List of asset management firms
P2P Asset Management
Robo-advisor

References[edit]



^ Local Government & Municipal Knowledge Base
^ Vanier, D. (2001) Why Industry Needs Asset Management Tools. ASCE Journal of Computing in Civil Engineering. Vol 15(1)



Further reading[edit]

Baird, G. "Defining Public Asset Management for Municipal Water Utilities". Journal American Water Works Association May 2011, 103:5:30, www.awwa.org



Library resources about
Asset management





Resources in your library










v
t
e


General areas of finance






Computational finance
Experimental finance
Financial economics
Financial institutions
Financial markets
Investment management
Mathematical finance
Personal finance
Public finance
Quantitative behavioral finance
Quantum finance
Statistical finance












v
t
e


Financial risk and financial risk management



Categories




Credit risk



Concentration risk
Consumer credit risk
Credit derivative
Securitization





Market risk



Commodity risk (e.g. Volume risk, Basis risk, Shape risk, Holding period risk, Price area risk)
Equity risk
FX risk
Margining risk
Interest rate risk
Volatility risk
Liquidity risk (e.g. Refinancing risk)





Operational risk



Operational risk management
Legal risk
Political risk
Reputational risk
Valuation risk





Other



Profit risk
Settlement risk
Systemic risk








Modeling



Market portfolio
Modern portfolio theory
RAROC
Risk-free rate
Risk parity
Sharpe ratio
Value-at-Risk (VaR) and extensions Profit at risk, Margin at risk, Liquidity at risk





Basic concepts



Diversification
Expected return
Hazard
Hedge
Risk
Risk pool
Systematic risk








Financial economics
Investment management
Mathematical finance










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Asset_management&oldid=792654391"					
Categories: Management accountingAsset managementValuation (finance)Hidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2015All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2017NPOV disputes from April 2014All NPOV disputesAll self-contradictory articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaČeštinaDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیతెలుగు中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 20:23.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 








Financial Assets Management Group S.A. Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Financial Assets Management Group S.A.     







 


 Poland                
Financial Assets Management Group S.A.
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Management of Companies and Enterprises
Available in: English & Polish
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                Ul. Naruszewicz 24/101                                
                                Warsaw;                                Mazowieckie;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 02-627                                                            

Tel: +48 (22) 397
Fax: +48 (22) 397




Email:
@psgsa.pl                            

Website:
http://www.psgsa.pl 



 

Company Description                    




                        Financial Asset Management Group S.A. is a leading entity for holding companies, whose activities focus on the provision of telecommunications services. The core business of the company is managing a group of subsidiaries, creating and managing their offer as a whole, planning and implementation of the strategy for the group, organization of financing development projects and supervision over the investments.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 




IT asset management - Wikipedia





















 






IT asset management

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


IT asset management (ITAM) is the set of business practices that join financial, contractual and inventory functions to support life cycle management and strategic decision making for the IT environment. Assets include all elements of software and hardware that are found in the business environment.
IT asset management (also called IT inventory management) is an important part of an organization's strategy. It usually involves gathering detailed hardware and software inventory information which is then used to make decisions about hardware and software purchases and redistribution. IT inventory management helps organizations manage their systems more effectively and saves time and money by avoiding unnecessary asset purchases and promoting the harvesting of existing resources. Organizations that develop and maintain an effective IT asset management program further minimize the incremental risks and related costs of advancing IT portfolio infrastructure projects based on old, incomplete and/or less accurate information.



Contents


1 Hardware Asset Management
2 Role of IT asset management in an organization
3 IT Asset Disposition
4 ISO
5 Process
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



Hardware Asset Management[edit]
Hardware asset management entails the management of the physical components of computers and computer networks, from acquisition through disposal. Common business practices include request and approval process, procurement management, life cycle management,[1] redeployment and disposal management. A key component is capturing the financial information about the hardware life cycle which aids the organization in making business decisions based on meaningful and measurable financial objectives.
Software Asset Management is a similar process, focusing on software assets, including licenses, versions and installed endpoints.
Role of IT asset management in an organization[edit]
The IT Asset Management function is the primary point of accountability for the life-cycle management of information technology assets throughout the organization.
Included in this responsibility are development and maintenance of policies, standards, processes, systems and measurements that enable the organization to manage the IT Asset Portfolio with respect to risk, cost, control, IT Governance, compliance and business performance objectives as established by the business.
IT Asset Management uses integrated software solutions that work with all departments that are involved in the procurement, deployment, management and expense reporting of IT assets.
IT Asset Disposition[edit]
When assets need to be removed from the enterprise, they move through various disposition processes. Commonly they are handed over to an IT Asset Disposition vendor to be recycled or destroyed. Assets should be managed properly after going offline to ensure they do not get lost prior to reaching the vendor. The vendor of choice should then have secure procedures for tracking assets during the entire time of their possession. After proper disposal, the vendor provides a certificate of destruction with the serial numbers of assets they destroyed and recycled. The company should then verify the serial numbers on their certificate of destruction with the assets they know they handed over to the vendor. Tracking assets that are offline, prior to disposal, should be approached with the same efficiency and security as when those same assets are online. A good method for choosing a destruction vendor is to find a NAID certified company. They have a corporate responsibility to dispose of e-waste properly to ensure a healthy environment. Look into donation programs in your area.
ISO[edit]
The International Standards Organization (ISO) has a family of standards for IT Asset Management. The ISO 19770 family consists of 4 major parts,

19770-1 is a process related standard which outlines best practices for IT Asset Management in an organization. The latest revision dates to 2012 and breaks ITAM processes down into 4 tiers in a maturity matrix.
19770-2 is a standard for machine encapsulation (in the form of an XML file known as a SWID tag) of inventory data – allowing users to easily identify what software is deployed on a given device. Initially published in 2009, this standard is currently under redevelopment and is likely to be republished in 2015.
19770-3 is a standard which provides a schema for machine encapsulation of entitlements and rights associated with software licenses. The records (known as ENT’s) will describe all entitlements and rights attendant to a piece of software and the method for measurement of license/entitlement consumption. This standard is due for submission as a Draft International Standard in 2014 with a view to publication in 2015.
19770-4 allows for standardized reporting of utilization of resources. This is crucial when considering complex datacentre license types and for management of cloud based software and hardware (SaaS and IaaS). 19770-4 was proposed in 2012 and should be published in 2015.

These standards help organizations better understand IT Asset Management best practices and collect and manage the data required in IT Asset Management processes.
Process[edit]
ITAM business practices are process-driven and matured through iterative and focused improvements. Most successful ITAM programs are invasive to the organization, involving everyone at some level, such as end users (educating on compliance), budget managers (redeployment as a choice), IT service departments (providing information on warranties), and finance (invoice reconciliation, updates for fixed asset inventories).
IT asset management generally uses automation, including the use small "passive" RFID tags designed to fit all types of IT assets and smart software designed to track the RFID-tagged asset locations automatically, to manage the discovery of assets, so inventory can be compared to ownership information. Full business management of IT assets requires a repository of multiple types of information about the asset, as well as integration with other systems such as supply chain, help desk, procurement and HR systems and ITSM.
For small and medium-sized businesses, a solution might not have to be so robust as to influence many departments. However, IT assets still need to be tracked for risk management, accurate resource and budget allocation, and accountability of assets' whereabouts. A good solution for small businesses will enable them to search for assets they currently own, manage online and offline assets, and plan accurately for the future. These tasks, however, should be simple, secure and efficient because a small business IT professional's time is very valuable.
See also[edit]

Configuration management database
ISO/IEC 19770
License manager
Software licensing audit

References[edit]



^ "Hardware Asset Management: Withdrawn/Discontinued Computer & Server Equipment". IT Xchange. 



External links[edit]

International Association of Information Technology Asset Managers IAITAM





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=IT_asset_management&oldid=792654205"					
Categories: Information technology managementAsset managementHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from July 2015All articles needing additional references 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 20:22.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 










Homepage | Man Group























































Menu




Taiwan


Login


























Man Group. Always evolving.
Technology-empowered active investment management focused on delivering performance and client portfolio solutions.














An Overview of Man Group





   

 
 
 





Man Group. Founded 1783.

We are an active investment management firm focused on delivering attractive performance and client portfolio solutions, deploying the latest technology across our business to help ensure we stay at the forefront of our evolving industry.
Our five investment management businesses leverage our world-class infrastructure to provide a diverse range of strategies across investment approaches, styles and asset classes.
We continuously invest in talent, technology and research as we strive to deliver the best results for our clients.


Learn more about Man Group



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Our Strategies







Man AHL. Founded 1987.

Man AHL is a diversified quantitative investment manager that has been a pioneer in the application of systematic trading since 1987.
The firm applies innovative quantitative methods to locate potential opportunities in more than 600 markets worldwide.
Man AHL manages $19.2bn* in assets for institutional and private clients globally across a range of momentum and non-momentum driven strategies.


Learn more about Man AHL



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Man AHL Strategies







Man Numeric. Founded 1989.

Man Numeric, established in 1989 and acquired by Man Group in 2014, is a Boston-based, quantitative equity manager that invests in almost every equity market in the world.
The firm employs disciplined, systematic investment processes that are underpinned by a robust fundamental approach.
Man Numeric manages $27.3bn* for institutional clients globally, including corporate and public pension plans, foundations, endowments, and sovereign wealth funds.


Learn more about Man Numeric



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Man Numeric Strategies







Man GLG. Founded 1995.

Founded in 1995 and acquired by Man Group in 2010, Man GLG is a discretionary fund manager that is active across alternative and long-only strategies, investing in equity and credit.
The firm fosters leading investment talent within a collaborative environment. Its portfolio managers are unconstrained by a house view.
Man GLG currently manages $31.2bn* for a range of institutional and private clients globally.


Learn more about Man GLG



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Man GLG Strategies







Man FRM. Founded 1991.

Founded in 1991 and acquired by Man Group in 2012, Man FRM is a hedge fund investment specialist, providing investment and advisory services.
The firm offers commingled fund of hedge funds, customised and advisory solutions and outsourced research and consulting, all of which can be enhanced by Man FRM’s managed account platform.
Man FRM manages $16.2bn* for a predominantly institutional client base.


Learn more about Man FRM



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Man FRM Strategies







Man GPM. Founded 2017.

Man Global Private Markets ('Man GPM') is Man Group’s investment engine for private markets. The firm aims to broaden Man Group’s offering into illiquid assets such as real estate, credit and infrastructure, in order to make our offering to clients as comprehensive as possible.
In a low yield environment private markets can offer truly differentiated return streams, and yields unavailable in the public sphere. We believe that Man Group’s infrastructural capacity can provide the platform to give our clients access to these areas.


Learn more about Man GPM



Diversified Offering. Institutional Framework.


View Man GPM Strategies





* as at 30 June 2017









News & Perspectives




 Environmental, Social and Corporate GovernanceAt Man Group, we believe that responsible investing is fundamental to fulfilling our fiduciary duty. Learn more about what we are doing in the area of responsible and ESG investing.
FRM Early View June 2017June was a mixed month for hedge fund returns, with Equity Long-Short and Relative Value strategies generally performing well on increased single security alpha, while Credit and Global Macro struggled.
Man Booker PrizeThe longlist, or ‘Man Booker Dozen’, for the £50,000 Man Booker Prize was announced Thursday 27 July 2017.


Man GPM AaltoMan GPM Aalto (‘Aalto’) forms the real assets business of Man GPM. Aalto is a real asset investment manager offering differentiated debt and equity strategies in commercial and residential real estate. 
Join the Man Group teamWe pride ourselves on the quality of our people; joining Man Group means becoming part of a high calibre team.
PerspectivesAt Man Group, we believe that different investment styles and approaches can be effective and beneficial to each other as we challenge consensus and convention.
AHL ExplainsNarrated by Man AHL's Chief Scientist, Dr Anthony Ledford, the ‘AHL Explains’ video series explores key concepts in futures trend following programmes – bringing each concept to life by focusing on principles, not details.
























 Please select your country



Europe, Middle East, Africa

Austria
Belgium
Cyprus
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Ireland
Italy
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway
Portugal
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom


Select from Europe, Middle East, Africa
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Benin
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Congo
Congo, The Democratic Republic of the
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Czech Republic
Djibouti
Ecuador
Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faroe Islands
French Guiana
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Hungary
Iceland
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Isle of Man
Israel
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Lithuania
Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Malta
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Oman
Palestine, State of
Poland
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Togo
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uzbekistan
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Americas

United States


Select from Americas
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bermuda
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Brazil
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Cuba
Curaçao
Dominica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Jamaica
Martinique
Mexico
Montserrat
Netherlands Antilles
Nicaragua
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Puerto Rico
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Suriname
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.



Asia-Pacific

Australia
Hong Kong
New Zealand
Singapore


Select from Asia-Pacific
Afghanistan
American Samoa
Antarctica
Bouvet Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Cambodia
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Cook Islands
Fiji
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Guam
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
India
Indonesia
Japan
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Macao
Malaysia
Maldives
Marshall Islands
Micronesia, Federated States of
Mongolia
Myanmar
Nauru
Nepal
New Caledonia
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Pakistan
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Philippines
Pitcairn
Samoa
San Marino
Solomon Islands
Sri Lanka
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Tokelau
Tonga
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna

















Please update your browser


Unfortunately we no longer support Internet Explorer 8, 7 and older for security reasons.
Please update your browser to a later version and try to access our site again.
Many thanks.







 



Our financial services in your country  | UBS Taiwan















































                Site title
            



                Site content
            





UBS
Taiwan




Service navigation





Taiwan


Please select your country of domicile

Global homepage




Europe





Austria
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Iceland


Italy
Jersey
Monaco
Luxembourg
Netherlands
Norway


Russia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom



More branches and offices in Europe




North America





Canada







United States




Asia Pacific





Australia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia


Japan
Korea
Malaysia
New Zealand


Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand



More branches and offices in Asia Pacific




Middle East & Africa





Bahrain
Israel
Lebanon


Qatar
Saudi Arabia


South Africa
United Arab Emirates



More branches and offices in Middle East Africa




Latin America & Caribbean





Bahamas
Brazil


Chile
Colombia


Mexico
Panama



More branches and offices in Latin America & Caribbean





中文

Contact


Offices and contacts in TaiwanReport Misconduct





Global search


Search



Account login
Account login

Corporate & Institutions

Investment Bank Client PortalUBS Neo



More logins























pause















UBS in Taiwan



















Latest Group news:





UBS's second-quarter 2017 resultsUBS's second-quarter 2017 results
+++

















Scroll







UBS in Taiwan




















UBS is a global firm providing financial services to private, corporate and institutional clients. We are present in all major financial centers and have offices in over 50 countries.
In Taiwan, we offer wealth management, investment banking and asset management services. Explore our site to learn more about what we offer in Taiwan.  






					
				
			



    Media Asia-Pacific
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Services for
Individuals








					
				
			



    Wealth Management
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Your relationship with UBS
    


			
			
				
				
				













Services for
Corporates




Asset Management 






					
				
			



    UBS Asset management (Taiwan) Ltd.
    


			
			
				
				
				






















  The products, services, information and/or materials contained within these web pages may not be available for residents of certain jurisdictions. Please consult the sales restrictions relating to the products or services in question for 
 further information. 























Offices and contacts












    Locations in Taiwan
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Wealth Management contact
    


			
			
				
				
				





















Scroll


Back to top







Global capabilities
Our services around the world

















Wealth Management




UBS offers high net worth and affluent individuals around the world a complete range of tailored advice and investment services.
Our spectrum ranges from investment management to estate planning and corporate finance advice, in addition to specific wealth management products and services.






					
				
			



    Wealth Management overview
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Asset Management




UBS offers investment capabilities across traditional and alternative asset classes for private clients, intermediaries and institutional investors.






					
				
			



    Asset Management overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Asset Management in your country
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds)
    


			
			
				
				
				
















Investment Bank




A global financial services firm with a focused model built around clients and their needs, with an emphasis on informed advice, tailored ideas and solutions and best-in-class execution.
Advisory, capital markets and bespoke financing. Equities and equity linked products. FX, rates and credit. Award-winning research¹.

1 ‘All Europe Research Team’, Institutional Investor, 2015







					
				
			



    Investment Bank overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




















UBS. The bank for banks.
We help banks to extend their offers and transform their cost structures. Services include market intelligence, business execution, liquidity provision, processing and client servicing.






					
				
			



    Learn more
    


			
			
				
				
				














Financial intermediaries
Our solutions for independent financial advisors and wealth managers include research, infrastructure and a broad range of products and services. 






					
				
			



    Learn more
    


			
			
				
				
				














Banking in Switzerland
UBS provides a complete set of banking services for individual, corporate and institutional clients.






					
				
			



    Wealth Management
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Retail Banking for private clients
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Corporations and institutions
    


			
			
				
				
				





































Scroll


Back to top







Following the markets
Financial market data, indices and UBS Quotes

















Market overview

Market Overview Table


Symbol
Last
Time
Trading Center




CAC 40
5091.73

10:26:00

[Paris]


DAX
12123

10:46:58

[Frankfurt]


Dow Jones
22016.24

16:40:40

[New York]


EURO STOXX
3443.93

10:46:45

[Zurich]


Hang Seng
27531.01

16:09:36

[Hong Kong]


NASDAQ 100 Index
5914.23013

[New York]


SMI
9120.33

11:01:47

[Zurich]


DJ Stoxx 50
3081.02

10:46:45

[Zurich]






Further indices




















UBS Quotes




Discover the version of UBS Quotes with a reduced range of functions that is available to the public. You have access to the key financial instruments, while the currency calculator enables you to query up-to-date banknote and exchange rates. 






					
				
			



    Public version
    


			
			
				
				
				













UBS Quotes for clients




As a client of UBS, you have exclusive access to extensive financial information and publications from our investment experts. You can also compile financial instruments in a virtual portfolio and set notifications for maturities and price changes. 






					
				
			



    Login
    


			
			
				
				
				

























Search quotes
    

        Please enter a symbol, ISIN, WKN, valor or a company name.
    




Search










                        UBS Quotes
                        





















Currencies 






					
				
			



    Exchange rates
    


			
			
				
				
				










Funds and structured products
Up-to-date product information and daily quotes for UBS Funds.






					
				
			



    UBS Fund Gate
    


			
			
				
				
				










Structured products and derivatives from UBS Investment Bank.






					
				
			



    UBS KeyInvest
    


			
			
				
				
				










Daily commentary






					
				
			



    Read daily comments
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Market News (in Chinese)
    


			
			
				
				
				





















Scroll


Back to top







Analysis and commentary
















Financial analysis for individual investors 




The UBS Chief Investment Office WM (CIO WM) identifies and communicates investment views to clients. Over 900 research specialists around the globe cover all key markets and asset classes. Combining their quantitative and qualitative inputs, we formulate our view on financial markets.




















Research for institutional and professional investors




Securities research 
Our securities research offers in-depth analysis which yields proprietary insights that our clients can trust.






					
				
			



    Learn more
    


			
			
				
				
				










Asset Management research 
Our fundamental research is an integral part of the Asset Management investment processes across many of our strategies.






					
				
			



    Learn more
    


			
			
				
				
				










UBS on social media










    Follow Mark Haefele
    


			
			
				
				
				

























Scroll


Back to top







Our firm
Global financial advice and expertise that matters.



















Individuals around the world look to UBS to provide them with the advice, expertise and opportunities they need to protect and grow their wealth.
Leading companies and institutions in more than 50 countries rely on our financial resources, expertise and infrastructure to help them grow their businesses, manage their risks and invest for the future. In Switzerland, we fulfill every kind of banking and investment need, from savings and credit cards to mergers and acquisitions.
See how our unique global presence and capabilities can help you achieve your financial goals. 















Who we are








					
				
			



    UBS in a few words
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS in a few figures
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our employees
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Corporate governance
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our history
    


			
			
				
				
				













What we do








					
				
			



    About us
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our strategy
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Our clients and businesses
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS and Society
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Sponsorship engagements
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Contact us












    Contact form
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Contacts and offices worldwide
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Main offices
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Corporate information








					
				
			



    Careers
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Media
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Investor Relations
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Contemporary art




Good contemporary art reflects and influences trends in society, and at times might even suggest the future. We share a passion for contemporary art with many of our clients.






					
				
			



    Engagements in art
    


			
			
				
				
				









































Scroll


Back to top







News and Media Relations































Media Relations








					
				
			



    Media Asia Pacific
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Media global
    


			
			
				
				
				













News and services












    UBS news alert
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Corporate calendar
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS calendar reminder
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS RSS feeds
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Latest news and media releases














                                                28 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    06:00
                                                



UBS's second-quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    15:45
                                                



Update Invitation Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    11:30
                                                



54 works by Lucian Freud from the UBS Art Collection to be presented in Berlin





                                                14 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    11:00
                                                



Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                13 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    05:30
                                                



UBS Asset Management granted Private Fund Management license in China





                                                11 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    09:00
                                                



UBS Wealth Management announces Advisory Board as part of five-year plan to better serve women













					
				
			



    More media releases
    


			
			
				
				
				




































Contact Media Relations




UBS Media Relations - APAC 










    Spokespeople
    


			
			
				
				
				








    Contact form
    


			
			
				
				
				



















UBS in social media




Follow our official social media presences for a quick and easy way to receive the latest UBS news.










    UBS on Twitter
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on Facebook
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on LinkedIn
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS on Google+
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Complete list of social media channels
    


			
			
				
				
				



















































Scroll


Back to top







Investor Relations
















Investor information








					
				
			



    Investor Relations overview
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    General meetings of shareholders
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Corporate calendar
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Investor services
    


			
			
				
				
				













UBS shareholders








					
				
			



    Dividend payments
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Management transactions
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Analysts covering UBS share
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    More information for shareholders
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Financial reporting










					
				
			



    Quarterly reports
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Annual reports
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Outlook
    


			
			
				
				
				











UBS bondholders








					
				
			



    Capital instruments and bonds
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Credit ratings
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Ad hoc releases for investors














                                                28 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    06:00
                                                



UBS's second-quarter 2017 results





                                                21 Jul 2017
                                                
                                                    15:45
                                                



Update Invitation Presentation of UBS's second quarter 2017 results





                                                07 Jun 2017
                                                
                                                    10:57
                                                



UBS to present at the Goldman Sachs European Financials Conference













					
				
			



    More ad hoc releases
    


			
			
				
				
				






















Contact us












    Investor Relations team
    


			
			
				
				
				






















UBS share price
UBS Group N
16.93 CHF  +0.01 (0.06%)
Zurich    
            03 Aug 2017  16:00

17.44 USD  -0.05 (-0.29%)
New York    
            03 Aug 2017  10:00
























Scroll


Back to top







UBS and Society
Making sustainability the everyday standard



















We aim to be a leader in sustainability in the financial industry. This requires us to focus on the long term and to work to provide consistent returns to our stakeholders. It also requires us to promote the common good by being proactive, purposeful and accountable. Our key program in this regard is UBS and Society – a cross-divisional umbrella platform covering all our activities and capabilities in sustainable investing and philanthropy, environmental and human rights policies that govern client and supplier relationships, managing our own environmental footprint, as well as our firm’s community investment.















How we do business
    








					
				
			



    Environment and human rights
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Transparency Statement 2016
    


			
			
				
				
				













How we support our clients








					
				
			



    Sustainable investments 
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Philanthropy
    


			
			
				
				
				













How we support our communities








					
				
			



    Our Global Approach
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Switzerland
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Americas
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    APAC
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    EMEA
    


			
			
				
				
				

























UBS and Society at a glance 






					
				
			



    UBS and Society factsheet
    


			
			
				
				
				





					
				
			



    Code of Conduct
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    our environmental and social risk policy framework
    


			
			
				
				
				





					
				
			



    our climate change commitment
    


			
			
				
				
				





					
				
			



    Sustainability reporting
    


			
			
				
				
				




















Awards and recognitions






					
				
			



    UBS named industry group leader in DJ Sustainability Indices 2015
    


			
			
				
				
				




































Scroll


Back to top







Careers
Discover your opportunities


















Why UBS?




UBS fosters a development and learning culture that creates opportunities for every employee to grow as an individual and provides a platform to empower them professionally. Despite the size and scope of the organization, you'll see that you work for a firm that values you as an individual.






					
				
			



    Why UBS?
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Meet our people
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    UBS careers blog
    


			
			
				
				
				



















Professionals




Already working and looking to take the next step? Move your career forward in our high-performance environment.






					
				
			



    Search open roles
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Career website
    


			
			
				
				
				













Students, graduates and MBAs




Looking for an ideal place to begin your career? Explore our world of opportunities for university students and recent graduates including MBAs.






					
				
			



    Graduate Talent Programs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    MBA programs
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Internships
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Events
    


			
			
				
				
				
























Search and apply








					
				
			



    Professionals
    


			
			
				
				
				




					
				
			



    Students, graduates and MBAs
    


			
			
				
				
				



















UBS in social media












    UBS Careers on Facebook
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on Twitter
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on LinkedIn
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on Google+
    


			
			
				
				
				








    UBS Careers on YouTube
    


			
			
				
				
				




















































  











Treasury and Finance - Investment Planning and Evaluation
































Start top navigation

Skip to main content |
Home | About | Publications | Careers | Contact | Subscribe

End top navigation



Site Search
Search the site













 



Investment Planning and Evaluation


Understanding investment planning and review

What is the investment management standard?

Investment Management Standard workshops and examples
Investment Management Standard support for departmental users
Investment Management Standard facilitator guidance and templates
Applications of the investment management standard

Shape a new investment
Prioritise investment proposals
Develop a policy
Benefit delivery
Evaluate a program
Refocus an organisation
Monitor an organisation


Licence to use the investment management standard materials


What are the investment lifecycle and high value high risk guidelines?

Stage 1: Conceptualise
Stage 2: Prove
Stage 3: Procure
Stage 4: Implement
Stage 5: Realise


What is the Gateway review process?

Is my project required to undergo a Gateway review?
Gateway key decision points
The planning day
The review
Who delivers the Gateway review process?
Relationship to VGPB


What is asset management?


High Value High Risk
Investment professionals' toolkit

Gateway products

Reviewer resources
Book a Gateway review


Investment lifecycle and High Value High Risk products
Commercial and financial advisory services panel
Book an investment management standard facilitator
Economic evaluation guidelines


Training

Gateway reviewer training
Investment management facilitator training and accreditation





You are here:

HomeInvestment Planning and Evaluation




Investment Planning and Evaluation



Learn more about investment planning and evaluation tools and guidance, and High Value High Risk infrastructure and ICT projects.




In focus



      Investment lifecycle and high value high risk guidance - Stage 1
    

Stage 1: Conceputalise provides guidance and structure for the initial examination of problems on the basis of their policy and strategic merit. 



      Investment management standard
    

The investment management standard is a collection of ideas and practices that help organisations to direct resources to deliver the best outcomes.



      Gateway review process - Gate 1
    

Gate 1: Concept and feasibility investigates the strategic direction and concept development of the proposed investment against the wider agency, portfolio or whole of government goals or needs.

Subscribe to RSS


How do I



      Book a Gateway review
    

The Gateway review process is mandatory for high value high risk projects. If you are not sure whether your project or program should undertake a Gateway review, contact us.



      Book an accredited investment management standard facilitator
    

Agencies should use an accredited investment management facilitator to ensure a high quality investment logic map. View profiles of accredited facilitators in Victoria.



      Attend a training session
    

Training to become a Gateway reviewer or investment management facilitator is available, and an investment management information session is held periodically that provides an overview of the investment management standard. 








Investment professionals toolkit
Quick access to key documents, resources and guides for investment professionals.





Related Publications
High Value High Risk investment framework fact sheetInvestment lifecycle and High Value High Risk guidelines - OverviewInvestment management standard version 5Gateway review process - Guidance materials
View more publications




Subscribe to updates












Start bottom navigation

State Government of Victoria |
Copyright |Privacy |Disclaimer |Accessibility |
Last Updated 26 November 2015

End bottom navigation


























Treasury and Finance - Home
































Start top navigation

Skip to main content |
Home | About | Publications | Careers | Contact | Subscribe

End top navigation



Site Search
Search the site













 




Corporate Plan Our 2017-21 Corporate Plan sets out our purpose, values and priorities over the next four years. Go to next slideVictoria's EconomyWe advise on micro-economic, social and public policy, taxation and intergovernmental policy, and macro-economic and revenue forecasting.Go to next slideGo to previous slideGovernment Financial ManagementThe Financial Management Framework and related guidance assist the public sector ensure sound financial management of public resources. Go to next slideGo to previous slideInfrastructure DeliveryLearn more about infrastructure procurement and delivery.Go to next slideGo to previous slideInvestment Planning and EvaluationLearn more about investment planning and evaluation tools and guidance, and High Value High Risk infrastructure and ICT projects.Go to previous slideState BudgetThe State Budget provides projections of Government revenue and expenditure for the following year, and outlines services to be delivered.Go to previous slide



What's new



      Read our 2017-21 Corporate Plan
    

The Department of Treasury and Finance's 2017-21 Corporate Plan sets out our purpose, values and priorities over the next four years, consistent with Victorian Government priorities. 



      Visit the 2017/18 Budget website
    

Visit the budget.vic.gov.au website to explore how the budget affects you and your community.



      Download the 2017/18 Budget Papers
    

The 2017/18 Budget was released on Tuesday 2 May 2017. 

Subscribe to RSS


Data centre


Latest data sets
To enhance the transparency and accessibility of the information in the budget papers and financial reports, you can download historical and current series of financial information and macroeconomic indicators.

 






Popular topics

State BudgetTreasury and Finance glossary for budget and financial reportsPublic private partnershipsVictorian Public Service Enterprise Agreement 2016



Subscribe to updates


Related sites

ProcurementTendersHousing Registrar




Red Tape Rubbish Bin
Visit the Red Tape Rubbish Bin website to find out how the Victorian Government aims to cut back red tape, and share your experiences with the Red Tape Commissioner.


Follow @TreasuryVic 









Start bottom navigation

State Government of Victoria |
Copyright |Privacy |Disclaimer |Accessibility |
Last Updated 17 May 2017

End bottom navigation


























Treasury and Finance - What is asset management?
































Start top navigation

Skip to main content |
Home | About | Publications | Careers | Contact | Subscribe

End top navigation



Site Search
Search the site













 



Investment Planning and Evaluation


Understanding investment planning and review

What is the investment management standard?

Investment Management Standard workshops and examples
Investment Management Standard support for departmental users
Investment Management Standard facilitator guidance and templates
Applications of the investment management standard

Shape a new investment
Prioritise investment proposals
Develop a policy
Benefit delivery
Evaluate a program
Refocus an organisation
Monitor an organisation


Licence to use the investment management standard materials


What are the investment lifecycle and high value high risk guidelines?

Stage 1: Conceptualise
Stage 2: Prove
Stage 3: Procure
Stage 4: Implement
Stage 5: Realise


What is the Gateway review process?

Is my project required to undergo a Gateway review?
Gateway key decision points
The planning day
The review
Who delivers the Gateway review process?
Relationship to VGPB


What is asset management?


High Value High Risk
Investment professionals' toolkit

Gateway products

Reviewer resources
Book a Gateway review


Investment lifecycle and High Value High Risk products
Commercial and financial advisory services panel
Book an investment management standard facilitator
Economic evaluation guidelines


Training

Gateway reviewer training
Investment management facilitator training and accreditation





You are here:

HomeInvestment Planning and EvaluationUnderstanding investment planning and reviewWhat is asset management?



What is asset management?

Overview
Asset management is an organisation’s coordinated activities to realise the full value of assets in delivering service delivery objectives. It is carried out over the whole asset lifecycle.


The four key stages of the asset lifecycle are:

Planning: determination of asset requirements, based on an assessment of both service delivery needs and the capability of the existing asset base to meet these needs.
Acquisition: procurement of assets to meet an identified service need, including the assessment of procurement options.
Operation and maintenance: management and use of an asset to deliver services, including maintenance.
Disposal: treatment of an asset that has either reached the end of its useful life, is considered surplus, or is under-performing.

These stages are represented in the diagram below as occurring sequentially, but each stage will be informed by activities occurring in each of the other sectors:

Organisational leaders are expected to promote principles and policies for good asset management throughout all stages of the asset lifecycle.
Asset Management Accountability Framework
The Asset Management Accountability Framework (AMAF) replaces Victoria’s existing asset management framework, Sustaining Our Assets and the related asset management series. The AMAF assists Victorian Public Sector agencies manage their asset portfolios and provide better services for Victorians.
Like Sustaining Our Assets, the AMAF is premised on a non-prescriptive, devolved accountability model of asset management. This allows public sector bodies to manage their assets in a manner that is consistent with government requirements, their own specific operational circumstances and the nature of their asset base.
The AMAF details mandatory asset management requirements as well as general guidance for agencies responsible for managing assets. Mandatory requirements include developing asset management strategies, governance frameworks, performance standards and processes to regularly monitor and improve asset management. The requirements also include establishing systems for maintaining assets and processes for identifying and addressing performance failures.
Additionally, secretaries and public sector boards, must attest to their agency’s compliance with the mandatory requirements of the AMAF in their annual report from 2017-18 and, every three years, self-assess their organisation's asset management maturity.
The AMAF applies to non-current assets (physical and intangible) but not financial assets, controlled by government departments, agencies, corporations, authorities, and other bodies that are captured by the Standing Directions of the Minister for Finance made under the Financial Management Act 1994 (FMA).
Asset Management Accountability Framework (PDF 735kb)
Asset Management Accountability Framework (DOCX 893kb)
 
Implementation guidance – new
New implementation guidance has been developed to assist public sector agencies implement the AMAF.
The guidance is not compulsory. It offers potential approaches, and summarises some of the possible inputs and evidence, that could be used to document compliance with the AMAF mandatory requirements. The guidance has been drafted to be of greatest assistance to those uncertain of where to begin.
This guidance incorporates and supersedes previous AMAF guidance material released with the framework in February 2016 and updated in June 2016.
Asset Management Accountability Framework Implementation Guidance (PDF 2.42mb)
Asset Management Accountability Framework Implementation Guidance (DOCX 2.44mb)




Related Publications
View more publications












Start bottom navigation

State Government of Victoria |
Copyright |Privacy |Disclaimer |Accessibility |
Last Updated 10 March 2017

End bottom navigation
















