
FTE Networks Inc (FTNW.PK)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















FTE Networks Inc (FTNW.PK)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTelecommunications ServicesIntegrated Telecommunications Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				FTNW.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.57USD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.57


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

30,609




52-wk High

$1.12


52-wk Low

$0.26











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Michael Palleschi

40
2014

                                Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer




							David Lethem

56
2014

                                Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer




							Lynn Martin


2016

                                Chief Operating Officer




							Michael Bonewitz


2016

                                Chief Technology Officer




							John Klumpp

58
2014

                                Chief Strategy Officer, Director




							Christopher Ferguson

47
2016

                                Director




							Luisa Ingargiola

49
2016

                                Director




							Bradford Mitchell

56
2016

                                Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Michael Palleschi


					
							Mr. Michael Palleschi currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of FTE Networks since being appointed in January 2014. Mr. Palleschi has over 16 years of experience in the telecom industry and in his current position as CEO, he is taking a hands on approach of overseeing day-to-day operation for all core business structures. Responsibilities include supervising the managerial team, ensuring project efficiency from on-boarding to completion, maintaining corporate communication, new business development, office advancement, vendor and client relations, corporate compliance continuance, procurement and contracts, and operations budget management. As a customer focused and results driven executive, he has a proven talent for harnessing cutting-edge technology to strengthen corporate systems and maximize operations. He is an established business cultivator that has aggressive experience in managing small to large firms, through the period of company launch to multi-million dollar success and has done so in highly technical fields. With his expert knowledge in developing and delivering communications networks, he has maintained a reputable record of aligning corporate processes with the company growth strategy. His core competency is based on streamlining operations, improving service-delivery efficiency and enhancing the bottom line. Being a decisive, results-driven project and program leader he has remained committed to reducing costs and increasing ROI through constant technical innovation. Mr. Palleschi joined FTE Networks in October, 2010 where he served as COO of Focus Venture Partners, which featured investments in growing telecom companies including Focus Fiber Solutions, Jus-Com and Townsend Careers. Prior to Focus Venture Partners, from June 2007 until 2010, he was the Director of Infrastructure Services for South Florida facilities based Telecommunications Company start up.




							David Lethem


					
							Mr. David Lethem was named Chief Financial Officer of FTE in June 2014. He is responsible for the financial management of the Company. Mr. Lethem was originally hired by FTE in April 2014 as VP of Corporate Compliance. Prior to joining FTE, Mr. Lethem was the Director of Finance and Audit for Audit Management Solutions, Incorporated since November of 2007. He was directly responsible for the financial, operational, and audit management of both public and private companies during that time, working the banking, telecommunications, mobile marketing, manufacturing, and finance sectors. Additionally, his experience during that time involved reverse mergers, SEC compliance, international operations, and technical accounting matters. Mr. Lethem earned his Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of Dubuque, his MBA from California Coast University, and holds his CIA and CRMA from the Institute of Internal Auditors.




							Lynn Martin


					
							Mr. Lynn Martin serves as Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Prior to joining FTE, Lynn was head of the communications, software, and technology division of Nexius where he was responsible for growing the business by delivering end-to-end network solutions for emerging technologies, such as Open Source/NFV/SDN and infrastructure services that provided relevant value to customers and helped them to optimize their businesses. In addition to leading the software and technology teams, he created several new business offerings in Engineering, Fiber and Open Source development where he joined efforts with Open Compute Project and Telecom Infra Project communities both founded by Facebook to provide new network architectures and solutions with greater simplicity and efficiency. Before Nexius, Martin served as Executive Director of Telcordia Technologies, where he ran the company’s next generation software product line, was a senior strategist in Accenture’s Network Practice, and spent over a decade at Level 3 Communications at VP of Operational Integration and Process Management.




							Michael Bonewitz


					
							Mr. Michael Bonewitz is the Chief Technology Officer of the Company. Bonewitz has over 20 years of senior management experience in communications network engineering and information technology industries developing cutting edge capabilities via advanced IT automation and data analytics driving operational and financial performance. Prior to FTE, he was VP of Strategy and Product Development for Cloud services, Fiber engineering and construction at Nexius where he developed and launched the company’s first fiber deployment program supporting multiple Tier 1 service providers in the US. He also led the company strategy and participation into Open Compute Project (OCP) as a Platinum member and as an original member of Facebook’s Telcom Infra Project (TIP). He has held previous technology and engineering leadership positions with Ericsson, Zayo and Level 3. Mike holds a BS in Engineering from University of Colorado.




							John Klumpp


					
							Mr. John Klumpp is Chief Strategy Officer since September 2014, Director since June 2014 and subsequently joined in an executive role on as the of FTE Networks. Previously Mr. Klumpp served in management roles in operations and technology in the banking industry. From August 2008 to March 2010, Mr. Klumpp held the position of Chief Information Officer and SVP at Bank of Florida. In this role, Mr. Klumpp led the development of a premier Treasury Management product solution and deliver platform, managed the three bank holding company IT assets and staff, and led the adoption and implementation of cutting edge technologies including VOIP and virtualization. From March 2010 to June 2012 Mr. Klumpp was IT Director and a senior vice president at Florida Community Bank where he led development and integration teams that successfully merged and integrated eight separate bank acquisitions into a single consolidated banking platform in south Florida. From June 2012 to June 2014 Mr. Klumpp was Chief Information Officer and a senior vice present at First Southern Bank, where he led re-engineering efforts for back office operations, architected and implemented upgraded technology platforms, charted and chaired the Information Technology Steering Committee, and championed multiple product enhancements and deployments. His success has been in aligning the corporate strategy with technology and implementing the solutions and platforms that reduce the cost of IT while significantly improving the functionality and reliability of those systems. Mr. Klumpp received his BA in Finance from the University of Alabama, Birmingham, in 1984 and continued his education at LSU Graduate School of Banking. He was a past board member of the American Diabetes Association, Loan Executive with the United Way and participant in Habitats for Humanity. He currently resides in Naples, FL.




							Christopher Ferguson


					
							Mr. Christopher Ferguson is Director of FTE Networks, Inc. He currently serves as the Managing Director of Tern Capital Partners, LLC, a private equity investment firm founded by Mr. Ferguson in 2013. In 2010, Mr. Ferguson co-founded a company in the fiber network industry, and he served as CEO of the company until June 2013. In addition to his duties at Tern Capital, Mr. Ferguson serves as a member of the Board of Directors for Pennsylvania Youth Theater, a non-profit children’s theater based in Bethlehem, PA, and as a member of the non-profit organization Embrace Your Dreams, which teaches life skills to at risk children through golf and tennis programs. In August 2001, Mr. Ferguson co-founded Mercer, a provider of innovative workforce management solutions to a variety of industries including transportation and engineering, with co-founder, Michael Traina. Prior to founding Mercer, Mr. Ferguson and former New Jersey Governor, James J. Florio, co-founded The Florio Group, a private equity investment company. In addition, Mr. Ferguson served as Chief Financial Officer for Cabot Marsh Corporation in 1995 and remained as a director for the company until 1999. Mr. Ferguson has been a member of the New Jersey and Pennsylvania Bars since 1994. He graduated from Widener University School of Law in May of 1994 and received a Bachelor of Arts Degree from Villanova University in May of 1990.




							Luisa Ingargiola


					
							Ms. Luisa Ingargiola is Director of FTE Networks, Inc. Luisa Ingargiola is the Chief Financial Officer for Magne Gas, a NASDAQ listed technology company, which produces a plasma based system for the gasification and sterilization of liquid waste. Mrs. Ingargiola currently serves as a Board Director for The JBF Foundation Worldwide and CES Synergies, Inc., where she also serves as the Audit Committee Chair. Prior to joining Magne Gas, Mrs. Ingargiola worked as a Budget and Expense Manager for MetLife Insurance Company. In this capacity she managed a $30-million-dollar annual budget. Her responsibilities included budget implementation, expense and variance analysis and financial reporting. Luisa previously served as a Board Director, Audit Committee Chair for CBD Energy Limited in 2014. Mrs. Ingargiola received her Bachelor’s Degree from Boston University and her Master’s Degree from the University of South Florida.




							Bradford Mitchell


					
							Mr. Brad Mitchell is Director of FTE Networks, Inc. currently serves as President of TelePacific Communications - Texas, and is responsible for TelePacific’s operations across the state of Texas. Mr. Mitchell brings a unique combination of knowledge and wide-ranging telecommunications industry experience gained in both the venture capital and established industry leader arenas. Mitchell returned to TelePacific after previously serving as Senior Vice President - Field Operations, and was instrumental in creating TelePacific’s customer-centric structure by leading the TelePacific’s sales operations during TelePacific’s early years. Prior to TelePacific, Mr. Mitchell served as Area Vice President at Sprint PCS, where he launched and operated several markets in the southeast, including New Orleans and Atlanta. More recently, he served as Executive Vice President of Cable & Wireless’ International Accounts and also built a highly successful retail franchise operation. Mitchell earned a degree in Business Administration from Oglethorpe University in Atlanta.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Michael Palleschi

249,864




							David Lethem

--




							Lynn Martin

--




							Michael Bonewitz

--




							John Klumpp

181,539




							Christopher Ferguson

--




							Luisa Ingargiola

--




							Bradford Mitchell

--



As Of 
29 Sep 2015





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Michael Palleschi

0
0




							David Lethem

0
0




							Lynn Martin

0
0




							Michael Bonewitz

0
0




							John Klumpp

0
0




							Christopher Ferguson

0
0




							Luisa Ingargiola

0
0




							Bradford Mitchell

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Lateral Global Investors, L.L.C.
26,215,409
$0.00


Lateral Global Investors, L.L.C.
1,978,068
$0.00


Lateral Global Investors, L.L.C.
6,420,020
$0.00




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTelecommunications ServicesIntegrated Telecommunications Services






















	Packet Sniffers & Protocol Analyzers for Bluetooth, USB, RS-232/422/485, & Industrial Networks (Ethernet, Modbus, DH+, DeviceNet, ControlNet & More























































  Teledyne LeCroy - Home   
              shop.fte.com   
             
                    Welcome: Guest!
                
             &nbsp[ Login ]
        
        








Home


Products




                  Frontline Sodera 
                




                  Frontline Sodera LE
                




                  TLF3000 Bluetooth Tester
                




              More Bluetooth Products... ⇨
            




                  Wideband / Full Spectrum ⇨
                




                      Frontline Sodera
                    




                      Frontline Sodera LE
                    






                  Dual Mode (BR/EDR/LE) ⇨
                




                      Frontline Sodera
                    




                      Frontline BPA 600
                    






                  Low Energy (LE) ⇨
                




                      Frontline Sodera
                    




                      Frontline Sodera LE
                    




                      Frontline BPA 600
                    




                      Frontline BPA low energy
                    






                  Production / PHY Tester ⇨
                




                      TLF3000 Bluetooth Tester
                    






                  HCI Analyzers ⇨
                




                      Frontline SD
                    




                      Frontline HSU
                    






                  Audio Expert System
                




                  Protocol Expert System
                




                  Frontline BPA 100
                







              Additional Technologies... ⇨
            




                  Genos GNSS Simulator
                





                  Frontline 802.11
                




                  Frontline NFC
                




                  Frontline SD
                





                  Frontline HSU
                






              Industrial Analyzers ⇨
            




                  Serialtest
                




                  NetDecoder
                




                  Ethernet ComProbe
                







              Maintenance Mode Analyzers ⇨
            




                  Frontline USB
                




                  Frontline BPA 500
                




                  Frontline FTS4BT
                







Services


Innovator Suite  ⇨




                      Bluetooth Low Energy Innovator Suite




Automotive Cellular Testing


Interoperability Testing


Robustness Testing


Product Specification Validation


Component Evaluation


Industry Baseline Testing


Consulting




Support


Technical Support



Videos


Drivers


Software Downloads



Documentation




Training


Reseller Portal




About Us


Company Profile


Contact


Resellers


News


Press Kit - Images


Careers


Industry Groups


Links




Where To Buy
















































Order



Contact Us


Reseller Portal











    Frontline® Developer Tools







Bluetooth Analyzers
    



          Wideband Analyzers
        



              Frontline Sodera
            



              Frontline Sodera LE
            





          Dual Mode Analyzers
        



              Frontline Sodera
            



              Frontline BPA 600
            





Bluetooth "Classic" Analyzers
        



              Frontline Sodera
            



              Frontline BPA 600
            





Bluetooth low energy Analyzers
        



              Frontline Sodera
            



              Frontline Sodera LE
            



              Frontline BPA 600
            



              Frontline BPA low energy
            





          Audio Expert System Software Module
        









Bluetooth Production / PHY



          TLF3000 Bluetooth Tester / PHY Tester
        




NFC Analyzer



                    Frontline NFC
                




802.11 Analyzer



          Frontline 802.11
        





SD / SDIO Analyzer



          Frontline SD (SD/SDIO/MMC/SPI)
        




HSU Analyzer



          Frontline High Speed UART
        





Maintenance Mode Products




              Frontline USB (FTS4USB)
            



                  Frontline BPA 500
                



                  Frontline FTS4BT
                









    Frontline Industrial Network Tools






NetDecoder for serial, SCADA and Ethernet


DH Plus


DeviceNet


ControlNet




Serial Analyzers (RS-232/422/485)


Ethernet Network Tap



Synchronous Serial Analyzer







    Frontline Testing Services






Interoperability Testing


Robustness Testing


Product Specification Validation


Component Evaluation


Industry Baseline Testing


Technology Consulting Services
















Which Bluetooth® test tool is right for YOU?







Frontline Sodera
                
		        • Wideband Bluetooth (BR/EDR/LE) captures, fully decoded and decrypted
                • Watch live, or save captured data and decrypt later
                • Compact and portable - only 2.2 lbs, w/changeable battery pack
                • Bluetooth 5 Specification ready
                • Works with Audio Expert







Frontline Sodera LE
		        • One click wideband captures - Bluetooth low energy
                • Re-programmable radio means you keep up with the spec!
                • Full Bluetooth 5 specification support - and future ready!
                • Uses Frontline software - views, tools, windows 














TLF3000 Bluetooth Tester / PHY Tester
		        • Full Bluetooth  5 support
                • Support for all RF-PHY test cases
                • Performs RF-PHY testing on live links                		        
                • Signal Generation and Signal Analysis 
                • Compliant with all adopted Bluetooth LE core specifications
                • Great for Production Testing 







Bluetooth Protocol Expert System
		        • Develop Bluetooth enabled products faster
                • Real-Time Analysis Displays protocol events synced to other views as they happen
                • Superior Root Cause Analysis Pinpoints Bluetooth problems related issues










    You've got options! 





  
      The Frontline family of Bluetooth protocol analyzers and tools support every profile and protocol in the entire 
      Bluetooth specification.  From Bluetooth "classic" (BR/EDR) to Bluetooth low energy (LE) technology, Frontline

    protocol analyzers make it easier to 
    get products to market faster by helping troubleshoot, debug, and decode these complex communication streams.


Featured Analyzer: Frontline Sodera Wideband Bluetooth Protocol Analyzer!
          
      The Frontline Sodera Wideband Bluetooth Protocol Analyzer 
      is a highly portable, wideband, Bluetooth protocol analyzer that captures all Bluetooth
     traffic in the 2.4 GHz ISM band.  Data collected ranges from paging and inquiry packets to connections, secure connections, 
     and secure simple pairing (SSP) packets, to data exchange packets.  Data is gathered from every device transmitting 
                Bluetooth wireless technology within a 10 meter range. 
 

One Click Sniffing

     Capturing data is as simple as clicking a button.  Just start Frontline Sodera and click "Session: Start".  That's it.  Now you
     are gathering every packet being transmitted in the range of the analyzer.  Quickly you can see devices, select the ones
     you are interested in following, and send that information to Frontline's powerful Frontline software to be decrypted
     and decoded, live, while it is happening.  Or, save the file and review it at your leisure.  You can even add link keys or 
     PINs after capture to decrypt the entire link.  
 










Latest News

Press Release - Teledyne LeCroy Introduces Bluetooth Protocol Expert System to Speed IoT Development
Press releases - Teledyne LeCroy Adds Cellular Testing for Connected Cars
Press Release - Teledyne LeCroy Announces Development of Bluetooth Conformance Tester
Press Release - Teledyne LeCroy Eases Connected Car Development with Automotive Technology Center in Detroit
Press Release - Teledyne LeCroy Announces Frontline Sodera LE Analyzer Supporting Bluetooth 5
Press Release - Frontline Sodera Analyzer Support Bluetooth 5


more news...
Upcoming Events


Applying Sodera to Bluetooth Technology - Lunch & Learn
                25 July 2017


Farmington Hills, MI - REGISTER TODAY 



Introduction to Wireless Communications - Lunch & Learn
                8 August 2017


Farmington Hills, MI - REGISTER TODAY 



UnPlugFest 58
                9-12 October 2017


Barcelona, Spain 




more events...


US & CANADA 800-359-8570 | International +1-434-984-4500 | Frontline_OnlineSales@teledyne.com | Site Map | Blog | Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2017 Teledyne LeCroy, Inc., d.b.a. Teledyne LeCroy | All Rights reserved.  Privacy Policy | Terms of Use




















 


About :: FTE Networks, Inc. (FTNW)



























 










OTCQX: FTNW



























Building Stronger Connections
Enabling our customers to connect to their customers with high performance networking infrastructure.















	About








Who We Are
A Global Network Infrastructure Solutions Provider
At FTE Networks, Inc., we design, build and support networking infrastructures for the technology and telecommunications industries. We enable our customers to connect to theirs by providing a strong foundation that ensures fast, reliable and secure voice, data and digital content delivery.
With our design to implementation approach, wealth of industry experience and strong relationships, we help companies around the world enter new markets, defend existing ones, improve performance, control costs and profitably invest in resources.
Founded in 2007, FTE Networks, Inc. is headquartered in Naples, Florida, with offices throughout the United States and Europe. 








Our Services
 Our Approach: Design. Build. Manage. Maintain.
We focus on simplifying the challenges associated with the design and delivery of wireline, wireless and data center solutions. Our unique offering allows predictable, consistent standards, implementation and compliance on a global scale, reducing design and deployment time to accelerate delivery of network solutions. Our management team is responsible for managing upwards of 1,800 individual contributors at any given time. Our approach allows us to reduce the amount of fixed cost we add to the business while being very agile and adaptable to changes in technology. 



Data Center Infrastructure



Infrastructure Design
Deployment
Testing and Commissioning
Rack, Stack, Power
Cold Aisle Containment and Efficiency Programs
Maintenance
Integration
MDU Design & Deploy
AC/DC Power Plants
 





Fiber Optics



ROW and Network Engineering
Large Scale Deployment
PMO
FTTx Solutions
Underground/Aerial
Deployment
Splicing and Testing
Fiber Characterization
Emergency Restoration
Maintenance
 







Wireless Integration



Engineering
Deployment
Maintenance
DAS Installations
RF Installations
Site Surveys, Acquisition & Zoning
Audits
Fiber Backhaul Solutions
Full Suite of Testing
Solutions
Decommissioning
 





Surveillance & Security



Infrastructure Design
Deployment
Maintenance
Video Surveillance Design and Installation
Wi-Fi Installation
Storage Back-Up Solutions
Access Control
 



 
View Full Range of Services









Locations
FTE Networks can support projects no matter the location
 








Our Team
Backed by Unparalleled Experience and Strong Relationships
Our team brings forth the definition and direction of project requirements and workflow processes on national endeavors. We have a proven success track record in high-profile project development, operations, budget management, process improvement and staff development in high-growth organizations. We have extensive expertise in strategic business planning, leadership of project development teams, with bottom line responsibility.
Our solid background in managing engineering and deployment teams, from contract negotiations to final product, enables direct and precise coordination of a cross-functional team member.
View Management Team View Board of Directors 













































Why FTE?
Cost point engineering and smart design to ensure speed to market and predictability 















Why FTE?
Mobile and agile workforce delivers quality infrastructure installation and deployment 















Why FTE?
Thorough evaluation of scope of work to enhance performance, increase speed to market and control costs 















Why FTE?
Proactive maintenance plan to ensure longevity of customer assets 















Why FTE?
Vendor agnostic















Why FTE?
Licensing and certifications throughout the U.S.















Why FTE?
High performance rating















Why FTE?
Demonstrated and proven execution capabilities 














Contact Us
We serve Fortune 500 Companies, municipalities, and state and local governments. We service more than a dozen different industries across the country and globally including, but not limited to:

Traditional Carriers
Internet Service Providers
Cable (MSO) Companies
Traditional Wireless Carriers
Professional Services Firms
Equipment Manufactures with PS
Social Networking Companies
Content Delivery Companies
Data Center Companies
General Contractors as Prime
Government & Municipalities
 Learn How We Can Help Your Business











10-Q: FTE NETWORKS, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

22,028
+12.25
+0.06%






Nasdaq

6,350
-12.35
-0.19%






S&P 500

2,474
-3.48
-0.14%









10:48 A.M. ET


                                  Meet this Trump addict whose ONE job is to offer bets on the Donald’s presidency
                                





 
10:43 A.M. ET


Updated
      Dow fights to trade above 22,000 as stocks struggle after lackluster services report
                                





 
10:41 A.M. ET


Updated
      College costs are soaring — 6 things parents need to know about 529 tax deductions
                                





 
10:37 A.M. ET


                                  What 'Flash Boys' Brad Katsuyama thinks is killing Wall Street trade
                                





 
10:35 A.M. ET


Updated
      Why the NFL should kill its Hall of Fame Game
                                





 
10:35 A.M. ET


                                  Teva shares plummet 18% on cheaper generic drug prices, pull rivals lower
                                





 
10:34 A.M. ET


Updated
      ISM services index slows to 11-month low in July
                                





 
10:32 A.M. ET


                                  West Texas Intermediate prices up less than 0.1% at $49.61/bbl.
                                





 
10:31 A.M. ET


                                  Crude-oil futures pare gain after EIA natural-gas inventory report 
                                





 
10:30 A.M. ET


Updated
      Pound slides after BOE keeps rates at record low, cuts wage forecast
                                





 
10:26 A.M. ET


Updated
      Transcript shows Trump asked Pena Nieto to stop saying Mexico wouldn’t pay for wall  
                                





 
10:25 A.M. ET


Updated
      Gold deepens pullback from nearly 8-week highs as dollar index stabilizes
                                





 
10:15 A.M. ET


                                  VanEck Vectors Generic Drugs ETF drops 2.5% after Teva reports difficult generics environment
                                





 
10:13 A.M. ET


                                  Perrigo shares drop 3.3% after Teva generics revenue came in below expectations
                                





 
10:13 A.M. ET


Updated
      Why women are poised to make a terrible mistake when it comes to their money 
                                





 
10:12 A.M. ET


                                  Mylan shares drop 3.5% after Teva reports generics revenue was below expectations
                                





 
10:11 A.M. ET


Updated
      Don’t go there: Parents should avoid these 3 student loan risks
                                





 
10:10 A.M. ET


                                  U.S. factory orders rise 3% in June on solid aircraft orders
                                





 
10:10 A.M. ET


Updated
      This Olympic skier took some financial falls, too
                                





 
10:06 A.M. ET


                                  December gold off at 0.3% at $1,274.70/oz. 
                                





 








































Log In















 


Until London Markets Close

Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: FTE NETWORKS, INC.
    








    By

Published: Nov 21, 2016 4:34 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included herein. In connection with, and because we desire to take advantage of, the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution readers regarding certain forward looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other statement made by, or on our behalf, whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements made by, or on our behalf. Words such as "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "continuing," "ongoing," "expect," "believe," "intend," "may," "will," "should," "could," and similar expressions are used to identify forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update forward-looking statements.  Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this document to "FTE", "we", "our", "us" or the "Company" are to FTE Networks, Inc. and its subsidiaries.  Overview  We are a U.S. based provider of international and regional telecommunications and technology systems, specializing in the design, engineering, installation, construction and maintenance of telecommunications and technology networks and infrastructure. We also offer managed information technology, telecommunications services, subscriber based services and staffing solutions through our wholly owned subsidiaries:  ? Jus-Com, Inc., (dba FTE Network Services) specializes in the design, engineering, installation, and maintenance of all forms of telecommunications infrastructure. Services including engineering consulting, design, installation, maintenance and emergency response in various categories including cabling, rack and stack, equipment installation and configuration, wiring build-outs, infrastructure build-outs, DC power installation, OSP/ISP fiber placement, fiber cable splicing and fiber testing.  ? FTE Wireless, LLC, offers wireless solutions to major wireless carriers including equipment installation, fiber backhaul, antennae installation and testing, small cell solutions, fiber-to-site and other turnkey solutions as needed by the clients.  ? Focus Venture Partners, Inc. (dba FVP Worx) is a multifaceted employment firm offering full service staffing solutions, specializing in telecommunications, technology and construction services industries.  Recent Business Developments  On December 23, 2015, the Board unanimously authorized and approved an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation to effect a reverse stock split of our Common Stock at a 1-for-20 ratio (the "Reverse Split"). On December 30, 2015, stockholders holding a majority of our voting power approved by written consent the amendment to our Articles of Incorporation, which would affect the Reverse Split. The Reverse Split will reduce the number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock by reclassifying and converting all outstanding shares of our Common Stock into a proportionately fewer number of shares of Common Stock. On March 9, 2016, the Company filed a Form Pre-14C with the SEC concerning the 1 for 20 reverse stock split and the increase of the authorized shares of common stock from 70,000,000 to 200,000,000. On March 18, 2016 the Company received a comment letter from the SEC regarding the Form Pre-14C. The Company filed a response to the SEC on April 8, 2016. The Company received correspondence from the SEC on April 15, 2016, and had no objections to the response letter. On April 18, 2016, the Company filed its Definitive Form 14-C with the SEC. On May 25, 2016 "FINRA" approved the Reverse Split, which was effectuated on May 26, 2016.  On January 4, 2016, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Kirstin Gooldy to serve as the Company's Chief Compliance Officer in consideration of a salary of $112,500 per year, with standard employee insurance and other benefits. The employment agreement commenced on January 4, 2016 and ends on January 4, 2018, after which it is renewable for twelve months, until terminated by either party with 90 days written notice  On February 8, 2016, Mr. Brad Mitchell was appointed to the Board of Directors as an independent director. Mr. Mitchell (56) currently serves as President of TelePacific Communications - Texas, and is responsible for TelePacific's operations across the state of Texas. Mr. Mitchell brings a unique combination of knowledge and wide-ranging telecommunications industry experience gained in both the venture capital and established industry leader arenas. Mitchell returned to TelePacific after previously serving as Senior Vice President - Field Operations, and was instrumental in creating TelePacific's customer-centric structure by leading the TelePacific's sales operations during TelePacific's early years. Prior to TelePacific, Mr. Mitchell served as Area Vice President at Sprint PCS, where he launched and operated several markets in the southeast, including New Orleans and Atlanta. More recently, he served as Executive Vice President of Cable & Wireless' International Accounts and also built a highly successful retail franchise operation. Mitchell earned a degree in Business Administration from Oglethorpe University in Atlanta.  On February 11, 2016, Mr. Chris Ferguson was appointed to the Board of Directors as an independent director. Mr. Ferguson (47) currently serves as the Managing Director of Tern Capital Partners, LLC, a private equity investment firm founded by Mr. Ferguson in 2013. In 2010, Mr. Ferguson co-founded a company in the fiber network industry, and he served as CEO of the company until June 2013. In August 2001, Mr. Ferguson co-founded Mercer, a provider of innovative workforce management solutions to a variety of industries including transportation and engineering, with co-founder, Michael Traina. Prior to founding Mercer, Mr. Ferguson and former New Jersey Governor, James J. Florio, co-founded The Florio Group, a private equity investment company. In addition, Mr. Ferguson served as Chief Financial Officer for Cabot Marsh Corporation in 1995 and remained as a director for the company until 1999. Mr. Ferguson has been a member of the New Jersey and Pennsylvania Bars since 1994. He graduated from Widener University School of Law in May of 1994 and received a Bachelor of Arts Degree from Villanova University in May of 1990.  On February 16, 2016, Ms. Luisa Ingargiola was appointed to the Board of Directors as an independent director. Mrs. Ingargiola is the Chief Financial Officer for Magne Gas, a NASDAQ listed technology company, which produces a plasma based system for the gasification and sterilization of liquid waste. Mrs. Ingargiola currently serves as a Board Director for The JBF Foundation Worldwide and CES Synergies, Inc., where she also serves as the Audit Committee Chair. Prior to joining Magne Gas, Mrs. Ingargiola worked as a Budget and Expense Manager for MetLife Insurance Company. In this capacity she managed a $30-million-dollar annual budget. Her responsibilities included budget implementation, expense and variance analysis and financial reporting. Luisa previously served as a Board Director, Audit Committee Chair for CBD Energy Limited in 2014. Mrs. Ingargiola received her Bachelor's Degree from Boston University and her Master's Degree from the University of South Florida.  On March 31, 2016, Mr. Carlie Ancor (45) was appointed to the Board of Directors and serves as a non-independent director. Mr. Ancor is currently the Company's Chief Technology Officer. Mr. Ancor began his tenure as the Chief Marketing Officer for FTE Networks Inc. in January 2015. Mr. Ancor is responsible for global marketing, product management and the customer experience. From 2008-2014, Mr. Ancor was managing director at Emerge Technology Solutions for Europe, the Middle East and Africa based in the United Arab Emirates where he was responsible for business development and growth, technology optimization, operational execution and quality of customer experience. Prior to that, he was an Executive Vice President for core IP and optical network development at Level 3 Communications in North America and Western Europe. Mr. Ancor attended Texas A&M University.  On March 31, 2016, Mr. Patrick O'Hare (48) was appointed to the Board of Directors and serves as an independent director. Mr. O'Hare has over 25 years experience in the telecommunications industry and is currently the Senior Vice President of Operations at ZenFi Networks, Inc. where he is responsible for network planning, engineering, operations, and service delivery. Prior to ZenFi, Mr. O'Hare was the Senior Vice President of Operations and Engineering at Sidera Networks where he led all operations, service delivery and engineering functions and was instrumental in the company's acquisition by Berkshire Partners. Mr. O'Hare was also the Senior Vice President of Operations and Engineering at RCN Metro, Sidera's predecessor company, and was integral to the company's acquisition by ABRY Partners and the successful separation of assets from the RCN Cable parent company. Previously, he was Vice President of Field Operations for Zayo Bandwidth, where he was responsible for all aspects of field operations and the company's fiber to the tower deployments. Prior to that, Patrick was Vice President for Field Operations for Level 3 Communications, where he was responsible for field operations, outside plant, colocation and facilities for the East region of North America. During his tenure at Level 3, Mr. O'Hare also held responsibility nationally for the company's Customer Program Management organization. Before joining Level 3 in 1999, he held several management positions of increasing responsibility in corporate communications, customer service and operations at Verizon's predecessor companies; New York Telephone, NYNEX and Bell Atlantic. Mr. O'Hare holds an MBA from Long Island University and a BA from the State University of New York - University at Albany.  On July 28, 2016, the Board of Directors of FTE Networks, Inc. (the "Company") approved the appointment of Michael Bonewitz as the Company's Chief Technology Officer commencing on August 24, 2016 and has replaced Carlie Ancor who will transition into a new role supporting the Company's major account sales strategy. Mr. Bonewitz has over 20 years of senior management experience in communications network engineering and information technology industries developing cutting edge capabilities via advanced IT automation and data analytics driving operational and financial performance. Prior to FTE, he was VP of Strategy and Product Development for Cloud services, Fiber engineering and construction at Nexius where he developed and launched the company's first fiber deployment program supporting multiple Tier 1 service providers in the US. He also led the company strategy and participation into Open Compute Project (OCP) as a Platinum member and as an original member of Facebook's Telcom Infra Project (TIP). He has held previous technology and engineering leadership positions with Ericsson, Zayo and Level 3.  On September 27, 2016, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Lynn Martin as Chief Operating Officer. As COO, Lynn Martin will be responsible for the prioritization and alignment of company initiatives overseeing, developing, and setting the strategic direction for the day-to-day operations of FTE Networks and ensuring operational excellence across the company. Prior to joining FTE, Lynn was head of the communications, software, and technology division of Nexius where he was responsible for growing the business by delivering end-to-end network solutions for emerging technologies, such as Open Source/NFV/SDN and infrastructure services that provided relevant value to customers and helped them to optimize their businesses. In addition to leading the software and technology teams, he created several new business offerings in Engineering, Fiber and Open Source development where he joined efforts with Open Compute Project and Telecom Infra Project communities both founded by Facebook to provide new network architectures and solutions with greater simplicity and efficiency. Before Nexius, Martin served as Executive Director of Telcordia Technologies, where he ran the company's next generation software product line, was a senior strategist in Accenture's Network Practice, and spent over a decade at Level 3 Communications at VP of Operational Integration and Process Management.  Critical Accounting Policies  There are no material changes from the critical accounting policies set forth in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" set forth in our Annual Report 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on January 13, 2016. Please refer to that document for disclosures regarding the critical accounting policies related to our business.  Segment Reporting  We operate in the telecommunications infrastructure services industry and the staffing industry. The following table summarizes financial information regarding our business segments during three months and nine months ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015.  Nov 21, 2016  (c) 1995-2016 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


We asked financial advisers: How realistic is Netflix’s new show, ‘Ozark’?


Dow 22,000 means the worst is yet to come


Why Dow 22,000 is not good news for most Americans















Most Popular





Apple’s stock could double on the ‘mother of all artificial-intelligence projects’





AMC hits record low as unrelentingly poor box office continues to take a toll





3 reasons a stock-market correction is coming in late summer or early fall





Why Dow 22,000 is not good news for most Americans





Here's who will pay to fix America's crumbling infrastructure




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







London Markets Close in:



Currencies
Futures
Metals Stocks


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Sales


Steel and Iron


Taxes


Earnings


Health Care


Banks and Banking




Credit


Ice


Markets


Politics and Government


Production


Gas Prices




Russia


Oil


U.S. Politics


Europe


London Markets


Architecture






People in the news



Li Ka-Shing


Musk, Elon


Trump, Donald


Buffett, Warren


David, George


George, David




Greenspan, Alan


Wilson, Michael


Gold, Howard


Hussein


Cook, Tim


Dauman, Philippe




Clarke, Andrew


Gates, Bill


Miles, David


Rodriguez, Alex


Disney, Walt


Martin, John






Companies in the news



Clorox Co.


Aetna Inc.


Performance


New York Mercantile Exchange


United Health Services


University Health Services




The Irvine


Capital One Financial


Communications Workers of America


Best Buy Co. Inc.


Kraft Foods Inc


Staples Inc.




Wal-Mart Stores


Whole Foods Market


Travel


Morgan Stanley


Facebook


International Data Group






Organizations in the news



American Petroleum Institute


OPEC


Securities and Exchange Commission


University of California


University of Pennsylvania


University of Southern California




University of Washington


Washington University


Bank of England


European Union


Nasdaq Stock Market


World Bank




Congress


University of Michigan


World Health Organization


Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Federal Reserve Board


European Central Bank












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




10:54 AM EDT
August 3, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
10:48aMeet this Trump addict whose ONE job is to offer bets on the Donald’s presidency
10:43aDow fights to trade above 22,000 as stocks struggle after lackluster services report
10:42aCollege costs are soaring — 6 things parents need to know about 529 tax deductions
10:37aWhat 'Flash Boys' Brad Katsuyama thinks is killing Wall Street trade
10:35aWhy the NFL should kill its Hall of Fame Game
10:35aTeva shares plummet 18% on cheaper generic drug prices, pull rivals lower
10:35aISM services index slows to 11-month low in July
10:33aWest Texas Intermediate prices up less than 0.1% at $49.61/bbl.
10:32aCrude-oil futures pare gain after EIA natural-gas inventory report 
10:31aPound slides after BOE keeps rates at record low, cuts wage forecast
10:26aTranscript shows Trump asked Pena Nieto to stop saying Mexico wouldn’t pay for wall  
10:25aGold deepens pullback from nearly 8-week highs as dollar index stabilizes
10:15aVanEck Vectors Generic Drugs ETF drops 2.5% after Teva reports difficult generics environment
10:14aPerrigo shares drop 3.3% after Teva generics revenue came in below expectations
10:13aWhy women are poised to make a terrible mistake when it comes to their money 
10:13aMylan shares drop 3.5% after Teva reports generics revenue was below expectations
10:12aDon’t go there: Parents should avoid these 3 student loan risks
10:11aU.S. factory orders rise 3% in June on solid aircraft orders
10:10aThis Olympic skier took some financial falls, too
10:06aDecember gold off at 0.3% at $1,274.70/oz. 
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
22,029.64

+13.40
+0.06%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,350.38

-12.26
-0.19%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,474.14

-3.43
-0.14%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Michael Bonewitz, Fte Networks Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Michael "Mike" Bonewitz

Chief Technology Officer,
Fte Networks Inc






Career History




Chief Technology Officer
Fte Networks Inc, 8/2016-PRESENT


VP:Strategy & Product Devlopment
Nexius Inc, FORMER









Website:
www.ftenetworkservices.com






Corporate Information
Address:

999 Vanderbilt Beach Road
Suite 601
Naples, FL 34108
United States


Phone:
1-877-878-8136


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.ftenetworkservices.com











From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






























 


Management Team :: FTE Networks, Inc. (FTNW)



























  









OTCQX: FTNW



























Management Team
About















	About






Management Team



Michael Palleschi
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
Michael Palleschi has more than 18 years of experience in the telecom industry. Currently as CEO, Mr. Palleschi is taking a hands-on approach to overseeing day-to-day operation for all core business structures. Responsibilities include supervising the managerial team, ensuring project efficiency from on-boarding to completion, maintaining corporate communication, new business development, office advancement, vendor and client relations, corporate compliance continuance, procurement and contracts, operations, budget management and turn-around operations.
As a customer focused and results driven executive, Mr. Palleschi has a proven talent for harnessing cutting-edge technology to strengthen corporate systems and maximize operations. He is an established business cultivator that has aggressive experience in managing small to large firms, through the period of company launch to multi-million-dollar success and has done so in highly technical fields. With his expert knowledge in developing and delivering communications networks, he has maintained a reputable record of aligning corporate processes with the company growth strategy. His core competency is based on streamlining operations, improving service-delivery efficiency and enhancing the bottom line. Being a decisive, results-driven project and program leader, Mr. Palleschi has remained committed to reducing costs and increasing ROI through constant technical innovation. 



Anthony Sirotka
Chief Business Development Officer
Anthony Sirotka joined the FTE Networks team in 2014 bringing more than 20 years of experience in the telecommunications and construction industry. Mr. Sirotka is responsible for overseeing engineering, analyzing and developing new market initiatives, customer relationships, negotiating contracts and closing deals. Prior to joining FTE, Mr. Sirotka was Principal of LQ Optics, a NYC based telecommunications infrastructure solution firm.
In 1999, Mr. Sirotka served as the Senior Northeast Program Manager with Level 3 Communications. There, he was responsible for more than $500 million of mission-critical new construction in the northeast. Since 2009, Mr. Sirotka has been serving as an active board member on the 1420 York Avenue Condominium Board. 



Lynn Martin
Chief Operating Officer and Chairman of the Strategic Advisory Board
Prior to joining FTE, Lynn was head of the communications, software, and technology division of Nexius where he was responsible for growing the business by delivering end-to-end network solutions for emerging technologies, such as Open Source/NFV/SDN and infrastructure services that provided relevant value to customers and helped them to optimize their businesses. In addition to leading the software and technology teams, he created several new business offerings in Engineering, Fiber and Open Source development where he joined efforts with Open Compute Project and Telecom Infra Project communities both founded by Facebook to provide new network architectures and solutions with greater simplicity and efficiency. Before Nexius, Martin served as Executive Director of Telcordia Technologies, where he ran the company's next generation software product line, was a senior strategist in Accenture's Network Practice, and spent over a decade at Level 3 Communications at VP of Operational Integration and Process Management. 



David Lethem
Chief Financial Officer
David Lethem was named Chief Financial Officer of FTE in June 2014. Mr. Lethem is responsible for the financial management of the Company. He was originally hired by FTE in April 2014 as VP of Corporate Compliance. Prior to joining FTE, he was the Director of Finance and Audit for Audit Management Solutions, Incorporated since November of 2007. He was directly responsible for the financial, operational and audit management of both public and private companies during that time, working the banking, telecommunications, mobile marketing, manufacturing and finance sectors. Additionally, Mr. Lethem’s experience during that time involved reverse mergers, SEC compliance, international operations and technical accounting matters. 



Kirstin Gooldy
Chief Compliance Officer
Kirstin Gooldy is responsible for leading Compliance, Capital Markets, Merger and Acquisitions, Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations.  Ms. Gooldy has over 22 years senior management experience in telecommunications and technology. Her experience spans across public and private, internal and domestic companies leading strategy, operations, finance/accounting, capital markets and compliance. Prior to joining FTE Networks, she was the CFO and Board Member of Powerstorm ESS leading the team in its Investor Relations, Capital Raise, Financial Accounting and Public Reporting, Corporate Governance. She led the organization's key strategic initiatives; public company NASDAQ uplist, international expansion, aggressive growth strategies. She was a founding member of TelePacific Communications where she served as the Director of Finance and Treasury. She managed and led the company's Capital Raise initiatives, investor relations, treasury management, financial controls, corporate compliance, merger and acquisitions, and contract management. Her background and experience provide for the demonstrated ability to streamline business operations, drive growth and increase efficiency delivering top line growth and bottom-line profit. Ms. Gooldy possesses solid leadership, strong qualifications in developing and implementing financial controls and processes in addition to productivity, improvements and change management.
She currently serves on the board for National Waste Management Holdings (NWMH). 



Michael Bonewitz
Chief Technology Officer
.Mr. Bonewitz has over 20 years of senior management experience in communications network engineering and information technology industries developing cutting edge capabilities via advanced IT automation and data analytics driving operational and financial performance. Prior to FTE, he was VP of Strategy and Product Development for Cloud services, Fiber engineering and construction at Nexius where he developed and launched the company’s first fiber deployment program supporting multiple Tier 1 service providers in the US. He also led the company strategy and participation in Open Compute Project (OCP) as a Platinum member and as an original member of Facebook’s Telcom Infra Project (TIP). He has held previous technology and engineering leadership positions focused on NFV/SDN, Network Optimization and integration with Ericsson, Zayo and Level 3. 

 



Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Sign up today



 




Fte Networks, Inc.                                                                                                       - Naples                                            , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Naples



Telephone Communication, Except Radio



Telephone Communication, Except Radio



                            Fte Networks, Inc.
                                    



 





























Fte Networks, Inc.                                                                                                      
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



999 VANDERBILT BEACH RD # 601                                    SUITE 601 NAPLES, FL 34108
Get Directions



(877) 878-8136
 
dlethem@ftenet.com





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated NV
 Annual Revenue $12,269,079.00
 Employee Count 44
 Industries Telephone Communication, Except Radio
 Contacts Michael Palleschi                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


FTE Networks is comprised of committed professionals with diverse abilities and experiences who share a common vision: to provide unbiased business advice to our clients in the optimization and management of their telecommunications and technology systems. The challenge for all companies is choosing where and how to participate in evolving markets while ensuring that their core businesses are operating at full potential. FTE Networks helps clients around the world enter new

markets, defend existing ones, improve performance, control costs and profitably invest resources.

FTE Networks, Inc. is headquartered in Naples, Florida, with offices throughout the United States and Europe. FTE Networks is a provider of international and regional telecommunications and technology systems and infrastructure services. FTE Networks also offers managed information technology, telecommunications services and subscriber based services in select markets. We provide a range of services centered on quality, efficiency and customer service.









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    2 - 23 - 2016
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
VERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    Closed

                                                
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    8:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    8:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    8:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    8:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Friday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    8:00AM - 5:00PM




                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                            
                                                
                                                    Closed

                                                
                                            
                                        













VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.























FTE NETWORKS INC COM USD0.001 - OTC:FTNW - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet




























 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street










































 

















FTE NETWORKS INC COM USD0.001 (FTNW)
Follow




                                    0.57
                                

0.00
0.17




                        OTC 
                    

Aug 2, 2017 3:54 PM EDT












Prev Close
  0.58


Open
0.57


Day Low/High

                                    0.50 /
                                    0.57


52 Wk Low/High

                                    0.27 /
                                    1.12
                                


Volume
20.97K











Exchange
OTC


Shares Outstanding
127.29B


Market Cap
73.32M


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




FTE Networks Acquires Benchmark Builders, Leading Construction Manager With 2016 Revenues Of $386 Million






FTE Networks Expands Resources To Accelerate Sales; Appoints Bill Leonard VP Of Sales, Central And Eastern Regions













FTE Networks And Benchmark Builders To Join Forces
FTE Networks, Inc. (OTCQX:FTNW) ("FTE" or the "Company"), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider in the technology and communications industries, today announced a definitive agreement to join forces with...

Mar 9, 2017 8:30 AM EST









FTE Launches First Compute-to-The-Edge Facility
FTE Networks, Inc. (OTCQX:FTNW) ("FTE" or the "Company"), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider in the technology and communications industries, today announced that it has begun installing its first...

Feb 1, 2017 8:30 AM EST













FTE Networks Reports Preliminary Unaudited 2016 4th Quarter Revenue Of $5.1 Million With Positive Net Income; Announces 2017 Strategy
FTE Networks, Inc. (OTCQX:FTNW) ("FTE" or the "Company"), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider in the technology and communications industries, today announced that its unaudited fourth quarter 2016 revenue...

Jan 25, 2017 8:30 AM EST













FTE Networks Receives $1.2M Purchase Order From $10M Opportunity
FTE Networks, Inc. (OTCQX:FTNW) ("FTE" or the "Company"), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider in the technology and communications industries, today announced that it has received a $1.

Jan 19, 2017 8:30 AM EST













FTE Networks Acquires Assets Of Midwest Underground Solutions To Help Fill $52 Million Backlog
FTE Networks, Inc. (OTCQX:FTNW) ("FTE" or the "Company"), a leading network infrastructure solutions provider to the technology and communications service provider industries, today announced that it has acquired specific...

Jan 17, 2017 8:30 AM EST






















From Our Partners



FTE Networks reports Q1 results

SeekingAlpha



FTE Networks reports FY results

SeekingAlpha



FTE Networks reports Q3 results

SeekingAlpha
























 








Trending


Tim Cook on Trump's Claim that Apple Is Building 3 U.S. Factories: 'There's More We Can Do'


Here's How Much Money Warren Buffett Has Made on Apple Stock in 2017 Alone


Tesla Employees Won't Talk to You About the Model 3 in Stores but They May Try to Sell You Solar


It Has Gotten So Sad for Costco and Sam's Club They Are Discounting Stuff on Groupon


Amazon the Next RadioShack?











Advertising Partners
 
 
 
 













 












 


































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers
 
 
 
 
 
 










	Frontline Products


















































  Teledyne LeCroy - Home   
              shop.fte.com   
             
                    Welcome: Guest!
                
             &nbsp[ Login ]
        
        








Home


Products




                  Frontline Sodera 
                




                  Frontline Sodera LE
                




                  TLF3000 Bluetooth Tester
                




              More Bluetooth Products... ⇨
            




                  Wideband / Full Spectrum ⇨
                




                      Frontline Sodera
                    




                      Frontline Sodera LE
                    






                  Dual Mode (BR/EDR/LE) ⇨
                




                      Frontline Sodera
                    




                      Frontline BPA 600
                    






                  Low Energy (LE) ⇨
                




                      Frontline Sodera
                    




                      Frontline Sodera LE
                    




                      Frontline BPA 600
                    




                      Frontline BPA low energy
                    






                  Production / PHY Tester ⇨
                




                      TLF3000 Bluetooth Tester
                    






                  HCI Analyzers ⇨
                




                      Frontline SD
                    




                      Frontline HSU
                    






                  Audio Expert System
                




                  Protocol Expert System
                




                  Frontline BPA 100
                







              Additional Technologies... ⇨
            




                  Genos GNSS Simulator
                





                  Frontline 802.11
                




                  Frontline NFC
                




                  Frontline SD
                





                  Frontline HSU
                






              Industrial Analyzers ⇨
            




                  Serialtest
                




                  NetDecoder
                




                  Ethernet ComProbe
                







              Maintenance Mode Analyzers ⇨
            




                  Frontline USB
                




                  Frontline BPA 500
                




                  Frontline FTS4BT
                







Services


Innovator Suite  ⇨




                      Bluetooth Low Energy Innovator Suite




Automotive Cellular Testing


Interoperability Testing


Robustness Testing


Product Specification Validation


Component Evaluation


Industry Baseline Testing


Consulting




Support


Technical Support



Videos


Drivers


Software Downloads



Documentation




Training


Reseller Portal




About Us


Company Profile


Contact


Resellers


News


Press Kit - Images


Careers


Industry Groups


Links




Where To Buy




































Order



Contact Us


Reseller Portal











    Frontline® Developer Tools







Bluetooth Analyzers
    



          Wideband Analyzers
        



              Frontline Sodera
            



              Frontline Sodera LE
            





          Dual Mode Analyzers
        



              Frontline Sodera
            



              Frontline BPA 600
            





Bluetooth "Classic" Analyzers
        



              Frontline Sodera
            



              Frontline BPA 600
            





Bluetooth low energy Analyzers
        



              Frontline Sodera
            



              Frontline Sodera LE
            



              Frontline BPA 600
            



              Frontline BPA low energy
            





          Audio Expert System Software Module
        









Bluetooth Production / PHY



          TLF3000 Bluetooth Tester / PHY Tester
        




NFC Analyzer



                    Frontline NFC
                




802.11 Analyzer



          Frontline 802.11
        





SD / SDIO Analyzer



          Frontline SD (SD/SDIO/MMC/SPI)
        




HSU Analyzer



          Frontline High Speed UART
        





Maintenance Mode Products




              Frontline USB (FTS4USB)
            



                  Frontline BPA 500
                



                  Frontline FTS4BT
                









    Frontline Industrial Network Tools






NetDecoder for serial, SCADA and Ethernet


DH Plus


DeviceNet


ControlNet




Serial Analyzers (RS-232/422/485)


Ethernet Network Tap



Synchronous Serial Analyzer







    Frontline Testing Services






Interoperability Testing


Robustness Testing


Product Specification Validation


Component Evaluation


Industry Baseline Testing


Technology Consulting Services








Frontline® Products






Software & Hardware Engineering Tools







 Frontline® SoderaTM Wideband Bluetooth® Protocol Analyzer
Order

Download





 Frontline Sodera LE Wideband Bluetooth® Protocol Analyzer
Order

Download





 TLF3000 Bluetooth Tester / PHY Tester
Order

Download





 Frontline BPA® 600 Dual Mode Bluetooth® 
					Protocol Analyzer
Order

Download





 Bluetooth Protocol Expert System software module
Order

Download





 Bluetooth Audio Expert System software module
Order

Download





 Frontline 802.11 a/b/g/n Protocol Analyzer
Order

Download





 Frontline NFC Protocol Analyzer
Order

Download





 Frontline BPA low energy Analyzer
Order

Download




 BPA 100 Bluetooth Protocol Analyzer
Order
N/A




 Frontline SD Protocol Analyzer
Order

Download





 Frontline High Speed UART (HSU) Protocol Analyzer
Order

Download






 IEEE 11073+ Analyzer
Free

Download





 




Industrial Network Diagnostics Tools






NetDecoder™: Industrial Network Analyzer
The NetDecoder analyzer supports these technologies:





Serial Protocols


Modbus RTU
Modbus ASCII
DNP3 over serial
DF1/PCCC
IEC 60870-5-101
IEC 60870-5-103
BSAP Bristol Babcock
ABB COMLI
Emerson ROC
BACNet
IEC-60870-5-102
Saia-Burgess S-Bus
CC-Link




Ethernet Protocols


Modbus/TCP
EtherNet/IP (CIP and PCCC)
Allen-Bradley’s CSP/PCCC
DNP3 over Ethernet
IEC 60870-5-104
PROFINET
CC-Link IE




Industrial Bus Protocols


Allen-Bradley’s Data Highway Plus (DH+)
DeviceNet
ControlNet
Allen-Bradley DH-485
CAN 2.0 A





Order

Download




 




Serial & Ethernet Network Sniffers and Protocol Analyzers







Serialtest®: Asynchronous RS-232/422/485 Serial Protocol Analyzer
Order

Download







					Ethernet ComProbe®: Frontline's portable, non-intrusive, aggregator Ethernet Tap
Order

Download
 




					Ethertest: The Ethernet Communications Analyzer and Monitor
Free

Download




 



Current Product Release Versions 



Product Locator


Use this tool if you are not sure which product you need. Just 
			pick the appropriate selections and we will point you to the right 
			product.









--- Select Your Application ---
Bluetooth
Bluetooth Classic
Bluetooth Classic - Apple Products (MFi)
Bluetooth Dual Mode
Bluetooth low energy
Building Automation
Ethernet
Factory Automation
GNSS/GPS
HCI/HSU
Industrial Automation (IA)
NFC
Oil & Gas
SCADA
SD/SDIO/SPI
Serial Link (RS-XXX) - Asynchronous Data Only
Serial Link (RS-XXX) - Synchronous Data
USB
Waste/Wastewater
Wi-Fi (802.11)


- OR - 

--- Select Your Protocol --
ABB (Asea Brown Boveri)
Allen Bradley
ASCII (Modbus)
AT Commands (Bluetooth)
AT Commands (Serial/Asynchronous)
AVCTP
AVDTP
BACnet
BACnet IP
BACnet MS/TP
BACnet PTP
Baseband
BCSP (BlueCore Serial Protocol)
Bisync
BNEP
BSAP
CAN 2.0A
CIP
COMLI
CSP
DeviceNet
DF1/PCCC
DH-485
DH+
DNP3
EtherNet/IP
Frame Relay
H4 (HCI UART)
HCI (Serial/Bluetooth)
HCI (USB/Bluetooth)
HCI UART (H4)
HCRP
HDLC (Bluetooth)
HDLC (Serial/Synchronous)
HID
IEC-870-5-101
IEC-870-5-103
IEC-870-5-104
IBM NetBIOS
ISO CLNP
L2CAP
LMP
Modbus
Modbus ASCII
Modbus RTU
Modbus/TCP
Monosync
Novell NetWare
Monosync
Novell NetWare
OBEX
PCCC
PPP (Bluetooth)
PPP (Serial/Asynchronous)
PPP (Serial/Synchronous)
RFCOMM
ROC
ROC+
Rockwell Automation
RTU (Modbus)
SDLC
SDP
SLIP (Asynchronous)
SLIP (Synchronous)
SMB
SNA
TCP (Modbus)
TCP/IP (Bluetooth
TCP/IP (Ethernet)
TCP/IP (Serial/Asynchronous)
TCP/IP (Serial/Synchronous)
TCS
X.25



 
          




 




Discontinued Products


Frontline has discontinued these products:

Serialtest ComProbe: Sync & Async Serial Data Sniffer & Analyzer.
SerialBERT Async.
SerialBERT ComProbe.
Serialtest MLT.
FTS4NTCIP
BPA100/105
MeshDecoder




Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC)


Frontline Test Equipment is engaged in working with our suppliers to eliminate the possibility of conflict minerals being used in our products.  
    This process is currently in process using the resources of the Electronic Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC).






US & CANADA 800-359-8570 | International +1-434-984-4500 | Frontline_OnlineSales@teledyne.com | Site Map | Blog | Terms and Conditions
Copyright © 2017 Teledyne LeCroy, Inc., d.b.a. Teledyne LeCroy | All Rights reserved.  Privacy Policy | Terms of Use




















