




Product Manager Job - Singapore Telecommunications Limited - 5882491 | JobStreet

























 




















Search









Home
Search Jobs
Company Profiles
MyJobStreet 



                            Friends                        

Training

More 

Overseas Jobs
Fresh Grad Jobs
Classified Jobs










 












Advanced 

Employers









 











Product Manager

Singapore Telecommunications Limited












			Min 6 years (Manager) 
		








			Singapore - Central		















 JOB DESCRIPTION
 Develop and manage new Regional SIP service to complement domestic SIP Trunking serives to complete Singtel SIP Trunking offer to customers in Singapore with regional presence, strengthening the proposition of SIP Trunking in defending legacy ISDN services, maintaining leadership in this Voice trunk market.Manage new government WAN project, develop process and manage project P&LDevelop product features, pricing plan, and business processes for new services. Work with Engineering, IS and Operations on the development of new servicesIdentify target market and product positioning of new servicesDevelop product strategies and manage product life cycleDevelop product costing with Finance and maintain an updated set of product costing.  Continuously review product processes and cost components to reduce product costing and increase product profitabilityEnsure continuous process review and improvement to enhance customer experience, operational efficiency as well as reduce cost.Monitor and ensure that revenue and profitability targets of the product are met.  Detect any negative trends, investigate and explain any anomalies in revenue or costing trends and propose solutions to correct itEnhance product features and review pricing to ensure product competitiveness and service quality based on benchmarks/feedbacksEnsure availability and timeliness of product information to internal stakeholders as well as provide product training to various stakeholders.Analyze market and competitive information to identify market needs and corresponding product enhancements / development requiredDevelop product policies and ensure regulatory complianceEngage customer for better understanding of market demand and sensingEngage sales and segments to gain mindshare and drive towards product revenue/drivers targetsThe idea candidate should possess: Degree in Engineering, Business Administration or MarketingPreferably with 2-3 years of Product Management / Product Marketing experienceKnowledge of SIP/VOIP, layer 3 WAN connectivity, internet & telecommunications industry.  Technical knowledge in Layer 3 Services would be advantageous.Keen sense of technology developments, market trends, and needs of the data communications market.Achievement and customer oriented.Creative and with drive. 


 



WORK LOCATION										View larger map / directions							View larger map							





Address				
31, Exeter Road Comcentre Singapore 239732










						COMPANY SNAPSHOT			            


					Average Processing Time 


										More Than 2 Weeks					
									


Registration No.

199201624D



Industry
Telecommunication


Facebook Fan Page

https://www.facebook.com/singtel



Company Size
More than 5000 Employees


Dress Code

						Business (e.g. Shirts)					


Benefits

						Medical, Sports (e.g. Gym), Family-friendly policies, SingTel Recreation Club, Work-life coaching					


Spoken Language

						English					



 



 COMPANY PHOTOS

























 


 COMPANY OVERVIEW




			The Singtel Group is Asia's leading communications group. We provide a diverse range of services including fixed, mobile, data, internet, TV and infocomms technology (ICT) as well as digital solutions.

			 

			Our main operations are in Singapore and Australia. Headquartered in Singapore, Singtel has more than 130 years of operating experience and has played a pivotal role in the country's development as a major communications hub. Today, we continue to lead and shape the local consumer and enterprise market. Our Australian arm, Optus is a leader in integrated telecommunications, constantly raising the bar in innovative products and services.

			 

			We are a major communications player in Asia and Africa through our strategic investments in five regional mobile operators, namely Telkomsel (Indonesia), Globe Telecom (the Philippines), Advanced Info Service (Thailand) and PBTL (Bangladesh). The Group also has investments in Bharti Airtel (India), which has significant presence in Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Africa.

			 

			We are a long term strategic investor and work closely with our associates to grow the business by leveraging our scale in networks, customer reach and extensive operational experience. The Group serves over 500 million mobile customers around the world.

			 
		Singtel is the largest listed company on the Singapore Exchange by market capitalisation. We are also listed on the Australian Securities Exchange following our acquisition of Optus in August 2001. To serve the needs of multinational corporations, Singtel has a vast network of offices in countries and territories throughout Asia Pacific, in Europe and the USA, while Optus has a network of offices around Australia.  The Group employs more than 22,000 staff worldwide.


	 



 









 

Save this job








Apply Now






Advertised: 12-July-2017



							  							     Closing in 7 days |
							  							  Closing on 11-August-2017









 
Jobs in SG
Marketing/Business Development Jobs 
Product Management Jobs 
Jobs in Telecommunication Industry 
product manager Jobs 
















Singapore Telecommunications Limited: The Bid for Cable & Wireless HKT Limited - ACRC































New Customer
					
						| Sign In








































 

 

































Advanced Search 


 
 





























 


Topic Index



Industry & Company Index



Most Popular Cases



Newly Released Cases



SME Cases Series




China
                  Cases Series





India
                  Cases Series





IT
                  Industry Transformation Series






                  Cases in Chinese 






                  Cases in Other Languages  




Project SARS Rebound






































 











Case Details:
















































Singapore Telecommunications Limited: The Bid for Cable & Wireless HKT Limited  

			
































Product Ref:
00/69C

Company:

SingTel
			



Product Type:
Case

Industry:

Telecommunication Services
			



Related Product(s):

Teaching Note










Authors:
Ko Wang   Su Han Chan   Mary Ho




In late January 2000, Cable & Wireless plc ("C&W") and Singapore Telecommunications Limited ("SingTel") unveiled a proposed merger of equals between Cable & Wireless HKT ("HKT") and SingTel. Both HKT and SingTel were the leading telecoms operators in their local markets, and a merger between the two would create the second-largest full service telecoms provider in Asia outside Japan. Nonetheless, the proposed deal was received coolly in Hong Kong and Singapore owing to uncertainty over its political and financial ramifications. Meanwhile, Pacific Century CyberWorks Limited ("PCCW"), a leading Internet start-up in Hong Kong, was considering launching a rival bid before SingTel sealed a deal with C&W. This case is part of the three-part case series about the bid for Cable & Wireless HKT Limited. It can be used in conjunction with "The Divestiture of Cable & Wireless HKT Limited" (ref: 00/73C) and "Pacific Century CyberWorks Limited: The Bid for Cable & Wireless HKT Limited" (ref: 00/72C) in a bilateral/trilateral negotiation exercise. It may also be taught singly in the usual case discussion fashion. This case serves as a useful vehicle for students to explore the making of a cross-border merger decision.















Functional Area :

Finance & InvestmentsHuman Resource ManagementStrategy & General Management
				


Issues:
Merger and cross-border investment


Length:

		Text: 9 pages  Exhibits: 13 pages
			

Country:

Hong Kong SARSingapore (Rep. of)
			



Pub. Year:
2002

Level of Difficulty:
2




 
 
 
 
 


This product type is available in the following language(s):      
English   French
				



 
 
 
 
 


Related Information:


This case was used in the 2002 Concordia MBA Case Competition held in Montreal, Canada.






 




This case is UGC funded.
	













Order This Item


Type
Language
Quantity *
Unit Price


Case (00/69C)
				



English
French






				HK$58 / US$7.5











				
		
      * Order quantity should include copies that you plan to make
        for class use or distribute for other purposes.
        You will not be shipped hard copies for cases. 










 


























































































© 2017, Asia Case Research Centre, HKU. All Rights Reserved.
          Best viewed with IE 6, Netscape 6 or higher
PRIVACY POLICY | COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
           | PERMISSIONS | FACULTY OF BUSINESS AND ECONOMICS






















Singapore Telecommunications Limited



 








































It
'
s more than just a location search
.









 Find Businesses
Find Addresses
Find Bus Info
Get Direction









Company Names: 
                                                                                        Alpha Dental, 
                                                                                        Maxi Cash, 
                                                                                        Raffles Medical, 
                                                                                        Class Auto


Product & Services: 
                                                                                        Beauty Salons, 
                                                                                        Car Repairs, 
                                                                                        Storage System, 
                                                                                        Buffet Catering, 
                                                                                        Laminated Glass


Products & Services in an Area: 
                                                                                        Lawyers in Orchard, 
                                                                                        Hair Salons in Bedok


Search Company Names by Tel Number: 
                                                                                        64744005, 
                                                                                        +6564744005






Building Names: 
                                                                                        Wisma Atria, 
                                                                                        Marina Bay Sands, 
                                                                                        Sentosa Cove


District & Island: 
                                                                                        Bedok, 
                                                                                        Jurong, 
                                                                                        Changi, 
                                                                                        Chinatown, 
                                                                                        Sentosa, 
                                                                                        Kusu Islands


Street Names: 
                                                                                        Tanglin Road, 
                                                                                        313@Somerset, 
                                                                                        201 Victoria Street


Landmarks: 
                                                                                        ERP Gantry, 
                                                                                        Mosque, 
                                                                                        Expressway Exits, 
                                                                                        Merlion






Bus Service No: 
                                                                                        14, 
                                                                                        Bus Number 12


Bus Stop: 
                                                                                        Bus Stop B90011, 
                                                                                        Bus B20341


Bus Stop Near: 
                                                                                        Bus Stop Near Jurong MRT, 
                                                                                        Bus Stop @ Jurong Library






                                             
                                                                                        Add "to" after your address to display Directions for A to Be.g 159556 to 238869 or 159556 to Jurong MRT 








 


Try to Search

 



Addresse.g                                        
                            Sim Lim Square                        ,                                            
                            248649                          

Product & Servicee.gAccountants, Hair Salons, Massage 

Business Namese.g                                        
                            Avis Car Rental                        ,                                            
                            Raffles Medical                          

Directionse.g                                        
                            Wheelock to Jurong MRT                        ,                                            
                            Bus No 14                          

Populare.g                                        
                            Pallet Racking                        ,                                            
                            Racking System                        ,                                            
                            Blood in Urine                          









Search for any Business, Industry, Address, Phone, or Bus No. here!




eg. Accountants or Hair Salons or Massage 












My Account



 


company_detail
business
-ddheader








































































































































































Singapore Telecommunications Limited
















                                                    6838 3388                                                






													Address
												
Comcentre, 31 Exeter Road, (S)239732 



















Home





Enquiry





Map





Tips



 















About Us

Edit



                                                                        SingTel is Asia's leading communications company, providing a diverse range of communication services and solutions, including fixed, mobile, data, Internet, info-communications technology, satellite and pay TV. We are the largest listed company on the Singapore Exchange by market capitalisation. We are also listed on the Australian Securities Exchange as a result of our acquisition of Optus, the second largest communications provider in Australia, in September 2001.                                    






Map

Edit Address
















»


Address

Comcentre, 31 Exeter Road, (S)239732 





»


Building image


 












You might like this

What's This?








Call Answering Machine


Telecommunication Company


Telecommunications


Wireless Communication System









Similar Businesses


Remove Ads












Cal 4 Care Pte Ltd

Cal4care is a market driven company that is changing the way businesses mark,...


                                        HDB Aljunied #07-102, 118 Aljunied Avenue 2, (S)380118 | Tel : 63401005                                     



















 



 












5,118 people spotted Singapore Telecommunications Limited.



Rizka



Zaidawatie



Mariza



Christine



Beny



Angela



Tetra



Viswanathan





If you are the owner of this venture, 
to claim this listing.





				Advertise on Streetdirectory Business Pages and
				Drive more traffic to your Business! From $2 a day. more info


^  








Personal | Singtel





















































 
	

















































Get up to 52% OFF popular handsets
								








Online Exclusive Business Broadband Deals
								








Singtel Newsstand National Day Promo
								








Exclusive mobile phone deals with Singtel Dash
								








Singtel National Day 2017
								








Singtel Music 52¢ National Day Promo
								






















1


2


3


4


5


6



Prev
Next





























Best Selling Phone







Samsung Galaxy S8+




From $129 (U.P. $268)
On Combo 4 Plan


Additional $30 OFF when you buy online


Buy Now











My Account
Enjoy the benefits of managing your services online: Check outstanding bill balance, recontract eligibility and more










Login to My Account&nbsp


Register for OnePass&nbsp














For Your Business
Power the future of your business with Singtel’s one-stop ICT services and solutions in the region and worldwide









Latest Mobile Deals&nbsp


Products & Services&nbsp


Enterprise Services&nbsp






































Phones & Plans


Stay connected wherever you go with phones and plans

























Internet


Get online at home and on the go with high-speed internet

























Apps & TV


Live your digital life to the fullest with apps and TV

























Promotions & Bundles


Get the hottest deals and enjoy great value with our bundles







































All Postpaid Plans&nbsp


All Mobile Phones&nbsp


Latest Samsung Phones&nbsp














Fibre BroadBand&nbsp


Mobile BroadBand&nbsp


4G BroadBand on Laptops & Tablets&nbsp














NewsLoop&nbsp


Singtel Dash&nbsp


Singtel TV&nbsp














Latest Promotion&nbsp


See All Bundles&nbsp
















 






















































Product Manager (Carrier Ethernet) Job - Singapore Telecommunications Limited - 5941569 | JobStreet

























 




















Search









Home
Search Jobs
Company Profiles
MyJobStreet 



                            Friends                        

Training

More 

Overseas Jobs
Fresh Grad Jobs
Classified Jobs










 












Advanced 

Employers









 











Product Manager (Carrier Ethernet)

Singapore Telecommunications Limited












			Min 7 years (Manager) 
		








			Singapore - Central		















 JOB DESCRIPTION
 Responsibilities• Responsible for managing C+ IPLC (International Private Leased Circuit), C+ E-Line and the development of new International Carrier Ethernet products• Develop and manage product portfolio to meet the needs of existing and new customer segments.• Plan and develop new products/features to ensure product relevance and meet changing market needs.• Manage cost structure (internal & external), product profitability and customer value.• Regularly monitors product quality against target levels and trigger corrective action where necessary.• Understand market needs; keep abreast of technology developments/trends and competitive situation.• Monitor and analyse product performance as well as manage product life cycle to maximize revenue and profitable market share.• Work with Marketing team to develop product strategies and determine market segmenting, targeting and positioning.• Work with Information Systems (IS) and Billing Systems (BS) teams to support product requirements.• Develop product policies and ensure consistency of execution internally and externally.• Analyse product requirement for major submarine cable projects and make recommendation to Management on cable investment decisions. The interested applicant should possess:• Degree in Engineering, Business Administration or Marketing, minimal 3 years of Product Management / Product Development experience in telecommunications industry.• Good written and oral communications skills.• Knowledge of telecommunications industry, sound technical knowledge in Carrier Ethernet and IPLC Services will be an added advantage.• Keen sense of technology developments, market trends, and needs of the data communications market.• Achievement and customer oriented. Independent, creative and with drive.• Have the drive, energy and commitment to succeed in winning in a competitive market environment.  


 



WORK LOCATION										View larger map / directions							View larger map							





Address				
31, Exeter Road Comcentre Singapore 239732










						COMPANY SNAPSHOT			            


					Average Processing Time 


										More Than 2 Weeks					
									


Registration No.

199201624D



Industry
Telecommunication


Facebook Fan Page

https://www.facebook.com/singtel



Company Size
More than 5000 Employees


Dress Code

						Business (e.g. Shirts)					


Benefits

						Medical, Sports (e.g. Gym), Family-friendly policies, SingTel Recreation Club, Work-life coaching					


Spoken Language

						English					



 



 COMPANY PHOTOS

























 


 COMPANY OVERVIEW




			The Singtel Group is Asia's leading communications group. We provide a diverse range of services including fixed, mobile, data, internet, TV and infocomms technology (ICT) as well as digital solutions.

			 

			Our main operations are in Singapore and Australia. Headquartered in Singapore, Singtel has more than 130 years of operating experience and has played a pivotal role in the country's development as a major communications hub. Today, we continue to lead and shape the local consumer and enterprise market. Our Australian arm, Optus is a leader in integrated telecommunications, constantly raising the bar in innovative products and services.

			 

			We are a major communications player in Asia and Africa through our strategic investments in five regional mobile operators, namely Telkomsel (Indonesia), Globe Telecom (the Philippines), Advanced Info Service (Thailand) and PBTL (Bangladesh). The Group also has investments in Bharti Airtel (India), which has significant presence in Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Africa.

			 

			We are a long term strategic investor and work closely with our associates to grow the business by leveraging our scale in networks, customer reach and extensive operational experience. The Group serves over 500 million mobile customers around the world.

			 
		Singtel is the largest listed company on the Singapore Exchange by market capitalisation. We are also listed on the Australian Securities Exchange following our acquisition of Optus in August 2001. To serve the needs of multinational corporations, Singtel has a vast network of offices in countries and territories throughout Asia Pacific, in Europe and the USA, while Optus has a network of offices around Australia.  The Group employs more than 22,000 staff worldwide.


	 



 









 

Save this job








Apply Now






Advertised: 03-August-2017



							  							  Closing on 17-August-2017









 
Jobs in SG
IT/Computer - Software Jobs 
Product Management Jobs 
Jobs in Telecommunication Industry 
product manager Jobs 





















































Tata Communications





















































From Partners to Podium Our network solutions give Formula 1® fans a truly immersive web experience Find Out more  





Customer Stories
Air France-KLM global business took off using our Global MPLS Connectivity Solutions 
Find Out more 











At the heart of your digital transformation lies our Tier-1 network. We deliver over 25% of the world’s internet routes, while over 70% of the world’s mobile operators already use our network to connect to you. So, imagine what we can do to help transform your business and enable borderless growth. 







Network 






Cloud & Data Centres 






Unified Communications 






Security 






Mobility & IoT 




Talk to the team 










Customer Stories
Our Video Connect Network helps VICE Media deliver superfast video regardless of location

Our Video Connect Network helps VICE Media deliver superfast video regardless of location

Read more







Customer Stories


Fortis use our Global VPN for a seamless and global link across its sites 
Read more




 


For Gammon, our network solutions provide a worldwide collaboration
Read more




 


Our OTT services helps ATN deliver an intuitive app format for content 
Read more







In the news

Press Release


Tata Communications rings in a solid Q1 performance; posts net profit of INR 323 Million




 

Press Release


Tata Communications and Formula 1® explore how Internet of Things could revolutionise the Grand Prix™ experience for fans




 

Press Release


Tata Communications expands IZO™ Private Cloud footprint in Europe, Middle East and Asia Pacific










Popular Solutions





Network

Using the world's largest global Tier-1 network we can help your business establish a presence in emerging markets with networking solutions including Ethernet and global VPN to meet enterprise requirements.

Read more




Cloud & Data Centres

With a wide array of services and the world’s largest fibre network, our innovative solutions give you one source for all your global communications needs. 

Read more




Unified Communications

Our unified communications services are supported by strategic partnerships that will transform how your people work together and create efficiencies that will boost productivity, while lowering operating expenditure.

Read more






Security

We can help defend your organisation from a wide range of network attacks through our innovative Adaptive Security framework. Fully customisable options will match your exact security requirements, and your budget. 

Read more




Mobility & IoT

We’re equipping enterprises to seize the immense opportunities in a world where people and things are always connected, and a world where the old barriers of networks and borders simply no longer apply.

Read more





















Singtel - Wikipedia






















 






Singtel

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from SingTel)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Singapore Telecommunications Limited





Formerly called

Private Telephone Exchange



Type

Public listed company


Traded as
SGX: Z74


Industry
Telecommunications


Founded
1879; 138 years ago (1879)


Headquarters
31 Exeter Rd, Singapore 239732



Area served

Asia, Australia and Africa



Key people

Chua Sock Koong (Group CEO)


Products
Fixed-line and mobile telephony, broadband and fixed-line internet services, digital television, IT and network services


Revenue
 $16.961 billion SGD (March 2016)



Operating income

 $5.013 billion SGD (March 2016)


Profit
 $3.871 billion SGD (March 2016)


Owner
Temasek Holdings



Number of employees

>25,000


Subsidiaries
Optus and NCS Pte Ltd


Website
singtel.com


Singapore Telecommunications Limited (commonly abbreviated as Singtel, and previously stylised as SingTel) is a Singaporean telecommunications company. With a combined mobile subscriber base of over 600 million customers in 25 countries at end of July, 2016,[1] it is one of the largest mobile network operators in Singapore and the 20–30 largest in the world.[2][3] The company was known as Telecommunications Equipment until 1995. Singtel provides ISP (SingNet), IPTV (Singtel TV) and mobile phone networks (Singtel Mobile)[4] and fixed line telephony services.
Singtel has expanded aggressively outside its home market and owns shares in many regional operators, including 100% of the second largest Australian telco, Optus, which was acquired in 2001 from Cable & Wireless and other shareholders of Optus, and 32.15% [5] of Bharti Airtel, the largest carrier in India.
Singtel controls significant market share in Singapore, with 82% of the fixed-line market, 47% of the mobile market and 43% of the broadband market in Singapore.[6] Singtel is also the largest company by market capitalisation listed on the Singapore Exchange and is majority owned by Temasek Holdings, the investment arm of the Singapore government. Singtel is an active investor in innovation companies through its Singtel Innov8 subsidiary, founded in 2011 with S$200 million.



Contents


1 History

1.1 1900s
1.2 2000s
1.3 2011-2014
1.4 2015-2017


2 Network and infrastructure
3 Key operating companies

3.1 Regional mobile subsidiaries
3.2 Mobile

3.2.1 Singtel Mobile


3.3 ICT
3.4 Digital
3.5 Internet & TV
3.6 Associate of the group


4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
1900s[edit]

1955: The Singapore Telephone Board (STB) is incorporated as a statutory board with exclusive rights to operate telephone service within Singapore. This is followed by the merger of STB and Telecommunications Authority of Singapore (TAS) in 1974. Up until that time, STB was responsible for local services, while TAS provided international services. 1982 saw the merger of the Postal Department with Telecoms.
1992: SingTel is incorporated in March (as Telecommunications Equipment) and became a public company in October 1993.[7]
1992: SingTel introduces the call zone service, made defunct in 1997.
1997 Singtel was compensated $1.5 billion by the Singaporean Government for early termination of its monopoly,[8] based on projected earnings lost between 2000 and 2007 due to its loss of monopoly.[9]

2000s[edit]

In 2000, Singtel lost its domestic monopoly in Singapore, with the government deregulating the telecommunications industry.[10][11]
2001: SingTel is awarded a 3G licence in April.
In March 2001, Singtel purchased Optus for between $7.4 billion to $8.5 billion[12]
2003: SingTel sells 60% of Singapore Post (SingPost) in May during an IPO in an effort to focus on its core telecommunications services business.
2003: SingTel divested its stakes in Yellow Pages in June, its directory business to CVC Asia Pacific and J.P. Morgan Partners Asia for S$220 million.[13]
2003: SingTel announced that it has appointed Ericsson as the vendor for its 3G network in Singapore in July.
2005: SingTel launches its commercial 3G services in February.
2007: mio TV was launched commercially on 20 July 2007 and began its services on 21 July 2007.
2007: SingTel Generation mio was launched commercially on 9 January 2007 and began its services on 21 January 2007
2008: SingTel and Apple jointly announced that SingTel will be the first mobile operator to launch the iPhone 3G and its services to Singapore in June.[14]
In the month of June, SingTel becomes the title sponsor of the inaugural Singapore Grand Prix in Singapore.
On 10 July 2009, SingTel launched the iPhone 3GS commercially in Singapore.[15]

2011-2014[edit]

In May 2011, SingTel announced that they will be aiming to double the size of its satellite business, with two additional launches by 2013.[16]
On November 2011, SingTel launched Singapore's first e-book provider, Skoob, which was available through the web, iOS or Android.[17][18]
2012: SingTel acquired mobile advertising technology company Amobee in March 2012 for $321 million.[19]
2012: SingTel secured broadcast rights for the 2012 Summer Olympics and provided 15 new ESPN STAR Sports channels free of charge to its mio TV Services.
2012: Singtel was fined $300,000 for breaches of the Service Resiliency Code by the IDA.[20]
Since December 2012, SingTel started providing 4G LTE services across Singapore.
Since 1 August 2013, mio TV was officially renamed SingTel TV.
In 2013 SingTel announced the sale of its entire 30% stake in Warid Telecom (Private) Limited to Warid Telecom Pakistan LLC which took place on 15 Mar 2013[21]
In 2013 SingTel was fined $180,000 for the disruption of its mio TV service where 115,000 subscribers were affected while watching the Premier League games. The problems included screen freezing, blurred images and picture distortion that happened on 13 May 2012 from 10:15 PM. Full service quality was resumed at 12:15 AM the next day.
In late 2013, Singtel shutdown its Skoob e-book store.[22]
In 2014 SingTel was fined $6 million for its Bukit Panjang fire in the previous year. This is the highest fine imposed on a telco in Singapore.
In August 2014, SingTel announced it was joining forces with five other global companies, including Google, to build a super-fast undersea data cable linking the U.S. and Japan.[23]
In 2014 Bharati Airtel became first telecommunication company to serve 4G internet in India.

2015-2017[edit]

On 21 January 2015, Singtel launched its new brand identity, the first in 16 years.[24]
On 19 March 2015, Singtel dismissed all connections with social media agency, Gushcloud. This is after a Singapore blogger Xiaxue, exposed Gushcloud's brief to its "influencers" to execute a negative campaign on M1 and Starhub. SingTel apologised to M1 and Starhub for the campaign.[25] its competitors in the telecommunication industry.[26]
On 7 April 2015, Singtel revealed it would be acquiring US cyber security firm Trustwave for $810 million, its largest ever acquisition outside the telecoms sector.[27]
On 22 April 2015, the Singtel announced plans to delist from the Australian Securities Exchange due to low trading volumes.[28]
In April 2015, Singtel released a new Skype and WhatsApp competitor called Wavee. It allows users to make voice and video calls and send instant messages.[29]
In May 2015, Singtel was issued a 'stern warning' by Infocomm Development Authority (IDA) for a negative marketing campaign against its competitors: M1 Limited and Starhub through a marketing agency, Gushcloud.[30] Singtel was required to "ensure appropriate management oversight and control over its marketing and advertising campaigns".[31]


On April 11, 2017, it was reported that Synack had raised $21 million from Microsoft Ventures, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, and Singtel.[32]

Network and infrastructure[edit]
Singtel's international submarine cable network provides connections from Singapore to more than 100 countries. It is a major investor in many of the world's submarine cable systems, such as South-East Asia – Middle East – Western Europe 3 Cable Network, South-East Asia – Middle East – Western Europe 4 Cable Network, Asia-Pacific Cable Network 2, China-US, Japan-US, Southern Cross Cable Network and Unity Cable Network. Unity Cable Network was commissioned in March 2010.
In January 2010, Singtel announced it had signed an agreement to join a consortium to build and operate the new Southeast Asia-Japan cable system (SJC). The construction of the SJC cable system started in April 2011 and became operational in June 2013. The SJC has a length of 8,900 km which could extend up to 9,700 km linking up to seven countries or territories. The SJC is connected with the Unity Cable Network and is designed to deliver the lowest latency connectivity between Asia and the US, specifically from Singapore to Los Angeles.[citation needed]
As of fourth quarter of 2014, Singtel Mobile's 4G outdoor coverage was at 99.41%, ranked first followed by M1's 99.04%, and Starhub's 98.85%.[33]
Key operating companies[edit]
The Singtel group of companies includes subsidiaries, associated companies, as well as shareholdings in overseas entities. Its mainstay is in the mobile phone industry, where it has a total subscription base of 426 million as of 23 January 2013:[2]
Regional mobile subsidiaries[edit]


Mobile company
Country
Stake
Country Mobile Market Position[34]
Country Mobile Market Share (as at 31 March 2015)[35]
Country Mobile Market Share (as at 31 March 2014)[36]


Advanced Info Service
Thailand
23.3%
#1
45.7%
45.2%


Bharti Group
India
32.5%
#1
23.2%
22.7%


Globe Telecom
Philippines
47.3%
#2
39.8%
36.6%


Optus
Australia
100%
#2
No info
19.4%[37]


Citycell
Bangladesh
45%
#6
1.0%
1.2%


Telkomsel
Indonesia
35%
#1
46.0%
44.1%


Mobile[edit]

Singtel Mobile Singapore Pte Ltd, operation and provision of cellular mobile telecommunications systems and services, resale of fixed line and broadband services
Optus Mobile Pty Limited, provision of mobile phone services
Virgin Mobile (Australia) Pty Limited, provision of mobile phone services

Singtel Mobile[edit]
Singtel Mobile is a fully owned subsidiary of Singtel and offers mobile telecom services in Singapore.[38] Currently the largest mobile operator in the country with about 3.16 million subscribers or 45.7% of the mobile phone market share as of September 2010,[2] it enjoyed a monopoly over the mobile telecommunications market until market liberalisation in the 1990s.
Singtel Mobile was the first mobile phone operator in Singapore to launch the iPhone in 2008.[14]
As of fourth quarter of 2014, Singtel's 4G outdoor coverage was at 99.41%, ranked first followed by M1's 99.04%, and Starhub's 98.95%.[39]
ICT[edit]

NCS, Provision of information technology and consultancy services
Alphawest, Provision of information technology services
Uecomm, Provision of data communication services

Digital[edit]

Amobee, provision of mobile advertising
Pixable, provision of mobile photo search and aggregation services
DataSpark, provision of big data geolocation analytics
Singtel Digital Media Pte Ltd (STDM), development and management of on-line internet portal
Singtel Idea Factory Pte Ltd, Engaging in research and development, products and services development and business partnership
Singtel Innov8 Pte Ltd, venture capital investment holding

Internet & TV[edit]

SingNet, provision of internet access and pay television services
Optus Broadband Pty Limited, provision of high speed residential internet service
Optus Vision Pty Limited, provision of interactive television service
Optus Internet Pty Limited, provision of internet services to retail customers
Vividwireless Group Limited, provision of wireless broadband services

Associate of the group[edit]

Singapore Post Limited, operation and provision of postal and logistics services
Telescience Singapore Pte Ltd, sale, distribution and installation of telecommunications equipment
Viewers Choice Pte Ltd, provision of services relating to motor vehicle rental and retail of general merchandise

References[edit]


^ "Singtel Company Profile". Singtel. Retrieved 6 August 2014. 
^ a b c SingTel Group’s mobile customer base reaches 368 million
^ http://theindonesiatoday.com/technology-headline/7477-singtel-and-telkomsel-record-mobile-subscribers-growth-in-2010-.html
^ "Transfer of Mobile Business from Singtel Mobile to Singtel Mobile Singapore". SingTel. Retrieved 1 October 2010. 
^ "SingTel increases stake in Bharti Airtel to 32.15%". Retrieved 29 April 2015. 
^ "Singtel Sustainability Report 2014". 
^ http://home.singtel.com/about_singtel/company_profile/milestones/companypro_milestones.asp
^ Borsuk, Richard (May 31, 2002). "SingTel Wins Case Filed by Regulator". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ "SingTel compensated". The Nation. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ Richardson, Michael (March 31, 1997). "Analysts Split on Deregulation's Impact : For Singapore Telecom, Battle on Home Front". The New York Times. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ "Lee up, Li down". The Economist. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ Gaylord, Becky (March 27, 2001). "SingTel and Optus Shares Slump on News of Deal". The New York Times. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ http://www.financeasia.com/article.aspx?CIaNID=27243
^ a b "SingTel and Apple to Bring iPhone 3G to Singapore". Apple. Retrieved 14 September 2010. 
^ "SingTel Press Release". SingTel. Retrieved 29 September 2010. 
^ "SingTel aims to double satellite business | Telecom Asia". telecomasia.net. 2011. Retrieved 18 May 2011. 
^ Ellyne Phneah (15 November 2011). "Singapore telco offers country's first e-book app". ZDNet. Retrieved 16 April 2012. 
^ Official website of SingTel Skoob
^ Shelach, Shmulik (5 March 2012). "SingTel buys mobile ads co Amobee for $321m". Globes. Retrieved 25 May 2012. 
^ "IDA Imposes $300,000 Financial Penalty on SingTel for Breach of The Code of Practice for Telecommunication Service Resiliency". Info-communications Development Authority of Singapore. Info-communications Development Authority of Singapore. 
^ http://info.singtel.com/about-us/investor-relations
^ Hoffelder, Nate. "SingTel to Shut Down Skoob eBookstore on 5 November – Back Up Your eBooks". Retrieved 9 December 2016. 
^ "High-speed Undersea Cable to Link US, Asia". The Tokyo News.Net. 12 August 2014. Retrieved 13 August 2014. 
^ "Singtel embarks on new brand promise to "make everyday better" for customers". Singtel. 21 January 2015. Retrieved 22 January 2015. 
^ http://www.todayonline.com/singapore/singtel-terminates-services-gushcloud-employee-involved-no-longer-them
^ "Singtel ends relationship with Gushcloud, apologises to StarHub, M1". TodayOnline. 19 March 2015. Retrieved 24 March 2015. 
^ "Singtel buying U.S. cyber security firm Trustwave for $810 million" (Press release). Reuters. 7 April 2015. 
^ Ramli, David (April 22, 2015). "Singtel-Optus to delist from ASX amid low trading volumes". The Age. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ "Southeast Asian Telecom Giant Singtel Releases Wavee App, A Skype And WhatsApp Competitor" (Press release). TechCrunch. 9 April 2015. 
^ "Singtel given 'stern warning' by IDA for Gushcloud smear campaign against M1, Starhub". Retrieved 18 May 2015. 
^ "Singtel Warned Over Negative Marketing Campaign Conducted via Gushcloud". Info-communications Development Authority of Singapore. Info-communications Development Authority of Singapore. Retrieved 2 June 2015. 
^ Kuchler, Hannah (April 11, 2017). "Hacker-for-hire company Synack raises $21m". Financial Times. Retrieved April 30, 2017. 
^ "IDA Nationwide 4G Outdoor Mobile Service Coverage Results in Q4 2014". 
^ http://info.singtel.com/sites/default/files/invrel_areports/Singtel%20Annual%20Report%202015.pdf
^ http://info.singtel.com/sites/default/files/invrel_areports/Singtel%20Annual%20Report%202015.pdf
^ http://info.singtel.com/sites/default/files/invrel_areports/Singtel%20Annual%20Report%202015.pdf
^ http://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/companies/cashed-up-vodafone-looks-for-mergers/story-fn91v9q3-1226824111497
^ "Transfer of Mobile Business from SingTel Mobile to SingTel Mobile Singapore". SingTel. Retrieved 1 October 2010. 
^ "IDA Nationwide 4G Outdoor Mobile Service Coverage Results in Q4 2014". 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Singapore Telecommunications.




Library resources about
Singtel





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries




By Singtel




Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Official website
Singtel Global Offices
Singtel Innov8





Links to related articles











v
t
e


Members of the Bridge Alliance






 Bharti Airtel
 AIS
 CSL
 CTM
 Globe
 Maxis
 MobiFone
 Optus
 Singtel
 SK Telecom
 SoftBank
 STC
 Taiwan Mobile
 Telkomcel
 Telkomsel
 VIVA
 VIVA












v
t
e


E-book digital distribution platforms



Active



Amazon Kindle
Archive of Our Own
Barnes & Noble Nook
FanFiction.Net
Google Play Books
iBooks Store
Kindle Direct Publishing
Kindle Store
Kobo
Lulu
NoiseTrade
OverDrive, Inc.
Penana
Playster
PocketBook Reader
Pronoun
Scribd
Smashwords
Wattpad
Wikibooks





Discontinued



Sony Reader
Oyster












v
t
e


 FTSE STI companies of Singapore






As of 21 September 2015:

Ascendas Real Estate Investment Trust
CapitaLand
CapitaMall Trust
City Developments
ComfortDelGro
DBS Group
Genting Singapore
Global Logistic Properties
Golden Agri-Resources
Hongkong Land
Hutchison Port Holdings
Jardine Cycle & Carriage
Keppel
Noble Group
OCBC
SATS
SembCorp Industries
SembCorp Marine
SIA Engineering
Singapore Airlines
Singapore Exchange
Singapore Press Holdings
ST Engineering
Singapore Telecommunications
StarHub
Thai Beverage
United Overseas Bank
UOL Group
Wilmar International
Yangzijiang Shipbuilding Holdings













v
t
e


 Internet service providers of Singapore



Current



iCELL Network
M1 Limited
MyRepublic
Pacnet
SingNet
StarHub
ViewQwest





Former



Pacific Internet
SingTel Magix





Related topics



Wireless@SG
Economy of Singapore
Internet in Singapore
Internet censorship












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


S&P Asia 50 companies






AIA Group
BOC Hong Kong (Holdings)
Cathay Financial Holding
China Construction Bank
China Life Insurance
China Mobile
China Petroleum & Chemical
China Steel
Chunghwa Telecom
CK Hutchison Holdings
CLP Holdings
CNOOC Limited
CTBC Financial Holding
DBS Group
Delta Electronics
Formosa Chem & Fibre
Formosa Plastics
Fubon Financial Holding
Galaxy Entertainment Group
Hang Seng Bank
Hon Hai Precision Industry
Hong Kong and China Gas
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
Hyundai Heavy Industries
Hyundai Mobis
Hyundai Motor
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Jardine Matheson
KB Financial Group
Keppel
Kia Motors
KT&G
LG Chem
Li & Fung
Lippo Group
MediaTek
Nan Ya Plastics
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
PetroChina
Ping An Insurance
POSCO
Power Assets Holdings
Samsung Electronics
Sands China
Shinhan Financial Group
Singapore Telecommunications
Sun Hung Kai Properties
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing
United Overseas Bank
Want Want China Holdings












v
t
e


Mobile phone companies of Singapore






M1
Singtel
StarHub















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Singtel&oldid=788540828"					
Categories: Telecommunications companies established in 1879Companies listed on the Singapore ExchangeGovernment-owned companies of SingaporeInfocomm in SingaporeInternational information technology consulting firmsSingaporean brandsTelecommunications companies of SingaporeTemasek Holdings1879 establishments in SingaporeHidden categories: Use Singapore English from March 2016All Wikipedia articles written in Singapore EnglishUse dmy dates from October 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2015 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaItalianoമലയാളംमराठीBahasa Melayu日本語PortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSuomiไทยУкраїнськаاردو中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 July 2017, at 00:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 














 
 





















 





Singapore Telecommunications Ltd | F6S










 



 















Log in with





Sign in







This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more



































Singapore Telecommunications Ltd


















 


        This profile hasn't been verified. Claim it now












I am an



of Singapore Telecommunications Ltd








            Recommendations                    



















Past Employees







                Admin            



Max Tiong Oon Choon, Product
Startup & Accelerator Partnerships Lead @ DBS Bank








                Admin            



Gregory Lok, Senior Product Development Manager
Passionate in all things tech, a firm believer that the rise of the pervasive web connected by smart devices will empower every consumer.









 









 




Add Your

Event
Startup
Job Listing
Deal
Accelerator
Inv. Fund
Angel Group
Contest
Coworking




Internet of Things
Get Free Deals
Promote your own Deal
Startup Jobs
Startups
Contests
Startup Events
Investment Funds
Accelerators
R&D Tax Relief




About
F6S API
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Feedback













                © 2017 F6S Network Limited. All rights reserved.            

Powered by











