

::::: SK telecom :::::







 

SK telecom























본문 바로가기
주 메뉴 바로가기






주 메뉴 영역

































































































































SK텔레콤 소개

SK텔레콤은
비전2020

사업소개


투자자정보

경영정보

지배구조
주주총회
정관 PDF


재무정보


재무 하이라이트

신용등급


주식정보

주주현황
주주환원
주가정보


IR자료실

실적발표
Presentation

사업 보고서
통합 보고서


분쟁광물
전자공고
공시정보
FAQ




사회적 책임

사회적 책임경영
사회공헌활동
자료실

지속가능성보고서
사회공헌활동백서
환경보고서
행복동행활동백서


이해관계자 참여

정책
참여 Framework




홍보센터

미디어센터

광고
보도자료


브랜드소개
체험관
스포츠


인재채용

인재상
HR 제도
채용정보

채용공고
지원가이드
인재DB




고객지원

공지사항
FAQ&문의
상호접속협정서

통화량 캘린더






















본문 영역














 











































































































공시자료는 DART 사이트에서 제공하고 있습니다.


SK텔레콤 정관 PDF 다운로드가 가능합니다.





SK텔레콤 공시정보 관리규정 다운로드가 가능합니다.




PDF 파일을 보시려면 Acrobat Reader가 필요합니다.









사람과 함께, 사람을 향하는 SK텔레콤 사회공헌포털



행복 동반자와의 동반성장, SK 동반성장위원회



PDF 파일을 보시려면 Acrobat Reader가 필요합니다.

























SK텔레콤에서 인재를 모집합니다.


SK telecom의 인재DB 입니다.



SK Planet에서 인재를 모집합니다.








FAMILY SITE


SK telecom
























































UO





생활플랫폼



SKT 캠퍼스리포터





행복창업지원센터



커버리지맵





T world




기업 T world




T World다이렉트



T together




Open2U



T.um




T developers 







IoT Portal






SK 브로드밴드






SK 하이닉스



SK 플래닛




SK 테크엑스




SK 텔링크



SK 커뮤니케이션즈



SK 와이번스





아이리버



엔트릭스



PS&Marketing






네트웍오앤에스



서비스에이스



서비스탑









SK㈜





스포츠단




SUNNY










하단 영역

개인정보처리방침
이메일주소무단수집거부
이용약관
명의도용 방지서비스
도매제공이용문의


우편번호 : 04539 서울특별시 중구 을지로65(을지로2가) SK T-타워  SK텔레콤(주)  대표이사 사장 : 박정호
COPYRIGHT SK TELECOM CO., LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

TWORLD
ENGLISH
SITEMAP



















SK telecom






















skip to contents
main menu access






main menu area



















































































































Introduction

Company Info
Vision 2020
Business Area


Investor Relations

Management Information

Corporate Governance
General Meeting of Shareholders
Articles of Incorporation


Financial INFO


Financial Highlights

Credit Ratings


Stock Information

Ownership Structure
Shareholder Return
Share Graph


IR Library

Earnings Release
Presentation

Business Report

Conflict Minerals Disclosure
Annual Report

Disclosure
FAQ




CSR

Corporate Social Responsibility
Social Responsibility Activities
Downloads

Sustainability Report
Community Involvement White Paper
Environmental Report


Stakeholder Engagement

Policy
Procedure




Press Center

Press Release
Brands
Experience Center
Sports


Careers

Who We Look For
HR Policy
Join SK telecom

How to Apply
Talent DB
























contents area




NEW-ICT-생태계




Travelling ICT Experience Center T.um Mobile




5G Speed for Connected Car




NUGU













































SK Telecom to...
SK Telecom (NYSE: SKM) today announced that it has successfully developed a prototype of an ultra-small quantum random number generator (QRNG) chip packed with entropy source and Deterministic Random Bit Generator (DRBG).



A QRNG generates true random numbers without any kind of pattern, meaning that it is ideal for use in cryptography. However, so far, the cost and size of QRNGs currently on market have prevented them from becoming widespread.



With the successful development of an ultra-small QRNG chip measuring 5mm by 5mm, SK Telecom expects that it will soon be able to embed QRNG to a wide variety of the Internet of Things (IoT) products, including autonomous vehicles, drones and smart devices, to dramatically enhance the level of security for IoT services. Although the price of each QRNG chip has not been set yet, the company said that it will be the lowest price ever for a QRNG.



Meanwhile, SK Telecom is also developing a QRNG in the form of USB and PCIe. While the QRNG chip has to be embedded from the beginning of the product development, QRNG in the form of USB or PCIe can be simply connected to any product already on market to provide genuine randomness.



“Understanding the importance of data and data security, SK Telecom has focused on developing quantum cryptography technologies to guarantee secure transmission of data in areas including artificial intelligence (AI), IoT and autonomous driving,” said Park Jin-hyo, Senior Vice President and Head of Network R&D Center of SK Telecom. “We will continue to work with partners, both home and abroad, to accelerate the popularization of quantum cryptography and strengthen our presence in the global market.”



[PR] SK Telecom Announces 2017 2Q...2017.07.27
[PR] SK Telecom Honored with Two ...2017.06.29
[PR] SK Telecom Successfully Demo...2017.06.28





[SK telecom] ...
Your window awakens your morningYour mirror looks after your healthWe all dream of a new lifeSuch dreams come together to create a new worldPeople dream and technology makes the dreams come trueFrom humans to technology, and back to humansRelay of Possibilities | SK Telecom


[AD] [SK telecom] Relay of Possib...2013.07.12
[AD] [SK telecom] Relay of Possib...2013.07.12
[AD] [SK telecom] Koreas No.1 Mob...2013.07.12







자동 넘김 정지
자동 넘김 시작

2017 Stakeholder Survey



사회적책임 함께나누는 세상 (eng)






















































Don’t show me this message today.
Close









FAMILY SITE











































SK





SK telink




SK hynix





SK planet




SK broadband










footer area

Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Legal Notice

COPYRIGHT SK TELECOM CO., LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

KOREAN
SITEMAP






SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR): NYSE:SKM quotes & news - Google FinanceMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreDocsBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceSK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR)(NYSE:SKM)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR)  (Public, NYSE:SKM)  
Watch this stock
 




















27.50


-0.38
(-1.36%)





Real-time:
 

10:58AM EDT



NYSE
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

27.40 - 27.79



52 week

20.44 - 28.13



Open

27.76



Vol / Avg.

201,347.00/467,598.00



Mkt cap

20.15B



P/E

11.70



Div/yield

0.88/3.56



EPS

2.35



Shares

70.61M



Beta

0.35



Inst. own

112%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR) »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add SKM to my calendars





Oct 25, 2017
Q3 2017 SK Telecom Co Ltd Earnings Release (Estimated)






Jul 26, 2017
Q2 2017 SK Telecom Co Ltd Earnings Call -






Jul 26, 2017
Q2 2017 SK Telecom Co Ltd Earnings Call (Korean)



Jul 27, 2017
Q2 2017 SK Telecom Co Ltd Earnings Release



Jun 6, 2017
SK Telecom Co Ltd at Nomura Investment Forum Asia





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
13.78%
9.71%

Operating margin
9.64%
8.84%

EBITD margin
-
29.05%

Return on average assets
7.57%
5.54%

Return on average equity
14.87%
10.63%

Employees
24,569
-

CDP Score
-

A-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
65, Eulji-ro, Jung-guSEOUL, 04539South Korea+82-2-61002114 (Phone)+82-2-61007948 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.sktelecom.com



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Telecommunications Services > Industry: Wireless Telecommunications Services - NEC

More from FactSet »










Description




SK Telecom Co., Ltd. provides wireless telecommunications in Korea. The Company is engaged in the commercial development and implementation of wireless and fixed-line technologies and services, as well as develop its platforms, including Internet of things (IoT) solutions, lifestyle enhancement and advanced media. It operates through three segments: cellular services, which include wireless voice and data transmission services, sales of wireless devices, IoT solutions platform services and lifestyle enhancement platform services; fixed-line telecommunication services, which include fixed-line telephone services, broadband Internet services, advanced media platform services (including Internet Protocol television (IPTV)) and business communications services, and other businesses, which include its commerce business, its hardware business and other operations. Its brands include SK Telecom, T-Roaming, 7Mobile, B phone, 00700, B tv, Syrup, UO Smart Beam Laser, Astell&Kern and Nate.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Jeong Ho Park

Chief Executive Officer, Director





Age: 53

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Chang Won Choi

Vice Chairman





Age: 52

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Hyeong Gyu Yim

Vice Chairman





Age: 63

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Dae Sik Cho

Director





Age: 56

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Jae Hyeon Ahn

Non-Executive Independent Director





Age: 55

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Jae Yeong Jung

Non-Executive Independent Director





Age: 72

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Jae Hun Lee

Non-Executive Independent Director





Age: 61

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Dae Sik Oh

Non-Executive Independent Director





Age: 62

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service





SKM SK Telecom Co Ltd ADR XNYS:SKM Stock Quote Price News

































Menu






Menu





Welcome!













Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site















































































 






































SK Telecom - Wikipedia






















 






SK Telecom

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


SK Telecom Co., Ltd.
에스케이텔레콤주식회사





Type

Public


Traded as

NYSE: SKM


Industry
Telecommunications


Founded
April 20, 1984; 33 years ago (April 20, 1984) (as Korea Mobile Telecommunications)
1997 (as SK Telecom)


Headquarters
Jung District, Seoul, South Korea



Key people

Park Jung-ho (CEO)


Products
Wireless telecom.
Cellular internet
Internet
Mobile platform
Internet of Things


Revenue
 $17.092 billion (2016, Consolidated)[1]



Number of employees

20,955


Parent
SK Group (Since 1994)


Subsidiaries
see this list


Website
www.sktelecom.com


SK Telecom Co., Ltd. (Hangul: SK텔레콤 or 에스케이텔레콤) (full name: Sunkyoung Telecom) is a South Korean wireless telecommunications operator, it is part of the SK Group, one of the country's largest chaebols.
SK Telecom is South Korea's largest wireless carrier, it leads the local market with 50.5 percent share as of 2008.[2] Since its creation in 1984, the company has evolved from a first generation analog cellular system, to second generation CDMA, then to the world's first third-generation synchronized IMT-2000 cellular system. SK Telecom also became the world’s first carrier to commercialize HSDPA in May 2006. SK expanded into the landline market by acquiring second-rated fixed-line operator Hanaro Telecom in February 2008.
The company’s online brands include "Nate," a web portal; "June," a mobile multimedia service; "Moneta," an e-banking mobile app; "Nate Drive," a telematics service and "Digital Home," an online interface to remote-control household appliances.[3]
Online services are offered through tech subsidiary SK Communications, which also dominates the social networks market in South Korea. "Cyworld" is the largest social media site by membership and "NateOn" is the number one instant messaging client.[4]
In 2004, SK Telecom launched "Hanbyul," the world’s first DMB satellite. TU Media, SK Telecom's digital media arm, handles DMB TV broadcasts.
In November 2015 SK Telecom announced signing a deal to acquire CJ HelloVision, the country's largest cable and Internet operator, with the view to merge it with its own cable unit, SK Broadband.[5] The acquisition, which will make SK Broadband the No. 2 paid cable broadcaster following KT,[6] is being opposed by competitors, who charge that the merger will help SK unfairly dominate the market.[7][8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 1984–1993: Early Years
1.2 1994–1996: Privatization and the CDMA standard
1.3 1997–2000: International expansion
1.4 2001–2007: Cellular internet and market accrual
1.5 2008-present: Landline and new technologies


2 Services
3 International markets

3.1 China
3.2 United States

3.2.1 Helio
3.2.2 Mobile Money Ventures
3.2.3 SK Telecom Americas Innopartners


3.3 Vietnam


4 Subsidiaries

4.1 NetsGo
4.2 SK Broadband
4.3 SK Communications
4.4 SK Planet
4.5 SK Telink
4.6 TU Media
4.7 iriver


5 Employee conditions
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
SK Telecom was established in March 1984 under the name Korea Mobile Telecommunications Services Corp. (KMTSC; Hangul: 한국 이동 통신 서비스), but was renamed Korea Mobile Telecommunications Corp. (KMTC; Hangul: 한국 이동 통신) in May 1988. It was a subsidiary of the state monopoly phone company, Korea Telecom (now known as KT Corp.) until KT sold it off in 1993.[9] In June 1994 SK Group (Formerly Sunkyong Group) became Korea Mobile Telecommunications Corporation's largest shareholder. KMTC officially joined the SK Group in January 1997 and changed its name to SK Telecom in March of that year. In October 2000, SK Telecom became the second operator in the world after NTT DoCoMo to launch a commercial 3G service using W-CDMA technology. In January 2002, this was followed up by launching the world's first CDMA2000 1xEV-DO network, offering greatly increased data transmission speeds to preexisting 2G networks.
In May 2005, SK Telecom divested 60 percent of SK Teletech stock to cellphone maker Pantech.[10] SK remains the second largest shareholder by holding on to the rest of Teletech's stock. In 2006, the well-known "SKY" brand of mobile devices became fully owned by Pantech as it finalized its takeover of SK Teletech.
1984–1993: Early Years[edit]
Founded on March 29, 1984 as Korea Mobile Telecommunications Services Corp., the state-owned carrier introduced pagers and car phones to the Korean market. May 1984 saw the launch of the car phone service. Korea Mobile changed its name to Korea Mobile Telecommunications Corp. (KMTC) in May 1988. In July, AMPS cellular network was initially launched in Seoul metropolitan area. By 1991 nationwide coverage was complete.
In April 1993, the South Korean government —through KMTC— adopted CDMA as the national cellular telephone system.[11]
1994–1996: Privatization and the CDMA standard[edit]
Through privatization, SK Group became Korea Mobile Telecommunications Corp.'s largest shareholder in June 1994.
In October 1994, Korea's first CDMA system was introduced to the public for the first time.
In January 1995, KMTC reached the one million subscriber mark. Korea Mobile Telecommuncations became the third Korean firm to be listed on the NYSE exchange (ADR) in June 1996. Later that year South Korea got its first commercial CDMA (IS-95A) network. Operating in Seoul in October, it is considered one of the world's earliest commercial CDMA networks.
1997–2000: International expansion[edit]
SK Group completed its takeover of KMTC in January 1997, as it became the world's sixth carrier to attain ten million subscriptions. Around that time, it also began constructing the Northeast Asian CDMA belt encompassing China, Japan, Vietnam, and the rest of the Asian continent.
In March 1997, to reflect new changes, KMTC changed its name to SK Telecom, and in October, NetsGo, an online service, was launched.

In June 1998, SK Telink, the international call service division, started offering commercial overseas call service. In December 1998, SK Teletech launched its first handset. In April 1999, SK Telecom entered the Mongolian market by co-founding Skytel LLC with nearly 30 percent ownership stake.
TTL, a wireless plan targeting younger users, and nTOP, a cellular internet service were launched in July and October 1999, respectively.
In December 1999, SK Telecom surpassed ten million subscriber mark, the following month, it launched the world’s first commercial CDMA2000 service. By the end of the year the carrier won a contract for asynchronous IMT-2000 (WCDMA) facility.[12]
2001–2007: Cellular internet and market accrual[edit]
The new millennium ushered in an era of cross-platform online networks that saw efforts to integrate mobile services, as SK Telecom was exploring new value-creating models such as m-Commerce and satellite DMB Service. In January 2002, an acquisition of Shinsegi Telecomm Inc. was completed.[13] Also in January, the company deployed world’s first commercial synchronous IMT-2000 facility.
In March 2002, the carrier struck international roaming deals between countries using CDMA and GSM networks. An agreement was signed with Israel's Pele-Phone in April to sell proprietary software that will operate on the carrier's existing CDMA network and future 1x-CDMA network.[14] In July, a MoU was signed with China Unicom to establish a joint venture. In November two mobile applications ‘June’ and ‘Moneta’ were launched. In July 2003, S-Fone, a commercial CDMA network became operative in Vietnam. In August 2003, June became the world's first 3G service to have one million subscribers. In February 2004, SK won a contract for a joint venture with China Unicom, called UNISK.

March 2004 marked a new breakthrough with the launch of Hanbyul, the world’s first DMB satellite.
MelOn, an online music store was launched in November 2004. ‘1mm’ and ‘Loview,’ a digital photo frame service were launched in April and November 2005, respectively. By December, MelOn had four million subscribers.

SK Telecom started 2006 with record revenues of KRW 10 trillion ($9.28 billion). In May the world's first commercial HSDPA handset was released. May also saw the carrier's entry into the U.S. wireless communication market with Helio. In June, SK Telecom signed a strategic partnership with China Unicom to purchase CB worth $1 billion in its subsidiary, China Unicom Hong Kong. In the same month SK deployed its WiBro internet network. In April 2007, a project to create TD-SCDMA, China's 3G wireless broadbnad equivalent was signed with the Chinese government. Around that time, S-Fone had two million subscribers in Vietnam.
2008-present: Landline and new technologies[edit]
In November 2008 SK signed an agreement to buy a controlling stake of fixed-line phone company Hanaro Telecom for 1.09 trillion won ($1.15 billion) from a consortium led by AIG and Newbridge Capital. The new entity will be the second-largest telecom firm in terms of total assets and revenues next to KT Corp.[15]
In 2013 SK Telecom was the world's first operator to offer a commercial LTE-Advanced network. This coincided with the release of the Samsung Galaxy S4 LTE-A model, which offered a step-up CPU (Snapdragon 800 vs. Snapdragon 600 used in the regular model), and also LTE-Advanced capabilities. SK Telecom supported this handset at launch.[16]
On July 6, 2013, it was reported that Apple was in talks with SK Telecom, to release the iPhone 5s model on SK's LTE Advanced network.[17]
Services[edit]
As of September 2012, SK Telecom operates 2G IS-95/CDMA 2000, 3G WCDMA/HSPA+, 4G Mobile WiMAX, and LTE networks.

Frequencies used by SK Telecom's Network in Korea

Frequency
Frequency
band
Frequency
width
(MHz)
Generation
Radio interface
Notes


800 MHz (824-829, 869-874)

10
2G
CDMA



850 MHz (829-839, 874-884)
5
20
3.9G
LTE
(main frequency)


1800 MHz (1715-1725, 1730-1735, 1810-1830)
3
35
3.9G
LTE



2100 MHz (1930-1940, 2120-2130)
1
20
3.9G
LTE



2100 MHz (1940-1960, 2130-2150)
1
40
3.5G
UMTS/HSPA



2300 MHz (2300-2327)

27
3.9G
Mobile WiMAX



2G network supports CDMA (IS-95A/B), CDMA2000, and EV-DO. EV-DO handsets are marked with its service name "June." 3G network supports WCDMA, HSPA, and HSPA+. SK Telecom has the best HSPA+ coverage in South Korea. HSPA+ is available in 50+ major cities and towns, while KT HSPA+ is available in selected metropolitan areas. 3.9G LTE, which uses both band 5 and band 3, supports multi-carrier technology, which SK Telecom claims to be the first operator to offer.
From May 2005 to September 2012, SK Telecom provided S-DMB through its subsidiary TU Media (later SK Telink). S-DMB service was ceased in September 2012 after significant losses in its final years.[18]
SK Telecom also provides online multiplatform entertainment, business and financial services:

MelOn: Introduced in November 2004, MelOn is SK Telecom's music e-store, which allows users to download or stream music over the internet. Music can be played on mobile phones, digital audio players, portable media players and digital cameras. Users can create their own ringtones. In 2009, LOEN Entertainment, an SK Group record label, became the company-in-charge of running MelOn. An Indonesian version of MelOn was created in cooperation with PT Telkom Indonesia.
m-Finance: an online banking system introduced in 2001, allows users to take charge of all their financial transactions. Properly equipped mobile phones can do basic banking such as wire transfers and checking balances as well as stock trading and credit card services. Users can also withdraw cash from ATMs using their phones.
Digital Home: Digital Home allows users to control and monitor home appliances, lighting, security systems and fire alarms remotely. The service utilizes high-speed internet, telephone and cable networks to achieve functionality.
Mobile RFID (m-RFID): Phones with embedded RF readers can give users key information about a product before making a purchase. SK Telecom has tested this technology for six applications including, safety, authentication, package tracking, supply chain management, digital content usage and location-based services.

International markets[edit]
SK Telecom is currently putting its efforts in expanding into global markets, such as Vietnam, U.S., and China. The company is also forging strategic alliances with other global carriers and IT businesses.
China[edit]
In 2000, SK Telecom first entered China, later forming a joint venture with China Unicom for wireless Internet service in February 2004. This joint venture between a foreign and local company, UNISK, is the first of its kind in China.
In 2006, SK Telecom bought $1 billion worth of convertible bonds of China Unicom Hong Kong, a division of China Unicom and agreed to cooperate in joint sourcing of handsets, development of additional services, platform development, marketing and distribution, customer relationship management, and network development. One result of this partnership is jointly developing handsets to be sourced by Samsung, LG, and Motorola.
In August 2006, SK Telecom signed an MoU making it the first non-Chinese company to participate in the TD-SCDMA Project. Under the agreement SK Telecom will work with China's National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) on development of TD-SCDMA, China's 3G Internet standard equivalent.
United States[edit]
Helio[edit]
Main article: Helio (wireless carrier)
On January 26, 2005, SK Telecom announced that it had formed a $440 million joint venture with Earthlink to form a new U.S. cellular carrier named SK-Earthlink, later that year, the name was changed to Helio. Combined with Earthlink, Helio is expected to offer a variety of advanced mobile devices, many of which are already available in Korea. These models would be refined and updated for use by tech-savvy American consumers, allowing for the first time handsets with functionalities previously unavailable in the U.S. market.
The now-defunct venture operated on the premise of being a mobile virtual network operator (MVNO), using CDMA 1xEVDO network capacity leased from Sprint Nextel. In 2007, SK Telecom began talks to purchase a stake in Sprint Nextel,[19] however by 2008 it had backed away from the deal.[20]
On June 27, 2008, it was reported that Helio was being acquired in an all-stock deal by Virgin Mobile; for a net acquisition price of $39 million —–a far cry from the $500 million originally invested in the venture. All staff were eliminated and the business ceased as a going concern[21]
Mobile Money Ventures[edit]
On March 6, 2008, SK Telecom launched Mobile Money Ventures, a joint venture with Citibank. MMV designs, develops, implements, and supports mobile financial services solutions on a global scale. Its Mobile Money Platform can support existing mobile banking services as well as next generation services like P2P payments and NFC payments.[22]
On March 28, 2011, SK Telecom made a surprise bid to acquire bankrupt movie/game rental company Blockbuster Inc. SK bid $284.5 million for Blockbuster, but ended up losing to Dish Network.
SK Telecom Americas Innopartners[edit]
On March 4, 2014, SK Telecom announced that its U.S. arm, SK Telecom Americas, Inc. completed the establishment of the startup accelerator SK Telecom Americas Innopartners.[23] The accelerator invests in early stage core technology startups. It is set up to incubate 11 startups at the same time, an currently is hosting three of them (Etopus, N43, Pavilion Data).[24]
Vietnam[edit]
Main article: S-Fone
In September 2001, SK Telecom established S-Telecom, through a Business Cooperation Contract (BCC) with SPT (Saigon Postel), a Vietnamese phone company with a CDMA license.
S-Telecom, Vietnam's first CDMA wireless carrier, launched commercial services in July 2003 and has since upgraded its network to CDMA2000 1xEV-DO to meet growing demand. Currently 64 cities including Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi are served under the S-Fone brand.
As of October 2006, the company was providing EV-DO wireless internet services in five major cities including Hanoi and Ho Chi Minh City. S-Fone subscribers reached two million in April 2007, a little over three years after its start.
Subsidiaries[edit]
SK Telecom has a number of subsidiaries that support its growth. In 2006, SK Communications expanded into new markets with an enhanced version of Korea's leading social networking site Cyworld. At home, NateOn is the leading messenger service with more than 13 million users as of 2006. SK Telink, the international telephony division, launched international Korean SMS messaging in the U.S., today it operates in more than 170 countries. TU Media, the nationwide satellite Digital Multimedia Broadcasting (DMB) service, is also making fast growth, attracting over one million subscribers in 2006.
NetsGo[edit]
With Thrunet and Hanaro controlling nearly half of the growing high-speed Internet market, SK Telecom entered the market in late 1999 with Dream NetsGo, a cable Internet provider that offered its services in a partnership with local cable TV operator Dreamcity Media. It provided Internet access at a speed of up to 10 Mbit/s using the cable TV network, which had 120,000 subscribers at the time.[25] In 2002 NetsGo merged with Lycos Korea to form SK Communications.
SK Broadband[edit]
Main article: SK Broadband
Founded as Hanaro Telecom, Inc. in 1997 and was the only fixed-line and cable operator beside the state-owned KT. It provides local, domestic long-distance and international long-distance fixed-line telephone services to residential and commercial subscribers. After acquiring Thrunet, Korea's second-rated broadband company in 2005, Hanaro became a provider of broadband Internet access service and other Internet-related services, including video-on-demand and IPTV services.
Other Internet-related businesses include intelligent network, Internet leased lines, domestic leased line, VPN, Internet data center, and CDN services. Its new businesses include platform business, business-to-business (B2B) solutions business, healthcare business.
The company's Internet Protocol (IP)-based central exchange system provides Centrex functions (internal calls, customer service numbers, etc.) and offers additional features, such as multiple bell tones, forwarding desk (receptionist function), conference call, call center and voice message functions. It also provides managed services and Information and Communications Technology (ICT) consulting services.[26] Hanaro Telecom was acquired by SK Telecom in 2008 and became a wholly owned subsidiary in mid 2015.[27]
SK Communications[edit]
Main article: SK Communications
Founded in 1999 as Lycos Korea,[28] SK Communications is the technology company responsible for some of the most successful internet tools and products in the Korean market. After the company's 2002 takeover by SK Telecom, online portal Nate was launched and has since grown to be one of the most popular portals in Korea. The largest social media site in Korea, Cyworld has seen a sharp rise in its membership, with members reaching 20 million from 16 million in 2005. SK Communications also provides the top instant messaging service NateOn. As of December 2006, NateOn had 13 million users and led the local market. In 2006, the Nate.com portal was revamped as a Web 2.0 user-centric site with an emphasis on personalized content and social networking. Cyworld II also re-launched with Web 2.0 offerings, including a personalized mini-homepage, personalized search, UCC video and other user-customizable Web-based applications.
SK Communications is currently extending its online businesses into the global market. In 2006, localized versions of Cyworld were launched in China, Germany, Japan, Taiwan, the U.S., and Vietnam. To make full use of its premium base, the tech firm is building a portfolio of content providers, including education company Etoos; consumer shopping services under the Cymarket brand, which leverage Cyworld’s network and traffic; gaming subsidiary SK i-media; and Egloos, the leading independent blogging service in Korea. In addition, the company acquired a significant stake (24.4%) in a powerful online search engine, Empas, for KRW 37.2 billion.
SK Planet[edit]
SK Planet is the e-commerce division of SK headquartered in Pangyo. Business areas include digital contents, integrated commerce and marketing communication.
Its October 2011 launch marked the reorganization of T Store.[29] SK Planet launched qiip, an app store in Japan.[30] 11st is one of the biggest online store complexes in South Korea under the management of SK Planet.[31] Other products include Smart Wallet, a mobile wallet service, OK Cashbag, an integrated mileage service, and Gifticon, a mobile voucher service. As part of the integrated commerce strategy these services are being combined under the brand Syrup.[32]
On November 14, 2014, SK Planet formed a joint venture with Celcom Axiata Berhad of Malaysia.[33] The new e-commerce company is known as Celcom Planet Sdn. Bhd., its online outlet is called 11street Malaysia.
SK Telink[edit]
Main article: SK Telink
Founded in April 1998 as an international telephony service provider, SK Telink has grown into a major player in the international calling market. International call services are offered under the ‘00700’ brand. Building on the commercial long-distance telephony and value-added services launched in 2005, the carrier began offering Korean text messaging in June 2006 in the U.S. The service allows subscribers send and receive Korean text messages in the U.S., as well as to and from Korea.
TU Media[edit]
Main article: TU Media
Established in December 2003, TU Media Corp. introduced a new digital media service —satellite Digital Multimedia Broadcasting (DMB). Subscribers can now view satellite TV broadcasts on their portable handsets or via vehicle-mounted terminals. As of December 2006, subscribers to TU Media topped one million, up from 372,000 in 2005. Its nationwide DMB is available on 37 channels, consisting of 16 video, 20 audio and one data, and provides programs on education, games, drama, music, news and culture. In 2006, TU Media launched TUBOX, a pay-per-view movie channel that allows subscribers to see movies prior to DVD release. In addition to South Korea's 84 cities, TU Media provides service in express highways and Seoul metropolitan subways. DMB coverage was later expanded to include the Korea Train eXpress (KTX) Seoul to Busan line, Busan subways and 10 metropolitan Seoul local highways. In 2010 TU Media was merged with another subsidiary, SK Telink —Korea's leading international call service provider. DMB broadcasts ended two years later as it became uncompetitive in the mobile TV market.
iriver[edit]
Further information: iriver and ReignCom
iriver Inc. (formerly ReignCom) is a South Korean electronics and entertainment company founded in 1999 by seven former Samsung executives. SK Telecom acquired it from Vogo Fund in 2014.[34]
Employee conditions[edit]
SK Telecom has its own workers union. SK Telecom abides by the Korean Labor Law and is executing a retirement age of 58. Unless an employee commits a crime more serious than imprisonment or an act in violation of ethical management of SK Telecom, employees are guaranteed to work until they reach the retirement age. SK Telecom follows a management system called SKMS (SK Management System), created by SK Companies.
See also[edit]


South Korea portal
Companies portal



SK Group
SK Teletech (Now merged with Pantech & Sky Electronics)
Cyworld
KT Corporation
LG Uplus
TU Media
SK Wyverns
SK Telecom T1

References[edit]


^ "SKM Income Statement". Yahoo! Finance. 
^ Lee Sun-young (May 5, 2008). "Mobile operators pressured to cut call, message rates". Korea Herald. naver.com. Retrieved May 8, 2008. 
^ "Brand History". SK Telecom Co., LTD. 
^ "Evolution of Social Network Service into Media: Cyworld Case (PDF)". SK Communications. October 2008. 
^ Lee Min-hyung (November 2, 2015). "SKT inks deal to buy CJ HelloVision". Korea Times. 
^ JEON YOUNG-SEON, KIM JI-YOON (November 2, 2015). "SK Telecom will buy cable firm". Joongang Media Network. 
^ "SK Telecom Sets out New Vision with Takeover Amid Criticism". Seoul: Kobiz Media Co., Ltd. Korea Bizwire. December 2, 2015. 
^ 윤경, 현 (2015-12-01). "SKT, CJ헬로비전 인수합병 신청…내년 2월 전 판가름(종합)". Yonhap News (in Korean). 
^ Whasun Jho (2014). Building Telecom Markets: Evolution of Governance in the Korean Mobile Telecommunication Market. p. 140. ISBN 978-1461478881. 
^ "Pantech & Curitel Buys Control Of SK Teletech". Phone Factor, LLC. May 4, 2005. 
^ "CDMA History". CDG. 
^ Cho Hyung-rae (December 15, 2000). "SK Telecom, Korea Telecom Win IMT-2000 Licenses". The Chosun Ilbo. Chosun.com. 
^ "Korea approves takeover of Shinsegi". Reuters. April 26, 2000. 
^ Nadau, Efi (April 30, 2004). "Pele-Phone signs $7m value added service deal with SK Telecom". Globes. 
^ Jin Hyun-joo (February 21, 2008). "SKT's Hanaro buy gives birth to mobile giant". The Korea Herald. 
^ Lawler, Richard (June 25, 2013). "SK Telecom launches the world's first LTE-Advanced network, and the Galaxy S4 LTE-A". Engadget. 
^ Christie, Robert (July 5, 2013). "iPhone 5s Release Date Rumors: New Phone Will Have 4G LTE Advanced Capabilities". Hngn. 
^ "Satellite DMB soon to become history". JoongAng Ilbo Co., Ltd. (in Korean). Joins MSN. July 4, 2012. 
^ Koh Byung-joon (July 25, 2007). "SK TELECOM PUSHING TO ACQUIRE US TELCO SPRINT NEXTEL". Comcast Finance. Retrieved August 3, 2007. 
^ Dave Hayes (July 17, 2008). "SK Telecom confirms it has no plans to buy Sprint". Retrieved 2011-01-17. 
^ Ryan Block (June 20, 2008). "Helio's flame going out: stores to shutter, customers heading to Virgin?". The Kansas City Star. 
^ "Citi: Mobile Venture Will Go Well Beyond Basics." American Banker. March 7, 2008.
^ "SK Telecom Growing New Seeds in Silicon Valley". SK Holdings. March 4, 2014. 
^ "Portfolio". SK Telecom Americas Innopartners. 
^ "SK Telecom Launches High-Speed Internet Service". Telecompaper. December 3, 1999. 
^ "SK Broadband Co Ltd- KOSDAQ-033630 Quotes & News". Google Finance. 
^ "Rating Action: Moody's affirms SK Telecom's A3 ratings on announced acquisition of SK Broadband; outlook remains stable". Moody's Investor Service. March 23, 2015. 
^ "Company History". SK Communications. 
^ "Inspiring everyone on the planet". SK Planet. 
^ SK플래닛, 앱스토어 '킵(qiip)'으로 일본시장 공략 (in Korean)
^ 11st Introduction
^ SK Planet Set to Change the Dynamics of Offline Commerce Market Valued at KRW 230 Trillion
^ "Celcom Axiata Bhd and SK Planet Form Joint Venture Company". Bloomberg. 
^ SKT Acquires iriver, from the Maeil Business Newspaper


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to SK Telecom.



SK Telecom website (Korean / English)
SK Telecom T world website
SK Telecom's channel on YouTube
SK Telecom Americas website (English)







v
t
e


SK



Subsidiaries





Energy & Chemicals




SK Innvotion
SK Energy
SK Global Chemical
SK Lubricants
SK Incheon Petrochem
SK Trading International
SK Chemicals
SKC
SK E&S
SK Gas
SK Biopharmaceuticals






Information, Telecommunication & Semiconductor




SK Telecom
SK C&C
SK Planet
SK Hynix
SK Broadband
SK Telesys
SK Telink
SK Communications

Nate








Marketing & Service




SK Networks
SK E&C
SK Shipping
SK Security











Sports



SK Wyverns
Jeju United
Seoul SK Knights
SK Telecom T1
SK Sugar Gliders
SK Hawks












v
t
e


kt



Communication



KT CS
KT IS
KT Linkus
KT M&S
KT Powertel
KT Sat
KT Submarine
KT WiBro Infrastructure








IT



Initech
KT DS
KT ENS
KT-SB Data Service
KT Softnics
NexR





Media and Contents



Enswers, Inc.
KTH
KT InnoEdu
KT Media Hub
KT Music
KT OIC
KT SkyLife
USTREAM Korea (JV with Ustream Inc.)





Convergence



BC Card
Best Partners
Centios (JV with Cisco Systems)
H&C Network
KT Capital
KT Commerce
KT Estate
KT MHows
KT TeleCop
Nasmedia
Smartro
VP





Sports



Busan KT Sonicboom
KT Golf Team
KT Hockey Team
KT Rolster
KT Shooting Team
KT Wiz





Former Affiliates



KT Cloudware (acquired by KT DS)
Dacom (acquired by LG)
KTF (defunct)
KT FDS (acquired by Tongyang Group)
KT Rental (acquired by Lotte)
KT Tech (defunct)
Korea Mobile Telecommunications (acquired by SK Group)
Sidus (acquired by Locus Corp.)





Related Articles



NESPOT
Olleh TV












v
t
e


Members of the Bridge Alliance






 Bharti Airtel
 AIS
 CSL
 CTM
 Globe
 Maxis
 MobiFone
 Optus
 Singtel
 SK Telecom
 SoftBank
 STC
 Taiwan Mobile
 Telkomcel
 Telkomsel
 VIVA
 VIVA












v
t
e


S&P Asia 50 companies






AIA Group
BOC Hong Kong (Holdings)
Cathay Financial Holding
China Construction Bank
China Life Insurance
China Mobile
China Petroleum & Chemical
China Steel
Chunghwa Telecom
CK Hutchison Holdings
CLP Holdings
CNOOC Limited
CTBC Financial Holding
DBS Group
Delta Electronics
Formosa Chem & Fibre
Formosa Plastics
Fubon Financial Holding
Galaxy Entertainment Group
Hang Seng Bank
Hon Hai Precision Industry
Hong Kong and China Gas
Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
Hyundai Heavy Industries
Hyundai Mobis
Hyundai Motor
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Jardine Matheson
KB Financial Group
Keppel
Kia Motors
KT&G
LG Chem
Li & Fung
Lippo Group
MediaTek
Nan Ya Plastics
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation
PetroChina
Ping An Insurance
POSCO
Power Assets Holdings
Samsung Electronics
Sands China
Shinhan Financial Group
Singapore Telecommunications
Sun Hung Kai Properties
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing
United Overseas Bank
Want Want China Holdings












v
t
e


Mobile network operators of South Korea




SK Telecom · KT · LG Uplus











v
t
e


Telecommunications



History




Beacon
Broadcasting
Cable protection system
Cable TV
Communications satellite
Computer network
Drums
Electrical telegraph
Fax
Heliographs
Hydraulic telegraph
Internet
Mass media
Mobile phone
Optical telecommunication
Optical telegraphy
Pager
Photophone
Prepaid mobile phone
Radio
Radiotelephone
Satellite communications
Semaphore
Smartphone
Smoke signals
Telecommunications history
Telautograph
Telegraphy
Teleprinter (teletype)
Telephone
The Telephone Cases
Television
Timeline of communication technology
Undersea telegraph line
Videoconferencing
Videophone
Videotelephony
Whistled language





Pioneers



Edwin Howard Armstrong
John Logie Baird
Paul Baran
Alexander Graham Bell
Tim Berners-Lee
Jagadish Chandra Bose
Vint Cerf
Claude Chappe
Donald Davies
Lee de Forest
Philo Farnsworth
Reginald Fessenden
Elisha Gray
Erna Schneider Hoover
Charles K. Kao
Hedy Lamarr
Innocenzo Manzetti
Guglielmo Marconi
Antonio Meucci
Radia Perlman
Alexander Stepanovich Popov
Johann Philipp Reis
Nikola Tesla
Camille Tissot
Alfred Vail
Charles Wheatstone
Vladimir K. Zworykin





Transmission
media



Characteristic impedance
Coaxial cable
Electromagnetic radiation
Electrical cable
Free-space optical communication
Heaviside condition
Loading coil
Molecular communication
Optical fiber
Telegrapher's equations





Network topology
and switching



Links
Nodes
Terminal node
Network switching (circuit
packet)
Telephone exchange





Multiplexing



Space-division
Frequency-division
Time-division
Polarization-division
Orbital angular-momentum
Code-division





Networks



ARPANET
BITNET
Cellular network
Computer
CYCLADES
Ethernet
FidoNet
Internet
ISDN
LAN
Mobile
NGN
NPL network
Public Switched Telephone
Radio
Telecommunications equipment
Television
Telex
WAN
Wireless
World Wide Web








 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


 KRX 100 companies of South Korea






AmorePacific
BNK Financial
Celltrion
Cheil Worldwide
CJ
CJ CheilJedang
CJ Korea Express
CJOS
Coway Group
Daelim
Daewoo International
Daewoo Securities
Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering
DGB Financial Group
Dongbu Fire
Doosan
Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction
e-mart
Grand Korea Leisure
GS
GS Shop
Halla Visteon
Hana Financial
Hankook Tire
Hankook Tire Worldwide
Hansol
Hyundai Department Store
Hyundai Development Company
Hyundai Engineering & Construction
Hyundai Glovis
Hyundai Heavy Industries
Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance
Hyundai Mipo Dockyard
Hyundai Mobis
Hyundai Motor Company
Hyundai Steel
Hyundai Wia
Industrial Bank of Korea
Kakao
Kangwon Land
KB Financial
KCC
Kia Motors
KEPCO
KEPCO E&C
KEPCO KPS
Korea Gas
Korea Investment Holdings
Korea Zinc
KT
KT&G
Kumho Petrochemical
LF
LG
LG Chem
LG Electronics
LG Household & Health Care
LG International
LG Uplus
LIG
LOEN
Lotte Chemical
Lotte Shopping
LS
LS Industrial Systems
Mirae Asset Securities
Naver
NCSOFT
Nongwoo Bio
OCI
Orion
Osstem Implant
POSCO
S1
S-Oil
S.M. Entertainment
Samsung Card
Samsung C&T
Samsung Electro-Mechanics
Samsung Electronics
Samsung Engineering
Samsung Fire & Marine
Samsung Heavy Industries
Samsung Life
Samsung SDI
Samsung Securities
Samsung Techwin
Seoul Semiconductor
SFA Engineering
Shinhan Group
Shinsegae
SK
SK C&C
SK Hynix
SK Innovation
SK Telecom
The Basic House
Woori Financial
Youngone
Yuhan










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=SK_Telecom&oldid=791441254"					
Categories: 1984 establishments in South KoreaCompanies based in SeoulCompanies listed on the Korea Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeMobile phone companies of South KoreaSK subsidiariesSouth Korean brandsTelecommunications companies established in 1984Telecommunications companies of South KoreaHidden categories: CS1 Korean-language sources (ko)Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Korean-language text 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AsturianuDanskDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어IdoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoBahasa Melayu日本語PortuguêsРусскийTürkçe中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 08:32.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Stockflare     SKM Stock Price & News - SK Telecom Co. Ltd. ADR - Wall Street Journal                                    DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA ▲  22031.06 0.07%        S&P 500 ▲  2474.53 -0.12%        Nasdaq ▲  6354.58 -0.13%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  8/32 yield 2.241%        Crude Oil ▲  49.83 0.48%        Euro ▲  1.1879 0.19%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     Asia Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    3 August 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In               SK Telecom Co. Ltd. ADR SKM (U.S.: NYSE)      search    View All companies           REAL TIME 10:59 AM EDT 08/03/17     $27.5138 USD     -0.3662 -1.31%     Volume 201,347       Volume 201,347     65 Day Avg Vol 459,450     1 Day Range 27.40 - 27.79     52 Week Range 20.44 - 28.13 (01/03/17 - 08/02/17)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Telecommunication Services      Compare to    Add          Open  27.76   Prior Close  27.88 (08/02/17)     1 Day    SKM -1.31%     DJIA 0.07%     S&P 500 -0.12%     Telecommunication Services -0.41%                             Overview     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              News SK Telecom Co. Ltd. ADRSKM   Significant News Only       07/19/17 Press Release   Wireless Communications Stock Performance Review -- SK Telecom, Telephone and Data Systems, Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri, and TELUS   Press Release     07/12/17 Press Release   SK Telecom Commercializes NFV MANO Platform Named 'T-MANO'   Press Release     06/12/17 Press Release   Today's Research Report Coverage on Wireless Communications Stocks -- SK Telecom, Telephone and Data Systems, Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri, and TELUS   Press Release     load more              Key Stock Data     ?    P/E Ratio (TTM) The Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio, a key valuation measure, is calculated by dividing the stock's most recent closing price by the sum of the diluted earnings per share from continuing operations for the trailing 12 month period.  Earnings Per Share (TTM) A company's net income for the trailing twelve month period expressed as a dollar amount per fully diluted shares outstanding. Market Capitalization Reflects the total market value of a company. Market Cap is calculated by multiplying the number of shares outstanding by the stock's price. For companies with multiple common share classes, market capitalization includes both classes. Shares Outstanding Number of shares that are currently held by investors, including restricted shares owned by the company's officers and insiders as well as those held by the public. Public Float The number of shares in the hands of public investors and available to trade. To calculate, start with total shares outstanding and subtract the number of restricted shares. Restricted stock typically is that issued to company insiders with limits on when it may be traded. Dividend Yield A company's dividend expressed as a percentage of its current stock price.      Key Stock Data    P/E Ratio (TTM)  11.94 (08/03/17)      EPS (TTM)  $2.30      Market Cap $20.37 B     Shares Outstanding 727.44 M     Public Float N/A     Yield SKM has not issued dividends in more than 1 year.     Latest Dividend $0.1153681 (08/24/06)      Ex-Dividend Date 06/28/06       ?    Shares Sold Short The total number of shares of a security that have been sold short and not yet repurchased. Change from Last Percentage change in short interest from the previous report to the most recent report. Exchanges report short interest twice a month. Percent of Float Total short positions relative to the number of shares available to trade.      Short Interest (07/14/17)    Shares Sold Short 1.44 M     Change from Last  -28.06%      Percent of Float N/A       ?    Money Flow Uptick/Downtick Ratio Money flow measures the relative buying and selling pressure on a stock, based on the value of trades made on an "uptick" in price and the value of trades made on a "downtick" in price. The up/down ratio is calculated by dividing the value of uptick trades by the value of downtick trades. Net money flow is the value of uptick trades minus the value of downtick trades. Our calculations are based on comprehensive, delayed quotes.      Stock Money Flow    Uptick/Downtick Trade Ratio  0 2    0.93      Net Money Flow ($)  -56,706    Money flow gives a snapshot of relative buying and selling pressure in a stock. A ratio above one suggests greater buying pressure, below one suggests greater selling.               Advertisement         Competitors SKM      Company Change P/E (TTM)    TLK Telekomunikasi Indonesia ADR   -1.40% -0.50   17.52     DCM NTT DoCoMo Inc. ADR   +0.64% +0.15   14.86     KT KT Corp. ADR   -2.50% -0.46   13.86     PHI PLDT Inc. ADR   -1.02% -0.33   17.86        More information on SKM   Competitor Data Provided By: capital cube           Profile SKM      SK Telecom Co., Ltd. engages in the provision of wireless telecommunication and internet services. The company operates through the following business divisions: Wireless Tele Communication Services, Fixed-Line Telecommunication Services and Other business. The Wireless...      65 Eulji-ro Seoul SL 04539 Korea, Republic Of   Email Website Map       Employees  -    Sector  Wireless Telecommunications Services      Sales or Revenue  17.09 T    Industry  Telecommunication Services      1Y Sales Change  -0.26%    Fiscal Year Ends December 31 Download Reports          Jae-Hoon Lee Chairman       Jung-Ho Park President, Chief Executive Officer & Director       Dae-Duk Jung Head-Financial Management       Nam-Seok Han Head-Information Technology Service        More             Research & Ratings SK Telecom Co. Ltd. ADRSKM Per-Share Earnings, Actuals and Estimates      Quarterly   Annual    SKM will report FY 2017 earnings on 02/01/2018   SKM will report Q2 earnings on 07/27/2017         Actual     Analyst Range     Consensus      1.25  1.00  0.75  0.50           0.42        0.40        0.39        0.71        0.83        0.86       Q22016 Q3 Q4 Q12017  Q2 Q3          4.00  3.00  2.00          1.88        2.90        2.92        2.97       FY 2016 FY 2017 FY 2018 FY 2019              Q2 2017 Estimate Trends     Current: $0.83   1 month ago: $0.77   3 months ago: $0.74       Q3 2017 Estimate Trends     Current: $0.86   1 month ago: $0.70   3 months ago: $0.70         FY 2017 Estimate Trends     Current: $2.90   1 month ago: $2.78   3 months ago: $2.72       FY 2018 Estimate Trends     Current: $2.92   1 month ago: $2.80   3 months ago: $2.77         More         Financials SK Telecom Co. Ltd. ADRSKM     Quarterly   Annual      Net Income      0  200B  400B  600B                 Mar 2016   Jun 2016   Sep 2016   Dec 2016   Mar 2017         0  500B  1T  1.5T  2T                '12 '13 '14 '15 '16         Mar 2017 5-quarter trend   Net Income Growth +3.02%                     Sales or Revenue 4.23 T                Sales or Revenue Growth +0.14%                     EBITDA +1.17 T                   2016 5-year trend  Net Income Growth +10.48%                     Sales or Revenue 17.09 T                Sales or Revenue Growth -0.26%                     EBITDA +4.44 T                     More             Overview    Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                  

SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR) SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR)



















































			Currency : $
		


$







contact
sitemap
















ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789

 








Categories



A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9













>
S>SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR) SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR)
			











SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR) SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR)

This SWOT Analysis of SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR) provides a full SWOT analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile shows a comprehensive view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats.
More details












Reference: 
SWT10099412



Quantity:




				This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product.
			


Availability:







Warning: Last items in stock!



























Share on Facebook


	Remove this product from my favorites


	Add this product to my favorites
 Print












Data sheet









SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR) SWOT Analysis OverviewCategories: company report, strategic management, swot analysis, financial reportTag: SWOT analysis, risk analysis, financial historyDescription: The cost structure is dynamically. The company may gain diversification potential. Diversification reduces the overall risk.This SWOT Analysis of SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR) provides a strategic report of businesses and operations of the company. The SWOT analysis shows strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. This SWOT analysis of SK Telecom Co Ltd (ADR) can provide a competitive advantage.This analysis contains 285 data points.Last update: July 2017.SWOT - Strengths-reduced labor costs-high growth rate-skilled workforce SWOT - Weaknesses-future profitability-future market size SWOT - Opportunities-income level is at a constant increase-new markets-global markets-growing demand SWOT - Threats-external business risks-tax changes Business TrendsProfitabilityOutlookMarketThe industry shows a growth rate of about 5%.Industry specific SWOT analysis (Relevance/Importance)What happens in the underlying industry? Factors and trends affecting the overall industry and their implications for this business:Strengths-The market size is adequate. (36%, 57%)-The industry is more robust than the economy in general. (24%, 41%) Weaknesses-There is a competitive market. (23%, 36%) Opportunities-Global markets are available. (25%, 41%)-The market changes fast. (10%, 22%) Threats-Technological changes are affecting the industry. (22%, 27%) A SWOT Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the history of the company, corporate strategy, business and financial structure, management and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis on products and services, key competitors, as well as detailed financial information.Data on this page may have come in part, or entirely, from one or more data providers. Please contact us for further information. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions on this page. This website is for information purposes only. This is a sample report.Comparable companies and industriesSee a list of comparable companies or industries depending on the similarity of SWOT elements. We use weighted SWOT factors and a clustering technique to identify similar objects.Modine Manufacturing Co. SWOT AnalysisMorphosys SWOT AnalysisKorean Air Lines Co Ltd SWOT AnalysisHunt Consolidated/Hunt Oil SWOT AnalysisHALOS SWOT Analysis







Top 5 SWOT Analysis Search AppleMicrosoftFacebookChina MobileYahoo Compliance Compliance is necessary to make sure that any business or action conducted by a company is within legal parameters. The compliance unit develops, initiates, maintains, and revises policies and procedures for the general operation of the compliance program and its related activities to prevent illegal, unethical, or improper conduct. Financial and strategic SWOT analysis A financial and strategic SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, financial data, business structure, business divisions and key operations. Each report contains a detailed SWOT analysis with additional information on the key competitors, market structure, major products, brands and services, as well as detailed financial data for the last 5 years. Due Diligence Due diligence is the process of systematically researching and verifying the accuracy of a financial statement, business or investment. SWOT Analysis – Advantages and Limitations Over the past decade, SWOT analysis has been extended beyond companies to products, organizations, countries and industries. Each professional business plan contains a SWOT analysis. What are the benefits and limitations? Advantages  You can use a SWOT analysis to summarize a complex situation. It is easy to understand and has little or no cost. Quantitative and qualitative information from different sources can be combined. Focus on the key internal and external factors affecting the organization. It is easy to perform and understand. It can be used fast.    Limitations  There is no weight or prioritization of factors. A SWOT analysis contains of a list of factors without further descriptions or links between factors. The analysis does not provide any solutions. It is only a description. 







 Free information
 Worldwide Coverage
 Free Listings
 Free Access
 Easy and Secure





Categories




A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9









Information

Specials New products
Top sellers Contact us
Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions of use
About us
Sitemap





My account


My orders
My credit slips
My addresses
My personal info


				My favorite products
	


Sign out




Follow us

Facebook Twitter 





This site uses cookies so that we can improve your experience on our sites. You can read about cookie privacy policy by clicking on this link: Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2017 Weiner Consulting. All Rights Reserved. The content of this website is for informational purposes only.
Advisor4u | 
Advisor4u Jobmarket |
Advisor4u Companies |
Advisorgate Industries |
Businessplaninternational | 
Businessplaninternational Digital 
Businessplaninternational SWOT |
Businessplaninternational Datacenter |
Businessplaninternational Freelance | 
Businessplaninternational Marketplace | 
Businessplangate 
Businessplangate Companies |
Livingplace4u College |
Livingplace4u Jobs | 
Propertyplace4u |
Productplace4u |
Advisorgate |
Advisorgate Reports 
Advisorgate BPlans |
Advisorgate Financials |
Advisorgate Competition |
SWOTAnalysis24 |
SWOTData |
Advisorgate SWOT






SKM Stock Price & News - SK Telecom Co. Ltd. ADR - Barron'sAsiaU.S.SubscribeSubscribeLog InSee All CompaniesSearchSK Telecom Co. Ltd. ADRSKMU.S.: NYSEAdd to WatchlistQuoteQuoteCompany & PeopleFinancialsResearch & RatingsAdvanced ChartMarket Open$27.51-0.37  (-1.313%)Aug 3, 2017 10:59 a.m. ET EDTReal time quote52.75%Current Vol65 Day Avg242.4K459.4KPrevious Close$27.88Open$27.76Day Range$27.40 - $27.7952 Wk Range$20.44 - $28.13Market Value$20.4BYtd net Change31.6%1 Yr net Change23.9%P/E Ratio(TTM)11.94EPS(TTM)$2.30Div & YieldN/A (N/A)Beta0.60 Compare Day Low 27.4027.79 Day HighCurrent 27.51Open 27.76NewsBarron'sSourceBarron'sOther Dow JonesPress ReleasesBarron'sOther Dow JonesPress ReleasesNov 3, 2016Buy SK Telecom And Get Korea’s No. 1 E-commerce Platform For FreeBarrons BlogsSep 1, 2016UPDATE Samsung Electronics Tumbles On Galaxy Note 7 Shipment Delay: What’s The Damage?Barrons BlogsMar 23, 2016Buy Korean Telcos To Ride Internet Of Things WaveBarrons BlogsFeb 22, 2016Wireless’s Future Belongs to VR and Cloud, Some SayBarrons BlogsSep 14, 20153 Emerging Market Stocks To Own, 7 To AvoidBarrons BlogsJul 28, 20155 Value Stocks From a Go-Anywhere InvestorBarron's OnlineApr 21, 2015Korea’s Telcos to Dial Up Earnings, DividendsBarron's OnlineMar 29, 2015Why the GS6 Will Drive Samsung to New HighsBarron's OnlineJan 13, 2015SK Telecom Speeds Ahead of Its RivalsBarron's OnlineNov 18, 2014Upside For India’s Tata, Dr. Reddy’s, Korea’s SK Telecom, China RailBarrons BlogsMay 10, 2012Allianz's McKinney Likes Batting Average of Dividend StocksBarrons BlogsNov 2, 2010Seeking Stocks With Sustainable DividendsBarron's OnlineMar 30, 2010Verizon Shares Won't Get Charge From iPhoneBarron's OnlineAug 29, 2007Two Wireless Firms With Upward MobilityBarron's OnlineAug 14, 2006WiMAX War Heats UpBarron's OnlineMar 7, 2005Ring Up DoCoMo?Barron's OnlineNov 15, 2004Trying GameBarron's OnlineJul 26, 2004Buy American?Barron's OnlineOct 27, 2003Microsoft's Next Target: Media PowerBarron's OnlineNov 4, 2002The Fun May Be FiniteBarron's OnlineLoading more news…There is no more news available.More NewsOct 23, 2016E-Sports: A League of Its OwnThe Wall Street JournalSep 21, 2016Replacement Galaxy Notes 7s Arrive En MasseDow Jones NewswiresSep 21, 2016Replacement Galaxy Note 7s Arrive En MasseThe Wall Street JournalSep 9, 2016Samsung Shares Unloaded in Galaxy Note 7 Fire SaleDow Jones NewswiresSep 9, 2016Samsung Shares Drop Over FAA Warning on Galaxy Note 7The Wall Street JournalSep 1, 2016Samsung Stops Smartphone Shipments as Safety Suspicions SpreadDow Jones NewswiresSep 1, 2016Samsung Stops Galaxy Note 7 Smartphone Shipments as Safety Suspicions SpreadThe Wall Street JournalFeb 22, 2016Deutsche Telekom to Launch Ngena Project for Global ConglomeratesDow Jones NewswiresFeb 5, 2016China's Move to Ride on Korean Wave Leaves Seoul DividedDow Jones NewswiresFeb 5, 2016China’s Move to Ride on Korean Wave Leaves Seoul DividedThe Wall Street JournalSep 1, 2015Can a Google Maps for indoors save shopping malls?MarketWatch.comJul 1, 2015Mall Operators Begin Cultivating StartupsThe Wall Street JournalJul 1, 2015Mall Operators Begin Cultivating StartupsDow Jones NewswiresFeb 27, 2015Viber to appeal patent infringement sawsuit brought by SK TelecomMarketWatch.comFeb 27, 2015Viber to Appeal Patent Infringement Lawsuit Brought by SK TelecomThe Wall Street JournalFeb 11, 2015Sigfox Eyes U.S. IPO After Latest Funding RoundThe Wall Street JournalSep 28, 2014Corporate Watch: News DigestThe Wall Street JournalSep 27, 2014SK Telecom Agrees to Acquire ShopkickThe Wall Street JournalAug 12, 2014South Korean Phone Maker Pantech Files for Court ReceivershipThe Wall Street JournalJun 16, 2014EU, South Korea to Ally on Faster Mobile AccessThe Wall Street JournalLoading more news…There is no more news available.More NewsJul 19, 2017Wireless Communications Stock Performance Review -- SK Telecom, Telephone and Data Systems, Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri, and TELUSPR NewswiresJul 12, 2017SK Telecom Commercializes NFV MANO Platform Named 'T-MANO'PR NewswiresJun 12, 2017Today's Research Report Coverage on Wireless Communications Stocks -- SK Telecom, Telephone and Data Systems, Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri, and TELUSPR NewswiresMajor HoldersMutual FundsInstitutionalNameShares Held% OutstandingChange in Shares% of AssetsAs Of DateDelaware Emerging Markets Fund3.53M0.49%10.77K3.06%02/28/17Fidelity Series Emerging Markets Fund1.59M0.22%52.9K0.25%05/31/17JPMorgan Investment Funds - Global Income Fund1M0.14%186.15K0.1%06/30/17Nordea Global Dividend Fund945.05K0.13%2.54K1.13%05/31/17Nordea 1 - Stable Return Fund813.91K0.11%00.06%05/31/17Nordea 1 - Stable Emerging Markets Equity Fund811.99K0.11%-37.45K1.09%05/31/17Loys SICAV - Global800.98K0.11%04.19%12/31/16Länsförsäkringar Tillväxtmarknadsfonden799.75K0.11%391.13K0.96%09/30/16Overstone Emerging Markets Equity Fund736.06K0.1%08.18%06/30/17Kempen Global High Dividend Fund NV678K0.09%-115.4K1.16%03/31/17NameShares Held% OutstandingChange in Shares% of AssetsAs Of DateSilchester International Investors LLP15.99M2.2%-346.66K2.09%03/31/17Macquarie Investment Management Business Trust7.26M1%666.01K0.33%03/31/17Nordea Investment Management AB3.94M0.54%58.11K0.19%03/31/17Nordea Investment Management AB (Denmark)3.01M0.41%-34.82K0.1%05/31/17Causeway Capital Management LLC2.83M0.39%-140.15K0.22%03/31/17Oldfield Partners LLP2.57M0.35%172.63K2.26%06/30/17JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Ltd.2.04M0.28%636.01K0.05%03/31/17Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC1.95M0.27%-438.38K0.06%03/31/17Henderson Global Investors Ltd.1.92M0.26%-178.75K0.08%03/31/17NWQ Investment Management Co. LLC1.91M0.26%-154.87K0.6%03/31/17Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source: FactSet FundamentalsFeedback on our new quotes?EMAIL USKey Stock DataShares Outstanding727.44MLatest Dividend$0.12 (Aug 24, 2006)Ex-Dividend DateJun 28, 2006Institutional Ownership10.72%Short Interest1.44M (7/14/2017)Short Interest Change-28.06%Net Money Flow$-56.71KMoney Flow Ratio0.93%See Company FinancialsSee Company RatingsProfileSK Telecom Co., Ltd. engages in the provision of wireless telecommunication and internet services. The company operates through...See Company OverviewKey ExecutivesJae-Hoon LeeChairmanJung-Ho ParkPresident, Chief Executive Officer & DirectorDae-Duk JungHead-Financial ManagementNam-Seok HanHead-Information Technology ServiceJin-Hyo ParkSenior Vice President & Head-Network TechnologyCompetitors (SKM)Symbol% ChgMarket CapTLK-1.403%$36.3BDCM0.64%$91.8BKT-2.499%$8.2BPHI-1.019%$6.9BMore information on SKMCompetitor Data Provided By:capital cubeNOTES & DATA PROVIDERS NOTES & DATA PROVIDERS×Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only.International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times.Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information.Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright 2017 © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon.Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.



SKM | SK Telecom Co Ltd ADR股票 - Investing.com


























































































x




突发新闻




















 
 
















 搜索网站: 





热门搜索












热门股票 
股票筛选器 






登录/注册 

0

最新提醒


注册以创建品种、
财经事件和所关注作者内容的提醒
注册 已有账户？ 登录

 







English (USA)РусскийEnglish (UK)TürkçeEnglish (India)‏العربية‏English (Canada)ΕλληνικάEnglish (Australia)SvenskaEnglish (South Africa)SuomiDeutschעבריתEspañol (España)日本語Español (México)한국어Français香港ItalianoBahasa IndonesiaNederlandsBahasa MelayuPortuguês (Portugal)ไทยPolskiTiếng ViệtPortuguês (Brasil) 





跳转到中文版 

            您更倾向于浏览Investing.com的中文版吗？        

不，谢谢是，跳转至中文站 


 




















SK Telecom Co Ltd ADR (SKM)	


 
纽约
 




 
代码
交易所
货币
 




 
SKM
纽约
USD
实时


 
017670
韩国首尔
KRW
延迟


 
SKMy
柏林
EUR
延迟










创建提醒 

创建提醒



New!
创建提醒


网站

作为提醒通知
您需要登录至您的账户才能使用此功能



移动App





您需要登录至您的账户才能使用此功能
请确保以同样的用户个人资料登录





条件


价格
涨跌幅
量
财报





高于
低于


提醒频率
一次                


盈利 / 亏损
盈利
亏损

%
					提醒频率
循环
一次



成交量超过


提醒频率
循环
一次


关注SK Telecom ADR的财务报告
所有未来的发布
仅限下次发布
提前1个交易日给我发送提醒






通知方式
 网站弹出窗口
 手机App通知
 电子邮件提醒


状态









创建 管理我的提醒 



后退 

 



 

从投资组合添加/删除
投资组合









添加至关注列表				

添加头寸				




头寸已成功添加至：					










请给您的持仓投资组合命名




类型:

买入
卖出



日期:










 



数量:



价格



点值:






杠杆:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



佣金:









 

创建新关注列表
创建 


创建新持仓投资组合
添加
创建 

+ 添加其他头寸
结束 














27.51
-0.37
  
-1.31%



22:59:29 - 实时数据 CFD.  USD 货币 ( 免责声明 )


 

类型:
股票


市场:
美国


ISIN:
US78440P1084 


CUSIP:
78440P108

 



量: 260,587
买入价/卖出价: 27.51 / 27.52
每日幅度: 27.40 - 27.79

 
开始交易 
交易有风险，投资需谨慎






SK Telecom ADR
27.51
-0.37
-1.31%




开始交易 
交易有风险，投资需谨慎



 

                总况                 
 


图表
 
 


流图
互动图表




财务状况
 
 


财务概要
利润表
资产负债表
现金流量
比率
股息
财报




技术
 
 


技术分析
K线型态
一致预期




论坛
 
 


所有评论
最近观点
用户排名






概览


简介


历史数据


期权


所属股指




SKM 概览

 
			

关于SK Telecom Co Ltd ADR股票的最新资讯。您可点击历史数据、图表、技术分析和其他部分以获知更多详情。







 




 
      K 线图
 区域图


1
5
15
30
1H
5H
1D
1W
1M


 
      显示/隐藏新闻

技术图表 



Loading


        最后更新时间: 


1日
1周
1个月
3个月
6个月
1年
5年
最大值







昨收27.87每日幅度27.4 - 27.79营业额15.39B开盘27.7652 周范围20.44 - 28.13每股收益2.35量260,587市值20.43B红利0 (3.51%)平均成交量 (3个月)460,477市盈率11.86贝塔0.351年涨跌幅25.25%发行股份70,609,160下一個盈利日2017年10月25日



技术总结




类型
5 分钟
15 分钟
每小时
每日
每月




移动平均指数
出售
负面
中性
购买
购买


技术指标
负面
负面
负面
正面
正面


总结
负面
负面
出售
正面
正面




K线型态



 
表格筛选方式:



K线特性:

                时间范围                
所有
15
30
1H
5H
1D
1W
1M



                类型                
所有
看多
看空



                型态指示                
所有
逆转
继续



                可靠性                
高/中/低
高/中
仅高





应用 恢复默认设置





型态
时间范围
可靠性
以前的K线
K线时间




显现型态



Three Black Crows
5H

当前


完整型态



Deliberation Bearish
1W

1
2017年7月23日



Doji Star Bearish
1W

1
2017年7月23日



Engulfing Bearish
1W

4
2017年7月2日








寻找代理



外汇
差价合约
股票
















































SK Telecom Co Ltd ADR 行情




交易所
最新价
买入价
卖出价
量
百分比变化
货币
时间





 
纽约
27.51
27.51
27.52
260,587
-1.31%
USD
22:59:29
 


 
韩国首尔
283,000
283,000
283,500
180,471
-0.18%
KRW
14:51:34
 


 
柏林
23.130
22.515
23.740
0
-1.26%
EUR
22:32:00
 




 热门股票




创建提醒
添加此金融品种至

 

从投资组合添加/删除
 









添加至关注列表				

添加头寸				




头寸已成功添加至：					










请给您的持仓投资组合命名




类型:

买入
卖出



日期:










 



数量:



价格



点值:






杠杆:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



佣金:









 

创建新关注列表
创建 


创建新持仓投资组合
添加
创建 

+ 添加其他头寸
结束 



 创建提醒



New!
创建提醒


网站

作为提醒通知
您需要登录至您的账户才能使用此功能



移动App





您需要登录至您的账户才能使用此功能
请确保以同样的用户个人资料登录






条件


价格
涨跌幅
量
财报





高于
低于


提醒频率
一次                


盈利 / 亏损
盈利
亏损

%
					提醒频率
循环
一次



成交量超过


提醒频率
循环
一次



所有未来的发布
仅限下次发布
提前1个交易日给我发送提醒






通知方式
 网站弹出窗口
 手机App通知
 电子邮件提醒


状态









_fpb_save 管理我的提醒 



后退 






 
 名称 
 最新股价 
 最高 
 最低 
 涨跌额 
 涨跌幅
 交易量
 时间





 
苹果公司
156.21
157.20
155.28
-0.93
-0.59%
10.02M
22:59:41
 


 
中化岩土工程
10.41
10.88
10.35
-0.13
-1.23%
42.94M
15:00:00
 


 
高级微设备公司
13.310
13.520
13.280
-0.060
-0.45%
16.99M
22:59:42
 


 
Tesla Motors
347.68
350.00
343.15
+21.79
+6.69%
7.29M
22:59:42
 


 
 阿里巴巴
153.29
153.45
149.60
+1.38
+0.91%
4.76M
22:59:38
 


 
腾讯控股
309.00
312.50
307.90
-4.60
-1.47%
23.47M
16:00:00
 


 
格力电器
38.33
39.00
37.95
-0.69
-1.77%
79.64M
15:00:00
 


 
亚马逊公司
991.45
999.50
984.59
-4.44
-0.45%
1.22M
22:59:39
 


 
Minds + Machines
12.500
12.500
12.500
0.000
0.00%
484.66K
22:56:00
 


 
Jd.Com Inc Adr
45.57
45.73
44.66
+0.32
+0.71%
2.88M
22:59:41
 





SK Telecom Co Ltd ADR 公司档案

行业通信服务
部门服务
员工24569
股票类型ADR


通过业内领先交易经纪商开始交易



经纪商
管控
最低保证金






塞浦路斯证券交易委员会 (塞浦路斯)
$100

开始交易 



塞浦路斯证券交易委员会 (塞浦路斯), 金融市场行为监管局 (英国), 澳大利亚证券投资委员会 (澳大利亚)
$5

开始交易 





我的看法



添加您的观点:


或





 



成员看法:


看多
50%
看空
50%








添加评论

评论指南
 

        评论指南        


我们鼓励您使用评论，与用户沟通，共享您的观点并向作者及互相提问。 但是，为了获得有价值和期待的高水平评论，请注意以下标准：

丰富对话
保持关注及正确方向。 只发布与所讨论话题相关的材料。
保持尊重。 即使是负面的意见，也可以用积极的外交辞令进行组织。
用标准书写风格。 包括标点和大小写。
注： 评论中如有垃圾和/或促销信息和链接都将被删除。
避免亵渎、诽谤或人身攻击，对于作者或其他用户。
仅允许中文评论。

垃圾邮件或滥发信息的肇事者都将被从网站删除并禁止以后进行注册，这由Investing.com自由决定。 
我已经阅读Investing.com评论指南并同意所述条款。

我同意 













 
确定删除此图表？


删除 取消


 










 
用新图表更换现在所附的图表？


更换 取消


发布
1000






请等待一分钟后再次发表评论

 



非常感谢您的评论！您的评论正在进行版主审核，可能需要一段时间才会发布在网站上。




			
				
    
        
                                    {username}
                                刚刚
                
	
	
		
			分享
		

				
		
			
			保存		
	
	
		

	已保存。查看收藏列表。
	


	此评论已保存至您的收藏列表
	

	




		
			
				报告			
		
		
			共享此评论至：
		
	
                 笔者回应                 
                                            
                            
                            
                        
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                                        {commentContent}
                    
                                            
                            回复
							
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                        
                                    
            
        
        			
			
				
    
        
                            {username}
                        刚刚
			 笔者回应 			
	
	
		
			分享
		

				
		
			
			保存		
	
	
		

	已保存。查看收藏列表。
	


	此评论已保存至您的收藏列表
	

	




		
			
				报告			
		
		
			共享此评论至：
		
	
            
                                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                                {commentContent}
                
                                    
                        回复
						
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                    
                
            
        
    
			
			
				
					显示更多评论 ()
				
			
			
				
					显示更多回复 ()
				
			
		










 
确定删除此图表？


删除 取消


 










 
用新图表更换现在所附的图表？


更换 取消


发布
1000






请等待一分钟后再次发表评论

 

 


 
     



举报该评论

您举报该评论的原因为：
商业推销
言语冒犯
无关内容


提交 



该评论已被标注



谢谢您!
            您的举报将会被发送到管理员进行审核        


结束 



在评论中添加图表







取消
添加 

免责声明: Fusion Media would like to remind you that the data  contained in this website is not necessarily real-time nor accurate.  All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures) and Forex prices are not provided by exchanges but rather by market makers, and so prices may not be accurate and may differ from the actual market price, meaning prices are indicative and not appropriate for trading purposes.  Therefore Fusion Media doesn`t bear any responsibility for any trading losses you might incur as a result of using this data.
Fusion Media or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on  the information including data, quotes, charts and buy/sell signals contained within this website. Please be fully informed regarding the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, it is one of the riskiest investment forms possible.  
 
 

 


指数
期货
外汇
国债

更多类别

标签选择指数期货外汇国债股票交易所交易基金%COUNT%/4 已选择 应用1日1周1个月6个月1年5年最大值 上证指数3,272.93-12.13-0.37%  富时中国A5011,803.77-166.85-1.39%  恒生指数27,531.01-76.37-0.28%  深圳成指10,436.17-33.17-0.32%  道琼斯30 (F)21,973.5+16.5+0.08%  美国标普500 (F)2,472.25-1.25-0.05%  新加坡MSCI (F)371.80+1.10+0.30%  美元指数92.63-0.12-0.13%  伦敦布伦特原油52.74+0.38+0.73%  WTI原油49.84+0.25+0.50%  黄金1,268.12-3.68-0.29%  白银16.671-0.062-0.37%  天然气2.812+0.001+0.04%  美国11号糖14.41-0.46-3.09%  美国大豆油33.64-0.62-1.81%  铝1,914.25-12.75-0.66%  美元/人民币6.7191-0.0018-0.03%  欧元/美元1.1877+0.0021+0.18%  美元/日元110.06-0.63-0.57%  人民币/港币1.1637+0.0008+0.07%  英镑/美元1.3142-0.0081-0.61%  美元/离岸人民币6.7279-0.0013-0.02%  澳大利亚元/美元0.7954-0.0013-0.16%  比特币/美元2,739.4+59.4+2.22%  中国10年期3.644-0.004-0.11%  香港10年期1.532+0.028+0.00%  美国10年期2.244-0.018-0.78%  长期欧元债券163.28+0.42+0.26%  英国公债126.79+0.75+0.60%  美国10年期T-Note126.25+0.21+0.17%  美国30年期T-Bond154.74+0.75+0.49%  日本30年期0.870-0.003-0.34%  开始交易交易有风险，投资需谨慎 
  


外汇期货指数股票 




 标签选择 

外汇期货指数股票国债交易所交易基金 
 %COUNT%/4 已选择 应用


时间范围                    
1 分钟
5 分钟
15 分钟
30 分钟
每小时
5 小时
每日
每周










EUR/USD
1.1877

+0.0021 +0.18%



总结
正面



移动平均指数:
购买 12
出售 0



指标:
购买 6
出售 2

 



EUR/USD
1.1877

+0.0021 +0.18%



总结
正面



移动平均指数:
购买 12
出售 0



指标:
购买 6
出售 2



GBP/USD
1.3142

-0.0081 -0.61%



总结
正面



移动平均指数:
购买 9
出售 3



指标:
购买 7
出售 1



USD/JPY
110.06

-0.63 -0.57%



总结
负面



移动平均指数:
购买 0
出售 12



指标:
购买 0
出售 7



AUD/USD
0.7954

-0.0013 -0.16%



总结
正面



移动平均指数:
购买 12
出售 0



指标:
购买 10
出售 1



USD/CAD
1.2555

-0.0016 -0.13%



总结
负面



移动平均指数:
购买 0
出售 12



指标:
购买 0
出售 6



EUR/JPY
130.73

-0.50 -0.38%



总结
负面



移动平均指数:
购买 0
出售 12



指标:
购买 0
出售 9



EUR/CHF
1.1499

-0.0010 -0.09%



总结
负面



移动平均指数:
购买 0
出售 12



指标:
购买 0
出售 11



黄金期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



白银期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



铜期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



WTI原油期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



伦敦布伦特原油期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



天然气期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



美国C型咖啡期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



道琼斯工业平均指数


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



纳斯达克100指数


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



美国标准普尔500指数


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



德国DAX30指数


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



英国富时100指数


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



法国CAC40指数


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



日经225指数


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



苹果公司


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



Alphabet Inc Class A


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



Bank of America Corp


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



摩根大通银行公司


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



埃克森美孚公司


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



BP PLC


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



德意志银行


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



美国2年期


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



美国5年期


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



美国10年期


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



美国30年期


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



长期欧元债券期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



美国10年期T-Note期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



日本政府债券期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



英国公债期货


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



钻石信托


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



iShares Russell 1000 Growth


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



iShares Russell 2000


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



PowerShares QQQ


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



SPDR标普500


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



ProShares UltraShort S&P500


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 



ProShares UltraShort QQQ


 %



总结




移动平均指数:
购买 
出售 



指标:
购买 
出售 




 
 
EUR/USD
1.1877
正面
 


 
 
GBP/USD
1.3142
正面
 


 
 
USD/JPY
110.06
负面
 


 
 
AUD/USD
0.7954
正面
 


 
 
USD/CAD
1.2555
负面
 


 
 
EUR/JPY
130.73
负面
 


 
 
EUR/CHF
1.1499
负面
 






 
 
黄金


 


 
 
白银


 


 
 
铜


 


 
 
WTI原油


 


 
 
伦敦布伦特原油


 


 
 
天然气


 


 
 
美国C型咖啡


 






 
 
道琼斯指数


 


 
 
纳斯达克100


 


 
 
标普500指数


 


 
 
德国DAX30


 


 
 
英国富时100


 


 
 
法国CAC40


 


 
 
日经225


 






 
 
苹果公司


 


 
 
Alphabet A


 


 
 
美国银行公司


 


 
 
摩根大通银行公司


 


 
 
埃克森美孚公司


 


 
 
BP


 


 
 
德意志银行


 



 

开始交易交易有风险，投资需谨慎 
近期报价 名称价格涨跌额涨跌幅  SKM27.51-0.37-1.31% 


添加至关注列表
添加至关注列表


添加至关注列表 (最多50个)

选择在何处添加结果：





			添加成功		


创建投资组合
提交 



创建 



结束 

 



 

股市走势


最活跃股票
领涨个股
领跌个股







 
名称
最新价
涨跌幅
交易量

 




 
中国铝业
6.720
+4.67%
605.46M

 


 
洛阳钼业
7.460
+4.19%
486.28M

 


 
First Capital Securities A
11.45
+4.47%
418.91M

 


 
East Money Information
12.86
+7.08%
363.93M

 


 
北方稀土
18.390
+2.45%
227.74M

 


 
方大炭素
34.160
+0.53%
158.73M

 


 
科大讯飞
45.47
-5.64%
88.64M

 

 





 
名称
最新价
涨跌幅
交易量

 




 
马钢股份
5.230
+10.11%
285.22M

 


 
凌钢股份
4.470
+10.10%
141.56M

 


 
Shanghai Anoky Group
7.00
+10.06%
20.11M

 


 
中毅达
7.99
+10.06%
8.05M

 


 
乾景园林
11.390
+10.05%
59.09M

 


 
金钼股份
9.210
+10.04%
102.67M

 


 
Omnijoi Media
15.79
+10.03%
6.60M

 

 





 
名称
最新价
涨跌幅
交易量

 




 
Zhejiang Dibay Electric
34.46
-10.00%
414.20K

 


 
Henan Yicheng
8.36
-8.93%
69.09M

 


 
西水股份
32.000
-8.68%
90.30M

 


 
ST沧大
50.090
-8.36%
49.15M

 


 
利尔化学
12.71
-8.10%
17.17M

 


 
春兰股份
6.610
-7.29%
46.45M

 


 
莱克电气
47.680
-7.06%
3.49M

 

 


  













 

免费注册  并获得：
 实时推送提醒
 高级个人投资组合功能
 可个性化定制图表
 个人设置在App上全面同步








用Facebook账号注册



用Google账号注册


或

用电子邮件注册







