


SUCCESS PRECISE CO., LTD. - Homepage




















Homepage












Product Categories


Mechanical Instrument  (19) 
Electronic Instrument  (10) 
Sensor  (2) 
All Product Listing
 Product RSS













Company Profile
Company News


Inquire Now
Webmaster Login

















SUCCESS PRECISE CO., LTD.




Success Precise Co., Ltd. was founded in 1981, main business includes the design, development, and production of various instruments , fuel sender and electronic components for the automobile, motorcycle, and marines.As this industry is experiencing a technological revolution, we continuously work with product leaders in Europe, United States and Japan to bring forth the newest technology, most modern design and the best management. At the same time we are keeping our competitive edge by investing in modern factories equipments both domestically and overseas and training a productive and profe
      ... {read more}    
    
	



Product Showcase









Mechanical Instrument









Mechanical Instrument









Mechanical Instrument









Electronic Instrument







 Product Categories


Mechanical Instrument

Mechanical Instrument
19


Electronic Instrument

Electronic Instrument
10


Sensor

Fuel Sensor
2




 


Contact Information

Company:SUCCESS PRECISE CO., LTD.
Address:4th Fl., No. 76, Paokao Rd., Hsintien Dist., New Taipei City, Taiwan 231
Telephone:886-2-2918-0566, 886-4-823-9188
Fax:886-2-2912-8514, 886-4-823-9187
E-Mail:intspc@seed.net.tw  [ Inquire Now  ]

URL:
www.s-p-c.com.tw










































	Marketing Theories - The 7P's of the Marketing Mix

































  Marketing Theories – The Marketing Mix – From 4 P’s to 7 P’s 




























Advice and Blog
Marketing Theories – The Marketing Mix – From 4 P’s to 7 P’s











Marketing Theories – The Marketing Mix – From 4 P’s to 7 P’s
Visit our Marketing Theories Page to see more of our marketing buzzword busting blogs. 
Marketing is a continually evolving discipline and as such can be one that companies find themselves left very much behind the competition if they stand still for too long. One example of this evolution has been the fundamental changes to the basic Marketing mix. Where once there were 4 P’s to explain the mix, nowadays it is more commonly accepted that a more developed 7 P’s adds a much needed additional layer of depth to the Marketing Mix with some theorists going even going further.
Before we get carried away though what is the Marketing Mix and what is the original 4 P’s principle?
The Marketing Mix
Simply put the Marketing Mix is a tool used by businesses and Marketers to help determine a product or brands offering. The 4 P’s have been associated with the Marketing Mix since their creation by E. Jerome McCarthy in 1960 (You can see why there may have been some need to update the theory).
The Marketing Mix 4 P’s:

Product - The Product should fit the task consumers want it for, it should work and it should be what the consumers are expecting to get.


Place – The product should be available from where your target consumer finds it easiest to shop. This may be High Street, Mail Order or the more current option via e-commerce or an online shop.


Price – The Product should always be seen as representing good value for money. This does not necessarily mean it should be the cheapest available; one of the main tenets of the marketing concept is that customers are usually happy to pay a little more for something that works really well for them.


Promotion – Advertising, PR, Sales Promotion, Personal Selling and, in more recent times, Social Media are all key communication tools for an organisation. These tools should be used to put across the organisation’s message to the correct audiences  in the manner they would most like to hear, whether it be informative or appealing to their emotions.

In the late 70’s it was widely acknowledged by Marketers that the Marketing Mix should be updated. This led to the creation of the Extended Marketing Mix in 1981 by Booms & Bitner which added 3 new elements to the 4 P’s Principle. This now allowed the extended Marketing Mix to include products that are services and not just physical things.
The extended 7 P’s:

People – All companies are reliant on the people who run them from front line Sales staff to the Managing Director. Having the right people is essential because they are as much a part of your business offering as the products/services you are offering.


Processes –The delivery of your service is usually done with the customer present so how the service is delivered is once again part of what the consumer is paying for.


Physical Evidence – Almost all services include some physical elements even if the bulk of what the consumer is paying for is intangible. For example a hair salon would provide their client with a completed hairdo and an insurance company would give their customers some form of printed material. Even if the material is not physically printed (in the case of PDF’s) they are still receiving a “physical product” by this definition.

Though in place since the 1980’s the 7 P’s are still widely taught due to their fundamental logic being sound in the marketing environment and marketers abilities to adapt the Marketing Mix to include changes in communications such as social media, updates in the places which you can sell a product/service or customers expectations in a constantly changing commercial environment.
Is there an 8th P?
In some spheres of thinking, there are 8 P’s in the Marketing Mix. The final P is Productivity and Quality. This came from the old Services Marketing Mix and is folded in to the Extended Marketing Mix by some marketers so what does it mean?
The 8th P of the Marketing Mix:

Productivity & Quality - This P asks “is what you’re offering your customer a good deal?” This is less about you as a business improving your own productivity for cost management, and more about how your company passes this onto its customers.

Even after 31 years (or 54 in the case of the original P’s) the Marketing Mix is still very much applicable to a marketer’s day to day work. A good marketer will learn to adapt the theory to fit with not only modern times but their individual business model.
At Professional Academy the Marketing Mix is used across all of our marketing qualifications and first taught as part of the CIM Foundation Certificate in Professional Marketing but every level of qualification there are nods back to the Marketing Mix P’s in some way shape or form so making them key knowledge for any marketer to be used alongside other Marketing theories such as SWOT Analysis, PESTEL Theory, the Boston Consulting Group Matrix and Stakeholder Mapping.
For more information on the Professional Academy’s Marketing Qualifications please download a Prospectus today.
For more in-depth information on the Marketing Mix you can download this Free CIM Guide to Marketing and the 7 P’s.



 










Return























Tiscali - Investor Relations | Our Business













ITA   |   ENG            
            
    	    	
    




The Company

Our Business
Company Structure
Management
Key Figures
Shareholders' Agreement
Organizational culture


Governance

Board of Directors
Committees
Statutory Auditors
Other Corporate Bodies
Independent Auditors
Shareholders Meetings
Articles of Association 
Market Abuse/Internal Dealing
Code of Ethics




Share Information

Share Price
Share Capital Evolution
Shareholding Structure
Rights Issue
Bond


Documents

Annual Reports
Interim Reports
Presentations
IPO
Informative Documents


Calendar of Events

Events


Financial Press

Financial Press


Contacts

 














Revenues by Business Line as of 31 December 2015


Our Business

Tiscali is one of the main telecommunications companies in Italy and offers its customers, individuals and companies, a wide range of communication services: Internet access in DSL mode, Voice, VoIP, value-added services, mobile and Over the Top services. Tiscali is also active in the digital media segment and online advertising through its portal www.tiscali.it, one of the main Italian portals that in 2015 recorded a total traffic of over 300 million monthly average pageviews, and Veesible, which deals with the sale of the www.tiscali.it portal advertising space but also of several other leading Italian web properties.
 
The company complements its digital strategy through innovation monitoring and the development of digital Over The Top applications such as Istella (Search Engine), Indoona (Personal Unified Messaging integrated system) and Streamago (application of social media key areas integrated live streaming). The development of such products and services identifies Tiscali as an operator that historically focuses on innovation made for its customers.
 


Thanks to the merger with Aria Group, Tiscali has expanded its industrial asset portfolio, particularly by acquiring the license for 40MHz spectrum of technology neutral 3.5GHz frequency and the proprietary fixed wireless access network. By aggregating the assets of Aria, today Tiscali is one of the few national operators to have an End-to-End proprietary network infrastructure (network of transportation + Access Network), a key asset to successfully operate in the telecommunications market, and with which the company can increase both the competitiveness of its offers and its overall profitability. Through this proprietary network infrastructure, Tiscali will launch the new ultra-broadband services Fixed Wireless LTE (with speeds up to 100Mbps), which will significantly enrich its product portfolio in the connectivity services.
 





Privacy Policy | Cookie Policy
Copyright© Tiscali S.p.A. 2017 P.IVA 02375280928




















































 



 Tiscali Introduces indoona 3.0 Completely Renewed, Fast And Intuitive: Enhanced Chat And File 
         










    









 






 











 









Tiscali Introduces indoona 3.0 Completely Renewed, Fast And Intuitive: Enhanced Chat And File Sharing And Free Group Calls

		  100 Minutes of Free Calls to Landlines and Mobile Phones in Europe, USA, China and Canada
		

Nov 17, 2014, 04:00 ET
		  		  											
						 from   Tiscali 











 
















































 

 















































 

 

 
 
 
 







indoona, the application developed by Tiscali to send messages, to call and videocall from smartphone and PC    
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Pinterest

































 




 




indoona, the application developed by Tiscali to send messages, to call and videocall from smartphone and PC
 


 

 




 





 


CAGLIARI, Sardinia, November 17, 2014 /PRNewswire/ --
 
Available on Apple Store, Google Play and Windows Phone Store   
And on http://www.indoona.com
indoona, the application developed by Tiscali, the Italian TLC operator, to send messages, to call and videocall from smartphone and PC, is now available in the new 3.0 release, an enriched version with new interesting features.

     (Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20141112/714750 )

Thanks to the success of indoona, an innovative application, Tiscali has without doubt become one of the world's first telecom companies to integrate traditional communication networks, fixed and mobile, with the most advanced software based services, offering its users all the benefits of a cloud architecture distributed geographically on different nodes worldwide.
The new indoona has completely new graphics as well as a more attractive, fast and intuitive user interface, which integrates a new group calling feature. Focusing on the sharing needs of users, it enables group calling amongst friends, thus expanding the group chat concept, a tool for sharing part of everyday life. This free feature, unique in the international scenario of chat and instant messaging services and applications, at last reflects the need to virtually gather friends and family in a chat, and also provides members of a team the ability to work together even when physically far apart.
indoona 3.0 also has a new improved chat feature: users can exchange all kinds of file types: photos, music, videos, as well as documents, PDFs, presentations and many others. This will make the user experience of the chat platform more complete both from smartphones and PCs.
Thanks to indoona, you can also make free calls both to users of the platform and throughout Europe. And not only that: each customer has 100 free minutes a month to landlines and mobile phones in Europe, the US, Canada and China. Beyond the 100 minutes you can buy credit and call at less than one cent per minute.
Finally, thanks to the integration of WebRTC (Real Time Communication) technology, indoona 3.0 can be easily used from the web without the need to download any client by calling or sending messages directly from your own browser, with the big advantage that it can be used from any device.
Lots of fun is offered by the opportunity to play and tell stories and show emotions by sending original and funny stickers.
All the features of the service are available on http://www.indoona.com
Information on Tiscali   
Tiscali S.p.A. (Italian Stock Exchange, Milan: TIS) is one of the leading telecommunications companies in Italy. Tiscali provides its customers, individuals and companies with a wide range of services: Internet access through dial-up and ADSL, voice, VoIP, media, added-value services and other technologically advanced products.   
On September 30, 2014, Tiscali had 483,800 ADSL clients. Of these, 360,700 are Dual Play customers. The Tiscali website can be accessed at http://www.tiscali.it.
Corporate Communication
Gianluca Nonnis
Tiscali S.p.A.
Sa Illetta
09122 Cagliari
Italy
http://www.tiscali.it 
Ph. +39-070-46011
Email: nonnis@tiscali.com

 SOURCE  Tiscali  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  
















Nov 17, 2014, 04:00 ET
Preview: Tiscali presenta indoona 3.0 completamente renovado, rápido e intuitivo















Nov 14, 2012, 00:00 ET
Preview: Indoona Adds "Social Settings" and Connects Posts on Twitter






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 



product是什么意思_product的翻译_音标_读音_用法_例句_爱词霸在线词典

           小程序                            清除     最新热词                历史记录                    划译    划译      下载词霸Mac版     




                        product                    



英 [ˈprɒdʌkt]



美 [ˈprɑdʌkt]
















                                            考研                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         /                                         

                                                                                        CET6                                                                                                                                                                                                                             /                                         

                                                                                                                                    CET4                                                                                                                                                                                 /                                         







n.

产品；
结果；
乘积；
作品




变形

复数：
                                products 




















                        一键安装桌面版，查词翻译快三倍
                    








选择要添加的生词本

















                            新建生词本
                        

                            进入生词本
                            






    双语例句 句式用法 权威例句                   查看更多             来自《权威词典》     查看更多                查看更多       四级真题 六级真题        自2010年至今的四级考试中，  共出现过  次            自2010年至今的六级考试中，  共出现过  次           


柯林斯高阶英汉双解学习词典







1


N-COUNT
产品；制品
A product is something that is produced and sold in large quantities, often as a result of a manufacturing process.





Try to get the best product at the lowest price...


尽量以最低的价格买到最好的产品。






South Korea's imports of consumer products jumped 33% in this year.


今年，韩国消费产品的进口激增了33%。





2


N-COUNT
产物
If you say that someone or something is a product of a situation or process, you mean that the situation or process has had a significant effect in making them what they are.





We are all products of our time...


我们都是这个时代的产物。






The bank is the product of a 1971 merger of two Japanese banks.


这家银行是由两家日本银行于1971年合并而成。







  牛津词典 金山词霸客户端产品已经全面收录牛津词典       牛津词典免费送   点击下载    词霸Android版  牛津词典免费使用! 立刻扫码下载   词霸iOS版  牛津词典免费使用! 立刻扫码下载       词根词缀 词组搭配        {{item.type}}: {{item.type_value}} {{item.type_exp}}                           常用词组                                同义词 同义词解析 反义词                                                                                 英英词典 英汉双向大词典                                                   释义相关词条：                                    汉语词典           繁体  笔画  造字法    首部  五笔  结构         释义      构成    例句    同义词    反义词         释义    例句      同义词    反义词                           网络释义       常用词组              相关词条                  行业词典                     百科             查看更多  本内容来源于            查看更多  本内容来源于              今日热词 热门搜索         你好   海龟   allude   海归   空气污染   regularly   志愿者   tendency   test   explicitly        阅卷笔录   孙中山   宋慧乔   家庭软暴力   海警   duck feather   天下第一泉   ecotour   干菜类   我是特种兵         创建新的生词本     i该生词本已经创建啦!  i不可以出现中文，英文，数字之外的符号哒!  i生词本名称长度不能大于24字符!  i请填写生词本名称!  取消 创建         每日一句                       精彩推荐               爱词霸查词为您提供在线翻译、英语翻译、英文翻译、英译汉、汉译英、fanyi等权威在线翻译服务！  京ICP证100054号    新出网证<京>字011号 京网文【2014】0937-238号 京ICP备06025896号 京公网安备        一键安装词霸桌面版，释义更精准，速度快三倍！ 点击下载      

ProduKey - Recover lost product key (CD-Key) of Windows/MS-Office/SQL Server

































Main Page

Blog

Search

FAQ

TOP 10

Links

Awards

Pad Files

Contact

About...

Donate




All Utilities

Password Tools

System Tools

Browser Tools

Programmer Tools

Network Tools

Outlook/Office

64-bit Download

Panel

Forensics

Code Samples

Articles










 







 



ProduKey v1.90 - Recover lost Windows product key (CD-Key) and Office 2003/2007 product key.

Copyright (c) 2005 - 2017 Nir Sofer
















Related Links

Recover lost CD keys for Windows and 8000+ major programs - including products of Adobe, Symantec, Autodesk, and more...
NK2Edit - Edit, merge and fix the AutoComplete files (.NK2) of Microsoft Outlook.
FileTypesMan - Alternative to 'File Types' manager of Windows. 
MyUninstaller - Alternative to the software uninstaller of Windows.



Description
ProduKey is a small utility that displays the ProductID and the CD-Key of Microsoft Office (Microsoft Office 2003, Microsoft Office 2007),
Windows (Including Windows 8/7/Vista), Exchange Server, and SQL Server installed on your computer.
You can view this information for your current running operating system, or for another
operating system/computer - by using command-line options.  
This utility can be useful if you lost the product key of your Windows/Office, and you want
to reinstall it on your computer.



Download links are on the bottom of this page



Versions History

Version 1.90

When the 'Temporarily start the remote registry service on the remote computer' option is turned on, ProduKey
now starts the Remote Registry service even if it's disabled.

Version 1.88

Added 'Save All Items' option.

Version 1.87

Fixed to display Office version if the product name is not stored in the Registry.

Version 1.86

Fixed bug: ProduKey displayed wrong product name of Microsoft Office taken from another Registry key.

Version 1.85

Added 'Auto Size Columns+Headers' option.
Added 'Auto Size Columns On Load' option.

Version 1.83

Added support for SQL Server 2012/2014.

Version 1.82

Added 'Run As Administrator' option (Ctrl+F11), which is needed to get a product key from external drive on Windows Vista and later.

Version 1.81

You can now export the product keys list to JSON file.

Version 1.80

Added option to temporarily start the remote registry service on the remote computer (For reading the product keys from the Registry on the remote computer).

Version 1.75

Added support for some Adobe and Autodesk products.

Version 1.70

Added support for BIOS OEM Key (Windows 8). 

Version 1.67

The DefaultProductKey Registry key support added on v1.61 is now turned off by default (You can turn it on with 'Load Default Product Key' option).

Version 1.66

Added /NoErrorMessage command-line option. If you specify it with a save command-line option, an error message
won't be displayed if the save action is failed. Instead, the error code will be returned to the caller.

Version 1.65

Added support for Visual Studio.

Version 1.62

Fixed bug from v1.61: ProduKey crashed in some systems.

Version 1.61

ProduKey now tries to extract the key from DefaultProductKey Registry key if the product key cannot be found in the standard location of Windows 7 product key.

Version 1.60

Added support for SQL Server 2008.

Version 1.56

Fixed a bug with the 'N' character location on the product key of Windows 8.

Version 1.55

Fixed ProduKey to decode properly the product key of Windows 8.

Version 1.54

Fixed issue: The properties and 'Select Source' windows opened in the wrong monitor, on multi-monitors system.

Version 1.53

Fixed bug: ProduKey displayed wrong product name string for Exchange Server 2003.

Version 1.52

Decreased the height of the 'Select Source' window to fit the netbook screen size of 1024x600. 

Version 1.51

Added 'Show Time In GMT' option.
Added 'Mark Odd/Even Rows' option, under the View menu. When it's turned on, the odd and even rows are displayed in different color, to make it easier to read a single line. 

Version 1.50

Added 'Show the computer name for every IP address' option.
This option is useful when you scan a range of IP addresses, and you want to view the computer name
of every IP address. Be aware that the computer names will appear a few seconds after finishing to scan the product keys.

Version 1.46

Added accelerator keys for 'Copy Product ID' (Ctrl+I) and for 'Copy Product Key' (Ctrl+K).

Version 1.45

Added 'Add Header Line To CSV/Tab-Delimited File' option. When this option is turned on, the column names are added
as the first line when you export to csv or tab-delimited file.

Version 1.43

When the product key is not stored in the Registry (like in volume licenses of Windows 7), 
ProduKey will display 'Product key was not found' instead of wrong 'BBBBB-BBBBB-BBBBB-BBBBB-BBBBB' key

Version 1.42

Added 'Copy Product ID' and 'Copy Product Key' options.

Version 1.41

Added /ExtractEdition command-line option.

Version 1.40

Fixed ProduKey to display the right product key of Microsoft Office 2010 Beta (Office 14)

Version 1.38

Added sorting options from command-line.

Version 1.37

Fixed issue with x64 systems - The 32-bit version of ProduKey can now also retrieve
the product key when you run it on x64 system.

Version 1.36

Added command-line options to control which types of product keys will be shown. (/WindowsKeys, /OfficeKeys, and others)

Version 1.35

New option: Load the product keys of external Windows installations from all disks currently plugged to your computer.
When using this option, ProduKey automatically scan all your hard-drives, find the Windows installation folder in them, and 
extract all product keys stored in these Windows installations.
New Command-Line Option: /external

Version 1.33

Fixed bug: In 'Select Source' dialog-box, a disk drive error message displayed in some computers.
Added AutoComplete to Windows directoried combo-box.

Version 1.32

You can now send the information to stdout by specifying an empty filename ("") in the command-line. 
(For example: produkey.exe /stab "" >> c:\temp\prd.txt)

Version 1.31

Added the last modified time of the ProductID Registry key.

Version 1.30

New option: display the edition (Standard/Professional/Enterprise) of Windows 2000/XP/2003. (doesn't work for remote computers) 
Added AutoComplete for file selection.
Fixed bug: The main window lost the focus when the user switched to another application and then returned back to ProduKey.

Version 1.26

Added support for saving comma-delimited (.csv) files. 
Added new command-line option: /scomma 

Version 1.25 

Added new source option: Load the product keys from all computers in the specified IP addresses range.
New command-line option: /iprange
New option: Check every remote machine with ping before trying to connect. (Only for Windows 2000 or above)


Version 1.20 

Added 'Select Source' (F9) option - user interface for loading the product keys from remote computers or from external drive.

Version 1.15 

Added 'Service Pack' column (Only for Windows entries)
Added 'Installation Folder' column (Only for Windows and Office entries)

Version 1.10 - Added filters by product type.

Version 1.08 - The configuration of ProduKey is now saved to a file instead of the Registry. 


Version 1.07 

Added support for product key of Ms-Office under x64, when it's retrieved from external Registry file.
Added x64 build - for locally retrieving product keys of x64 versions of Windows.

Version 1.06 - Added support for SQL Server 2005.

Version 1.05

Display information in the status bar while scanning computers with /remoteall and /remotefile options
New option /remotealldomain - scan all computers in the specified domain.
Changes in the way that /remoteall scan all computers.

Version 1.04 - Added product key of Exchange Server.
Version 1.03 - new command-line option: /remoteall
Version 1.02 - On newer versions of Office (XP/2003) - display the real product name, if it's written in the Registry.
Version 1.01 - Added support for XP visual style.
Version 1.00 - First release.


Known Problems

When running produkey.exe, Some Antivirus programs displays an alert and/or block you from running it.
Click here to read more about false alerts in Antivirus programs


If your Antivirus software shows a false alert, you can use the following article that explains how to send a report about a false positive 
issue to your Antivirus company:

How to Report Malware or False Positives to Multiple Antivirus Vendors
For some types of license keys under Windows 7/8/2008, the product key is not stored in the Registry, and thus 
'Product key was not found' message will be displayed.

If you bought your computer with installed operating system, you may find the Windows product key appeared in ProduKey utility is different from the product key on your Windows CD. 
This problem is mostly reported with Dell computers. 
From unknown reason, the product key of Visual Stuido .NET is written in the Registry as Office XP product...
In old versions of Office (Office 2000 and below), the 'Product Key' value is not available.


Supported Products List

Microsoft Windows 98/ME
Microsoft Windows 2000
Microsoft Windows NT
Microsoft Windows XP
Microsoft Windows Vista
Microsoft Windows Server 2003
Microsoft Windows 7 (Doesn't work with Microsoft Volume Licensing)
Microsoft Windows 8 (Doesn't work with Microsoft Volume Licensing)
Microsoft Windows 10 (Doesn't work with all types of licenses)
Microsoft Office 2000 (Only ProductID is displayed)
Microsoft Office 2003
Microsoft Office 2007
Microsoft Office 2010
Microsoft SQL Server 2000
Microsoft SQL Server 2005
Microsoft Exchange Server 2000
Microsoft Exchange Server 2003
Visual Studio
Some of the Adobe and Autodesk products.


System Requirements
ProduKey works on all versions of Windows. Both 32-bit and 64-bit systems are supported. However, some features, like viewing the
product keys of another operating system instance, are only supported on Windows 2000/XP/2003/2008/Vista/7/8.




License
This utility is released as freeware. 
You are allowed to freely distribute this utility via floppy disk, CD-ROM, 
Internet, or in any other way, as long as you don't charge anything for this and you don't
sell it or distribute it as a part of commercial product.  
If you distribute this utility, you must include all files in
the distribution package, without any modification !



Disclaimer
The software is provided "AS IS" without any warranty, either expressed or implied,
including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness
for a particular purpose. The author will not be liable for any special, incidental,
consequential or indirect damages due to loss of data or any other reason. 




Using ProduKey
ProduKey doesn't requite any installation process or additional DLLs. 
In order to start using it, simply extract the files to any folder you like, and then run the executable file - produkey.exe

If you want, you can also download ProduKey with full install/uninstall support (produkey_setup.exe), and then install it like any other software.


The main window of ProduKey displays the list of Windows, Office, and SQL Server products installed on your system.
For each product, the "Product ID" and "Product Key" are displayed.
If you want the view the product key information in another computer, or in another 
operating system within the same computer, use the command-line options below.




Command-Line Options


/remoteall

Enumerate all computers on your local network, and load the product key information from them.
Be aware that this option is quite slow, and you may need to wait a few minutes until the product key information is displayed.
In order to use this option, you must have Administrator privileges in all computers on your local network.


/remotealldomain [Domain Name]

Enumerate all computers in the specified domain, and load the product key information from them.



/remote [Computer Name]

Load product key information from the specified computer name.
In order to use this option, you must log in to the remote computer with Administrator privileges.

If you fail to connect the remote computer with ProduKey, read the instructions in the following Blog post:

How to connect a remote Windows 7/Vista/XP computer with NirSoft utilities.



/iprange [From IP] [To IP]

Load product key information from all computers in the specified IP addresses range.
In order to use this option, you must have Administrator privileges in all these computers. 



/remotefile [Computer Names Filename]

Load product key information from all computer names specified in the file. 
The file can be tab-delimited, comma-delimited, or CRLF-delimited.
In order to use this option, you must have Administrator privileges in all computers specified in the computer names file.
 


/windir [Windows Directory]

Load product key information from another operating system on the same computer.
The [Windows Directory] specifies the base folder of Windows installation, for example:
c:\windows, c:\winnt

This feature is only supported on Windows 2000/XP/2003/2008/Vista/7. 


/external 

Load product key information from all external Windows installations of the disks that are currently plugged to your computer.


/regfile [Software Registry File]

Load product key information from another operating system on the same computer.
The [Software Registry File] specifies the software registry file usually located under
c:\windows\system32\config

This feature is only supported on Windows 2000 or greater. 


/nosavereg

Load ProduKey without saving your last settings (window location, columns size, and so on) to the Registry.



/WindowsKeys [0 | 1]

Specifies whether you want to view the product keys of Windows. 0 = No, 1 = Yes.


/OfficeKeys [0 | 1]

Specifies whether you want to view the product keys of MS-Office. 0 = No, 1 = Yes.


/IEKeys [0 | 1]

Specifies whether you want to view the product keys of Internet Explorer. 0 = No, 1 = Yes.


/SQLKeys [0 | 1]

Specifies whether you want to view the product keys of SQL Server. 0 = No, 1 = Yes.



/ExchangeKeys [0 | 1]

Specifies whether you want to view the product keys of Exchange. 0 = No, 1 = Yes.


/ExtractEdition [0 | 1]

Specifies whether to extact the Windows edition information.



You can also combine the above command-line options with the following save options in order to save
product key information to file:



/stext <Filename>
Save the list of product keys into a regular text file.


/stab <Filename>
Save the list of product keys into a tab-delimited text file.


/scomma <Filename>
Save the list of product keys into a comma-delimited text file.


/stabular <Filename>
Save the list of product keys into a tabular text file.


/shtml <Filename>
Save the list of product keys into HTML file.


/sverhtml <Filename>
Save the list of product keys into vertical HTML file.


/sxml <Filename>
Save the list of product keys into XML file.


/sjson <Filename>
Save the list of product keys into JSON file.


/sort <column>

This command-line option can be used with other save options for sorting by the desired column.
If you don't specify this option, the list is sorted according to the last sort that you made from the user interface.
The <column> parameter can specify the column index (0 for the first column, 1 for the second column, and so on) or
the name of the column, like "Product Name" and "Product Key".
You can specify the '~' prefix character (e.g: "~Installation Folder") if you want to sort in descending order.
You can put multiple /sort in the command-line if you want to sort by multiple columns.

Examples:
produkey.exe /shtml "f:\temp\keys.html" /sort 2 /sort ~1
produkey.exe /shtml "f:\temp\keys.html" /sort "Product Name" /sort "Product Key"


/nosort 

When you specify this command-line option, the list will be saved without any sorting.



/NoErrorMessage

When you specify it, ProduKey will not display an error message if the save action is failed.




Examples:
produkey.exe /remote \\Server01
produkey.exe /remotefile "c:\temp\computers.txt"
produkey.exe /regfile "F:\WINNT\system32\config\software"
produkey.exe /windir "c:\winnt" /shtml "c:\temp\pk.html"
produkey.exe /remoteall
produkey.exe /remotealldomain MyDomain
produkey.exe /iprange 192.168.1.10 192.168.1.50
produkey.exe /stab "" >> c:\temp\prd.txt
produkey.exe /OfficeKeys 0 /WindowsKeys 1 /shtml f:\temp\keys.html









Translating ProduKey to other languages
In order to translate ProduKey to other language, follow the instructions below:

Run ProduKey with /savelangfile parameter:

ProduKey.exe /savelangfile

A file named ProduKey_lng.ini will be created in the folder of ProduKey utility.
Open the created language file in Notepad or in any other text editor. 
Translate all string entries to the desired language.
Optionally, you can also add your name and/or a link to your Web site. 
(TranslatorName and TranslatorURL values) If you add this information, it'll be 
used in the 'About' window. 
 
After you finish the translation, Run ProduKey, and all translated 
strings will be loaded from the language file.
If you want to run ProduKey without the translation, simply rename the language file, or move 
it to another folder. 



Feedback
If you have any problem, suggestion, comment, or you found a bug in my utility, 
you can send a message to nirsofer@yahoo.com




Download ProduKey (In Zip file)

Download ProduKey for x64

Download ProduKey with full install/uninstall support

Recover keys of other non-Windows products





 




ProduKey is also available in other languages. In order to change the language of 
ProduKey, download the appropriate language zip file, extract the 'produkey_lng.ini', 
and put it in the same folder that you Installed ProduKey utility.
LanguageTranslated ByDateVersion

ArabicAbo Rehaam
23/06/20171.90

Bahasa Indonesia
Agus Nurliawan
14/09/2007 

Belarussian
Sergey Starovoitov (OldEvrei)
13/03/2008 

Brazilian Portuguese
SoftDownload
30/07/2015 

Brazilian Portuguese
Paulo Neto
08/01/2016 

Bulgarian
Hristo Drumev
29/10/2007 

CatalanJottunheim
26/02/2015 

CzechJulius Faltus (v.1.66)
30/07/2014 

CzechAnders
19/07/2010 

Danish
Claus Svalekjaer
18/09/20161.85

DutchJan Verheijen
14/04/20171.90

DutchJan Verheijen
18/09/20091.37

Estonian
Toomas Tomberg
18/12/2009 

FinnishTurveperse
10/02/2006 

FrenchSkorpix38  (oct 2016)
31/10/20161.87  (oct 2016)

French
Dominic Desbiens
24/02/2016 

FrenchaMadEUs
11/10/20111.53

Galician
Xosé Antón Vicente Rodríguez
11/05/2005 

German
«Latino» auf WinTotal.de
11/04/20171.90

Greek
geogeo.gr
29/06/20161.85

Hangul
sinooki
05/09/20131.65

Hebrew 
15/09/2006 

Hungarian
Tamás Ferenc
15/06/20161.83

Italian
Andrea Carli
23/01/20171.88

Italian
Fabio Milocco
28/01/20111.46

ItalianMassi
05/07/20151.75

JapaneseKumarinecity
07/12/2015 

Korean
circlash
14/05/20111.51

Latvian
Ralf Yu
06/03/2008 

LithuanianIgor Gubaidulin a.k.a. MucTuK
16/06/2006 

MongolianA.Tsend-Ayush
29/07/2006 

NorwegianOeyvind Instefjord
11/06/2015 

Persian
Mustapha Ramezanpour
19/08/2006 

Persian
NAHCI 13
01/09/2007 

PolishHightower
23/01/20171.88

Portuguese
Filipe "Pollux" Baeta
21/03/2014 

Portuguese BrazilMark Nascimento - Bambuí
02/06/2005 

Romanian
Jaff (Oprea Nicolae)
01/02/20161.83

Russian
selkv && Habetdin
13/07/20101.42

Russian
WinAddon Project
13/04/20171.90

Simplified Chinese
Ð¡³Ì936
20/06/2016 

Simplified Chineselocationiskey
17/04/2017 

SlovakFrantišek Fico
23/04/20171.90

Slovenian
Jadran Rudec
28/11/2005 

Spanish
Jose Antonio Alvarez Dominguez
16/03/2016 

SwedishI.K.l
30/05/20171.90

Taiwanese
»OÆW¦@©M°ê
23/03/2008 

Traditional Chinese
Danfong Hsieh
23/01/2017 

Traditional Chinese
¤¦·¬(¦ä¤G¹q®ð¶E©Ò)
17/04/2012 

Thai»ÃÐÊÔ·¸Ôì á¤ÀÙà¢ÕÂÇ
25/03/2008 

TurkishHARUN ARI
04/08/20111.53

Turkish
Cemil Kaynar
11/11/20161.87

UkrainianYurii Petrashko (aka YuriPet)
12/05/20111.46

Valencian
vjatv
04/10/2007 




  











Connecting everything, much more than a simple chat










 





































 
We inform you that on August 31st, 2017 indoona will be discontinued. Read all
Starting from May 24, 2017, you will no longer be able to buy indoona credit. We therefore invite you to spend your remaining credit by August 31st.










×Close
Terms and Conditions



Indoona contract
1. Subject of the Contract 
    1.1 These general contract conditions, together with the financial and technical conditions stated in the information material (the “Contract”), regulate the provision of the indoona service (the "Service"), which allows users to send messages, make calls and video calls for free and/or at reduced rates from suitable mobile devices, PCs or other devices (the "Terminal"). The Service is provided by Tiscali Italia S.p.A. with single shareholder and registered office in Località Sa Illetta, S.S. 195 Km 2.300, 09122 Cagliari, tax code and VAT reg. no. 02508100928, registered in the Chamber of Commerce of Cagliari, Economic and Administrative Index no. 204250 (hereinafter “Tiscali”). 
    1.2 The Service includes a software application and, if requested and available, an additional number. The use of indoona assumes, depending on the selected product, the availability by the Customer of: 1) A suitable terminal, as shown in the information material and on the website www.tiscali.it (the Website), 2) any hardware or software accessories, as stated in the information material and on the Website, 3) Tiscali SIM card or another SIM card of another active mobile communication operator, 4) Wi-Fi accessible coverage. 
    1.3 The Service complements the network of another mobile operator and does not replace the mobile communication service of the Customer. The Customer is aware that indoona does not prevent emergency calls being made but may not be able to provide information regarding the location of the call; in these circumstances, it is the responsibility of the Customer to communicate the place of origin of the call. With indoona some additional services and calls to some special numbers may not be available, without any liability being attributed to Tiscali. The Customer agrees that, in case of using the Service from other devices, the number corresponding to the SIM used for the registration will appear as the number of the caller.
    

2. Conclusion of the Contract and provision of the Service 
    2.1 Customers under 13 are not allowed to use the Service.
    2.2 The Customer may demonstrate his/her willingness to conclude the Contract by means of distance communication or by other methods indicated by Tiscali from time to time. This demonstration of willingness constitutes an irrevocable proposal in accordance with article 1329 of the Italian Civil Code. The Customer assumes the responsibility of the accuracy and correctness of the data provided. 
    2.3 Tiscali reserves the right to ask the Customer to confirm, within the terms and by the methods indicated, the proposal made by electronic or telephonic means. 
    2.4 Tiscali will have the right not to accept the proposal and not to go ahead with the activation and provision of the Service where there is any circumstance which may constitute a risk for the regular fulfilment of the contractual obligations of the Customer or which may reasonably prevent or make the activation or the provision of the Service technically difficult, such as, for example, in the case of prolonged non-use of the Service for six months or more. 
    2.5The Contract will be considered complete when Tiscali informs the Customer of the acceptance of the proposal, including by electronic or telephonic means, or by activating the Service, which equates to acceptance by Tiscali of the Customer’s proposal. 


3. Consideration and payment methods 
    3.1 The Customer undertakes to pay Tiscali what is stated in the Contract. The consideration may be of a prepaid nature or deferred and Tiscali may send an invoice. 
    3.2 When a pre-paid tariff plan is chosen, the Customer will make use of the Service within the limits of the pre-paid credit available. The top-up services (hereinafter the “Top-up”) may be made with a credit card on the Internet on the portal www.tiscali.it or by other methods at various times indicated by Tiscali. Additional charges are not applied for the Top-up, the execution of which will be confirmed with the sending of an sms or by another method indicated by Tiscali. If the remaining credit is not sufficient to cover the fixed costs stated in the Contract, the Service will automatically be suspended, without prejudice to the right of Tiscali to send a communication of notice. Tiscali will charge the costs not covered by the remaining credit to the following Top-up. Once 12 months have passed from the activation date (without top-ups being made) or from the date of the last top-up, Tiscali may consider the Contract terminated, with the expiry of any remaining credit. The credit will be de-activated, following notice being given, in the case of persistent non-use for more than 180 days, or in the case of no top-up being made for the same period of time. The Customer will have the right to request its activation in the ways and times indicated as obligatory in the commercial conditions, which should be referred to for further information.
    3.3 The Customer, upon request, will have an automatic self-top-up service available ("Automatic Top-up"), or the possibility of using automatic top-up services with the pre-paid amount chosen being charged, to which the Customer hereby consents, upon the occurrence of a preset event. The Automatic Top-up may be activated on reaching a pre-defined minimum traffic threshold ("Automatic Top-up Threshold") or by time according to the parameters indicated by Tiscali. The execution of the Top-up service will be confirmed by the sending of an sms which confirms the top-up has been made to the mobile device of the Customer or by another method indicated by Tiscali. 
    3.4 Where a subscription tariff plan is chosen, the Customer undertakes to pay, in compliance with the financial conditions prepared by Tiscali, the amounts shown on the invoice within the terms set out therein. The payment must be made according to the method chosen by the Customer from those made available by Tiscali.
    3.5 5 In case of non-payment, or partial payment of the consideration due, Tiscali will charge the Customer default interest in the measure equal to the legal rate increased by five percentage points and in any case not above the rate determined in accordance with Italian Law 108/96. In addition, Tiscali will have the right to suspend the provision of the Service if a term of 7 days has passed from the receipt of the written payment notice without the payment being made. If the Customer does not arrange the payment of the amount for which a reminder has been sent within 30 days of the suspension, Tiscali will have the right to terminate the Contract in accordance with article 1456 of the Italian Civil Code, without prejudice to further legal recovery action. 


4. Duration – Renewal - Withdrawal 
    4.1 Without prejudice to what is set out in article 3.2 and subsequent paragraphs, the Contract is open-ended and starts from the date of activation of the Service. 
    4.2 The Customer may withdraw from the Contract at any time, by informing Tiscali with at least 30 (thirty) days’ notice by sending a duly signed request to end the contract, together with a copy of an identity document, through the appropriate section of the website set up by Tiscali. If the Customer exercises the withdrawal during the first year of duration of the Contract, Tiscali may ask for the reimbursement of any costs not yet recovered by it, according to what is stated in the appropriate section of the Website. 
    4.3 In the case of conclusion of the Contract away from the commercial premises or by distance selling, the Customer may exercise the right of withdrawal, without any penalty due, by informing Tiscali within 10 days of the date of conclusion of the Contract by sending a registered letter with return receipt to the contact details indicated in article 7 below.
    4.4 When the Contract ends, for whatever the reason, Tiscali will make the additional number associated with the Service inactive and may assign it to other customers, in order to ensure an efficient use of the numbering resources. 


5. Method of providing the Service, malfunctions and complaints 
    5.1 The Service does not include the provision of any hardware and therefore there is no guarantee in this regard. Tiscali provides no guarantee of good functioning and services relating to the Software. 
    5.2 Tiscali undertakes to provide the Service in compliance with what is established in the Service Charter, available on the Website. Tiscali will not be responsible in the case of delays, malfunctions and/or interruptions to the provision of the Service caused by: (a) force majeure, (b) tampering or actions carried out on the Service or its equipment, including the Software, provided by Tiscali, carried out by the Customer or by unauthorised third parties, (c) incorrect use of the Service by the Customer, (d) problems attributable to the Wi Fi network, the ADSL network or to other communication networks and/or connectivity used by the Customer or a malfunction of the hardware and software equipment used by the Customer. 
    5.3 In addition, Tiscali will not be responsible to the Customer, and to the parties connected to the Customer itself, for damages or costs sustained as a result of suspensions or interruptions of the Service unless they are directly attributable to the misconduct or gross negligence of Tiscali. 
    5.4 If the Customer should encounter the non compliance by Tiscali of the published quality levels of the Service, it must submit a complaint by the methods stated in the Service Charter. The Customer undertakes to promptly inform Tiscali of all disruption. 


6. . Improper use of the Services, Suspension and Termination of the Contract 
    6.1 The Service is provided by Tiscali for personal and not professional and/or commercial use. The Customer will not use the Service to make communications that cause damage or a nuisance to communication operators and other users in general, or that violate the laws and regulations in force. In each case, the Customer assumes the full responsibility for any use of the Service by third parties and will adopt every necessary precaution. 
    6.2 The Customer guarantees that any communication made with the Service takes place under his/her exclusive responsibility and that the Service is not used against legal provisions or to cause offence or harm to third parties, undertaking to indemnify Tiscali and hold it harmless against any harmful consequence. 
    6.3 Tiscali may suspend, including partially, at any time, the provision of the Service, even without giving notice, in the event of network breakdowns and breakdowns to the technical equipment, of its own or of other operators. Tiscali may suspend the Service if the Public or private Authorities report an improper use of it, where unusual traffic is recorded, such as, for example, to special non geographical numbers, numbers connected to services which involve self top-up mechanisms or cashback or with other benefits or in the case of a use of the Service which has a commercial character or which is against the law or the Contract. The scheduled interruptions of the Service for ordinary maintenance will be communicated to the Customer in advance.
    6.4 Tiscali may terminate the Contract in accordance with article 1456 of the Italian Civil Code, by written communication sent even by fax or email, if the Customer uses the Service: (i) in a way which alters its characteristics and/or the tariff profile, (ii) in breach of the obligations contained in articles 2, 3, 6. This is without prejudice to the right of Tiscali to enforce the accrued consideration for the Service provided, as well as compensation for greater damages. 

7. Correspondence 
    7.1 All postal correspondence must be sent by the Customer to Tiscali Italia S.p.A. – Customer Services, Località Sa Illetta S.S. 195 km 2,300 – 09123 - Cagliari. The online support service will also be available at the web address indicated by Tiscali. 
    7.2 2 Correspondence to the Customer will be sent to the contact details on the application form. Tiscali reserves the right to send communications by email to the address provided by the Customer.

8 Events relating to the Contract 
    8.1 Tiscali may change the Contract at any time by informing the Customer in writing, by any means, with 30 days’ notice, in case the Contract contains penalising conditions for the Customer. This is without prejudice to the right of the Customer to withdraw from the Contract by using the forms and terms stated in this Contract within the following 30 days. Once that term has passed, the changes will be considered as accepted by the Customer. The Customer may not transfer the Contract. 
    8.2 Tiscali may change the rates for calling phones at any time without notice to the Customer  by posting such change at https://www.indoona.com/info/fares/web. The new rate will apply to Customer’s next phone call after the new rates have been published. Customer is requested to check the latest rates before making calls 

9. Applicable law and jurisdiction 
    9.1 The Contract and the obligations deriving from it are entirely subject to Italian law even if carried out completely or partly abroad. For any dispute relating to the interpretation or execution of this contract the Court where the Customer, if a consumer, is resident or has elected domicile will have jurisdiction. If, having looked at the actual use of the Service, the Customer is not, in accordance with the applicable regulations, a Consumer, the Court of Cagliari will have jurisdiction. 
    9.2 The Customer which claims the violation of one of his rights or interests and intends to take legal action, must first make an obligatory attempt at conciliation, according to what is stated in Resolution no. 173/07/CONS of the Italian Communications Authority and in the Service Charter.

10. Special conditions for USA Users.
    10.1 When you opt-in to indoona Service inserting your number in the application, we will send you an SMS message to confirm your signup.You will receive 1message containing the Pin to activate the client
    10.2 You can cancel the SMS notices by indoona at any time. Just text "STOP" to 86426. After you send the SMS message "STOP" to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. Message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider.
    10.3 If at any time you forget what keywords are supported, just text "HELP" to 86426. After you send the SMS message "HELP" to us, we will respond with instructions on how to use our service as well as how to unsubscribe.
    10.4 Participating carriers: AT&T, Ntelos, U.S. Cellular, Verizon Wireless, T Mobile, CBW and Alltel.
    10.5 For all questions about the services provided by this short code, you can send an email to indoona@indoona.com 
    10.6 If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy.
    

11. Special conditions for purchasing Indoona app in Windows Marketplace.
    11.1  If Customer downloads Indoona app from Windows Marketplace, and only in this case, he/she acknowledges that the Voip Service will not be carried in Australia, Brazil, Turkey and USA.
    11.2 Without prejudice to clause 3, with exclusive reference to Indoona app purchased in Windows Marketplace, Tiscali will prompt Customer to authenticate to allow a commerce transaction to be accomplished.


     
Privacy Policy
Information sheet pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003, on the protection of personal data.


    For the purposes connected to the provision of the indoona Service, Tiscali Italia S.p.A. with single shareholder, with registered office in Cagliari, S.S. 195 - Km 2300, hereinafter referred to as Tiscali, processes the data provided by customers, or in any case acquired during the execution of the Service.
    The data controller is Tiscali in the person of its pro tempore legal representative. The list of data processors and third parties recipients of communications is available from the Tiscali offices.
    The processing of the personal data which you have provided to Tiscali, including your address book, takes place according to procedures which are suitable for protecting your confidentiality and for purposes connected to, instrumental to and necessary for the provision of the indoona service as well as the traceability of your telephone number within the indoona service contacts network.
    Tiscali adopts the technical/organisational precautions required by law to protect your personal data and the traffic data provided or collected. The personal data and the traffic data are accessible only by the authorised staff or by the entities within the Tiscali group which need to access the data in exercising their functions. In particular, the data processing, as well as the purposes connected to, instrumental to and necessary for the provision of the service, will also have the purpose of communicating the data to companies which carry out functions which are necessary for or instrumental to the operation of the service and/or managing data banks aimed at the protection of the credit risks.
    The granting of the consent for the processing of your personal data by the User is optional. If the personal data processing in letter b) is refused, the processing will be limited to the overall execution of the obligations deriving from the provision of the Service, as well as the fulfilment of the obligations required by law, regulations and EU legislation. If the personal data processing in letter a) is refused, the Company will be unable to provide the Service.
    Without prejudice to the above, Tiscali will not assign any ownership of your data to third parties without your explicit consent, except where imposed by the regulations in force and/or requested by the competent authorities.
    The processing of the User’s data for the purposes shown above will take place mainly with automated and computerised methods, which will also be in compliance with the rules of confidentiality and security stated by the law. The data will be stored for the legal time limit at Tiscali and processed by employees and/or professionals appointed by it, who will carry out the above-mentioned activities under its direct supervision and responsibility. For that purpose, the data communicated by the User may be transmitted to external parties, including abroad, which carry out functions which are strictly connected and instrumental to the operation of the Service.
    Indoona app receives the location of a user’s mobile device. In case Indoona app is purchased from Windows Marketplace, location is determined using the Microsoft Location Service Api.
    Customer has a full control at any time over the use and sharing of location data.
    Tiscali provides in-app settings that allow Customer to enable and disable app’s access to and use of location.
    Tiscali requests location and retain and use location data only as necessary to deliver the location-aware features Indoona app provides to users.
    Over time, changes could be made to this Information Sheet, therefore we advise you to periodically consult this document. Tiscali will inform you of the changes made by publishing the updated privacy information sheet on www.indoona.com/info/terms.
    We remind you that you may exercise the rights in article 7 of Italian Legislative Decree 196/2003 writing to Tiscali Italia S.p.A. lo. Sa Illetta km 2300 Cagliari 09123 – Complaints Office.
 

Close















 


Log in to Webmail










































































TV, BroadBand & Phone
News & More
My Account
Mail
Help









Make TalkTalk my Homepage
 Make TalkTalk my default search










TV, Broadband & Calls
News & TV Guide
My Account
MailHelp








































  Login to Webmail
* required





Enter your email: *



Enter your password: *

Login
Forgotten your password?


  Get help with
                email and security


































Your browser does not appear to have javascript enabled.

You need to enable javascript to access webmail



Your browser does not appear to be accepting cookies.

More information about enabling cookies.





































Just in case...


        We know life's not perfect. So in case you forget your password, we need a way to send you a code or link to create a new one.
    

        Just put in a mobile number or alternate email address (ideally both) and you're done.
    




Set your reset options








Mobile number: 
                       






                               Keep me up to date with news and offers from TalkTalk by SMS text message
                           









Alternate email: 
                       




Don't have either of these?  
                   








                   Save & continue to email
               



                   Use email without resets
               











Are you sure?








Thousands of people lose their passwords each month.
        But if we can't text or email you, it takes much longer to get you up and running again.
So it's worth a few seconds now.





Go to inbox now






OK, go back a step































	This site uses cookies. If you continue without changing your settings, you're consenting to receive the cookies set by our website.  Find out more 
	

Add




























 Cant send tiscali email's - TalkTalk Community















































            Browse
        




















Skip to Content


Menu




TalkTalk


TalkTalk For Everyone




























				Sign In
			















Need some help?



















All communityThis categoryThis boardKnowledge baseUsers











cancel



turn on suggestions

Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.








		Showing results for 


		Search instead for 


		Did you mean: 




 

Need help?























									Want to know how to get the most out of our community?
								








										Hey, I'm Michelle and I wanted to tell you about our community and how it's packed full of
                                        useful information, answers and has a horde of active members waiting to help or just to say
                                        hey! We know forums can be a little daunting at times, so here are some of my useful tips to
                                        help you get the most out of the community:
									





Get Searching

										Search is the quickest way to locate the information you're after, use the big red box above. If
                                        you don't find what you're after you can always post your own question.
									
Search now



Get stuck in

										Prefer to jump straight into the community? Checkout the yellow "browse" tab over on the left
                                        hand side, here you'll find the entire community at your fingertips.

									
Try now



Join the party!

										Had a peek around the community already? If so you'll no doubt want to join us, just hit
                                        register below and follow the instructions. Don't worry I'll still be here to help once you've
                                        registered.
									
Register now














Forum Index

Archive Store


:


Product Archive


:


Cant send tiscali email's















Cant send tiscali email's











 




Reply


Topic Options



Subscribe to RSS Feed




Mark Topic as New
Mark Topic as Read




Float this Topic for Current User
Bookmark
Subscribe




Printer Friendly Page












All forum topics





Previous Topic




Next Topic








 














«
Previous






1

2





Next
»
















		28 REPLIES
	






 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎20-01-2014
06:40 PM









‎20-01-2014
06:40 PM








                            Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







cant send email's for quite a few days now have checked settings talktalk email OK this must be a network issue please talktalk sort this
















	
			1
		

	Like












Reply



























All forum topics





Previous Topic




Next Topic











 












OCE_Emma



					Retired
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎21-01-2014
12:06 PM









‎21-01-2014
12:06 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        








 Hi bazer,

  

 Could you let me know how you are trying to send please?  ie Are you using Webmail or an email client?  A computer or a mobile/tablet?

  

 Cheers














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎21-01-2014
01:02 PM









‎21-01-2014
01:02 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







via outlook and outlook express webmail ok this def a talktalk problem pease don't say check configs etc lots of people are having problems sending tiscale email's this has been going on sine 10/01/2014 it saves a copy in the sent folder but does not reach the email repisent no excuses talktalk sort this out














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












OCE_Ady



					Community Team
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎21-01-2014
03:51 PM









‎21-01-2014
03:51 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        








 Hi bazer,

  

 are you sending from the TalkTalk connection or on a mobile device?

  














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎21-01-2014
04:42 PM









‎21-01-2014
04:42 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







from a talk talk ie desk top same with my laptop when does a phone have outlook come talktalk stop the **bleep** sort this out














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












OCE_Karl



					Community Team
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎22-01-2014
09:11 AM









‎22-01-2014
09:11 AM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        








 Hi bazer,

  

 Can you confirm the following : 

  

 Have you tried both outgoing servers,  smtp.tiscali.co.uk  &  smtp.talktalk.net ?

  

 Have you tried port 587 for both with SSL on and authentication.

  

 Can you also try the above servers with port 25, and SSL off, and no authentication.

  

 Thanks

  

 Karl














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎22-01-2014
05:13 PM









‎22-01-2014
05:13 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







I did try the talktalk smtp server but it only works on port 25 not 587 also I have a talktalk email address this only works on port 25 and with no authentication. But the tiscali works with authentication with port 25. Lots of people seem to be having problems using mail clients no wonder when talktalk cant even provide or tell there customers that settings have change still think talktalk are rubbish at customer support














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












moonshine_jack



					Chat Champion
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎22-01-2014
06:44 PM









‎22-01-2014
06:44 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali emails
                            
                        







Yeah, I've noticed it over the last couple of days. Tiscali email goes out, it seems, but takes a while to arrive into Tiscali. Mine took about 10 hours yesterday. I tried sending one about 10 this morning to my wife (also on tiscali) and it's still not got there (at 6:30pm) but an email going out from my PlusNet email and in to her PlusNet email arrived instantly. Tried to myself just now, via TalkTalk and Tiscali SMTP servers and it all worked fine, so don't know what's going on.  














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎22-01-2014
06:56 PM









‎22-01-2014
06:56 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







Glad I'm not alone this just shows that talktalk wont admit they have a problem also did your webmail inbox empty itself mine did come on talktalk sort this out














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












OCE_Chris



					Community Team
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎23-01-2014
10:26 AM









‎23-01-2014
10:26 AM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        








 Hi bazer

  

 Have you set your email client to leave a copy of your emails on the server? If you don't then when you access your emails through your email client it will download the emails to your PC and remove them from the server clearing the inbox in webmail

  

 Chris














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎23-01-2014
10:38 AM









‎23-01-2014
10:38 AM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







Yes of course , can you escalate this to the highest level please tiscali mailservers have a problem














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












OCE_Chris



					Community Team
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎23-01-2014
04:22 PM









‎23-01-2014
04:22 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        








 Hi bazer,

  

 Just to confirm, the emails have disappeared from your webmail inbox but there is a copy of  the missing emails in your email client?

 Chris














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎23-01-2014
06:57 PM









‎23-01-2014
06:57 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







Luckily yes but what is happening about tiscali SMTP servers etc and the wrong ports and info on talktalks help page














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












OCE_Chris



					Community Team
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎24-01-2014
02:51 PM









‎24-01-2014
02:51 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        








 Hi bazer,

  

 The information on the website is correct but we have raised the intermittent smtp issues to our network team for further investigation. 


 Chris














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎24-01-2014
05:52 PM









‎24-01-2014
05:52 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







Its about time you did something , also I have a talktalk .net  email addressthe configs on your help page just don't work have to use port 25 and no ssl or secure on sending this is becoming laughable about talktalk service phoned help desk never even heard of a pop server big lol














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎26-01-2014
05:51 PM









‎26-01-2014
05:51 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







Can add to the current email problems at talktalk sent  email's are not being saved in webmail folder nor received folder and I have got the option to save email's etc on the server enabled














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












Nigel



					Wise Owl
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎27-01-2014
01:56 AM









‎27-01-2014
01:56 AM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







Hi bazer, I see from your posts that one of the email applications you are using is Microsoft Outlook. Try using the following settings for outgoing email: account type: IMAP accountserver: smtp.talktalk.netport: 587encryption: TLSauthentication: username/password In response to OCE_Chris' question "Have you set your email client to leave a copy of your emails on the server?" you said "Yes of course". That seems to indicate you are using a POP type account. If so, then emails sent using an email application are only saved locally, and not on the server. In order to synchronize all mail folders, you should use an IMAP type account.














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎27-01-2014
09:18 AM









‎27-01-2014
09:18 AM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







The settings you suggest don't work only port 25 using a pop server , fyi you can synchronise mail with a pop server always has worked in the past , and all email's I wanted to keep on the tiscali server from 2010 . Other people are having problems just that talktalk want admit there is a problem














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












Nigel



					Wise Owl
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎27-01-2014
02:06 PM









‎27-01-2014
02:06 PM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        








Hi bazer, If you use a POP type account, then received emails are downloaded from the server. A copy is left on the server, if that option has been selected. Sent emails are not uploaded to the server, downloaded from the server, or synchronized. Yes, the settings that I posted only work for an IMAP type account. I have edited the post to clarify that for anyone looking at it. [It appears that I missed it out when I copied from my post here: http://community.talktalk.co.uk/t5/My-email/Email/m-p/1116736/highlight/true#M4308 . I have tested the settings for IMAP using Microsoft Outlook on Windows 7.














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply
























 












bazer



					Wizz Kid
				









Mark as New
Bookmark
Subscribe




Subscribe to RSS Feed




Highlight
Print
Email to a Friend




Report Inappropriate Content








‎06-02-2014
10:06 AM









‎06-02-2014
10:06 AM








                            Re: Cant send tiscali email's
                            
                        







Email's are not being sent  again , with either outlook or outlook express  on pop servers , I can send and receive with my old freeserve email  account  via outlook and outlook express ,so please talktalk sort your email server problem getting past a joke














	
			0
		

	Likes












Reply

































«
Previous






1

2





Next
»




































