










 




United States Cellular Corporation - Company Capsule | Oct 7, 2013 - ReleaseWire




































 





SBWire












Reportstack Email Alerts| RSS 

United States Cellular Corporation - Company Capsule
 


















Naperville, IL -- (SBWIRE) -- 10/07/2013 --  Reportstack, provider of premium market research reports announces the addition of  United States Cellular Corporation - Company Capsule market report to its offering
                    Synopsis
 "United States Cellular Corporation - Company Capsule" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, financial ratios, financial analysis, key employees.

Summary
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "United States Cellular Corporation"

The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format.  strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.

Scope
- Identifies crucial company information about "United States Cellular Corporation" along with major products and services for business intelligence requirements.
- Provides key ratios on company's financial performance.
- Identifies key employees to assist with key business decisions.
- Provides annual and interim financial ratios.

ReasonsToBuy
- Enhance your understanding of "United States Cellular Corporation"
- Increase business/sales activities by understanding customers' businesses better.
- Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.
- Qualify prospective partners, affiliates or suppliers.
- Acquire up-to-date company information and an understanding of the company's financial health.

Key Highlights
United States Cellular Corporation (U.S. Cellular) is a wireless telecommunications service provider based in the US. The company provides wireless voice and data services. It offers phones such as android phones, windows phones, blackberry phones, tablets, wireless modems, mobile hotspots, home phone, 4g LTE and protector series. U.S. Cellular provides accessories, which include battery, bluetooth, car kit, charging, data and memory and screen protection. In addition, the company uses roaming agreements with other wireless carriers to provide service to its customers. It operates through its subsidiaries such as BANGOR CELLULAR TELEPHONE, L.P., USCC PURCHASE, LLC, WESTELCOM CELLULAR, INC and CHARLOTTESVILLE CELLULAR PARTNERSHIP, among others. The company was founded in the year 1983. U.S. Cellular is headquartered in Illinois, Chicago, the US.

Companies Mentioned

United States Cellular Corporation

                  To view the table of contents for this market research report please visit 
http://www.reportstack.com/product/143525/united-states-cellular-corporation-company-capsule.html
 Contact:
 Roger Campbell 
 contactus@reportstack.com 
 Naperville 
 Illinois 
 United States 
 Ph: 888-789-6604
### 




Media Relations Contact



Roger Campbell 
				Director of Marketing 

Email 					| Web
              						| Profile



Follow Reportstack

 


Reportstack - Logo






 



Source: Reportstack
 Posted Monday, October 07, 2013 at 9:00 AM CDT - Permalink


 


















United States Cellular Corp | Earth City, MO - Macrae's Blue Book






















America's Original Industrial Directory Since 1893 

Login











Home
News



Advertise With Us

Ultimate Marketing Bundle
Industrial B2B Search Engine Rankings
Industrial Directory Advertising




Get Listed
Why Us?
About Us







Company / 
						Product/Service




 

Search













Is This Your Company?

United States Cellular Corp



Address:

3783 Corporate Centre Dr
Earth City,  MO
,  63045-1130





Phone:
314-264-2600
Website:


								www.uscc.com
							


Contact this Company


This company is located in the Central Time Zone and the office is currently
								
									Open


Get a Free Quote from United States Cellular Corp and other companies


Click here and Select a Product...ENGINEERING SERVICESHUMAN RESOURCE SERVICES






United States Cellular Corp Products:
Engineering And Human Resource Services Transportation engineering, Aeronautical engineering, Electrical power transmission engineering, Professional engineering services, Civil engineering, Mechanical engineering




Estimated Shipping Rates from 	Earth City, Missouri to

(Select State Below)
Alabama (AL) Alaska (AK) Arizona (AZ) Arkansas (AR) California (CA) Colorado (CO) Connecticut (CT) Delaware (DE) Florida (FL) Georgia (GA) Hawaii (HI) Idaho (ID) Illinois (IL) Indiana (IN) Iowa (IA) Kansas (KS) Kentucky (KY) Louisiana (LA) Maine (ME) Maryland (MD) Massachusetts (MA) Michigan (MI) Minnesota (MN) Mississippi (MS) Missouri (MO) Montana (MT) Nebraska (NE) Nevada (NV) New Hampshire (NH) New Jersey (NJ) New Mexico (NM) New York (NY) North Carolina (NC) North Dakota (ND) Ohio (OH) Oklahoma (OK) Oregon (OR) Pennsylvania (PA) Rhode Island (RI) South Carolina (SC) South Dakota (SD) Tennessee (TN) Texas (TX) Utah (UT) Vermont (VT) Virginia (VA) Washington (WA) West Virginia (WV) Wisconsin (WI) Wyoming (WY)


			These costs are an estimate and cannot be used as actual shipping costs. Please contact United States Cellular Corp for a complete quote with shipping costs.
			




Shipment Type
Estimated Price


Crate
$60


Pallet
$65


Partial Dry Van
$480





Get a Free Quote from United States Cellular Corp and other companies


Click here and Select a Product...ENGINEERING SERVICESHUMAN RESOURCE SERVICES









Additional Info for United States Cellular Corp



							Products - National
 

							Products - Local
 



Products offered by United States Cellular Corp


ENGINEERING SERVICES HUMAN RESOURCE SERVICES



Products offered in Missouri


					ENGINEERING SERVICES - serving Missouri 

					HUMAN RESOURCE SERVICES - serving Missouri 



  





MacRAE'S Recommended Suppliers


G.E. Mathis Co














G.E. Mathis is a Precision Metal Fabricator and Contract Manufacturer..
Star Engineering Inc.











Star Engineering, since 1980, has been a leader in providing electronic..
Kimre Inc.


Kimre, Inc. has provided air pollution control equipment since 1973.  Kimre,..
Jesse Garant Metrology Center














Jesse Garant Metrology Center is a Globally Recognized Part Inspection Company,..





Show All


Related Companies
					
					within
					
10 mi 20 mi 50 mi 100 mi 200 mi 500 mi


Relating Score



B

Mactec Engineering & Consltng
0.3mi
3199 Riverport Tech Center Dr, Maryland Heights
								

10


C

Michael Murphy
0.3mi
13736 Riverport Dr Ste 400, Maryland Heights
								

10


D

Hanson Professional Services
0.8mi
4227 Erth Cy Expy Ste 130, Saint Louis
								

10


E

Realadi Inc
1.8mi
118 N 2nd St Ste 211, Saint Charles
								

10


F

Musler Engineering Co
3.9mi
32 Portwest Ct, Saint Charles
								

10


G

Bpi Group
4.1mi
55 West Port Plz # 700, Saint Louis
								

10


H

Dynamics Research
4.2mi
500 Northwest Plz, Saint Ann
								

10


I

Larson Engineering
4.4mi
5757 Phantom Dr # 200, Hazelwood
								

10


J

Executive Management Group
4.5mi
2086 Craigshire Rd, Saint Louis
								

10


K

Midwest Engineering Svc
4.7mi
3705 Mueller Rd, Saint Charles
								

10


L

Rosemary Johnston-Lawton
4.8mi
11775 Borman Dr Ste 300, Saint Louis
								

10


M

Sea Limited
4.9mi
11665 Lilburn Park Rd, Saint Louis
								

10












Services
About MacRAE's
Quick links
Local Search Partners
Industrial Partners


Advertise With Us
Get Listed
Contact MacRAE'S BLUE BOOK

About Us
FAQ's
Partners
News
Testimonials


Link To Us
Data Products
Terms and Conditions
Site Map


Profile Canada


Canadian Trade Index 


 

Browse by Company:  
		A-B 
		C-E 
		F-J 
		K-O 
		P-S 
		T-Z 
		
		                 
		Browse by Heading:  
		A-C  
		D-K  
		L-R  
		S-Z




			© 2017 MacRAE'S. All rights reserved
			
Like us -


|
Join us -


|
Follow us -
















 

Communication Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports








Communication Services Company Research Reports


Communication Services Companies deliver communication services over a network infrastructure. The businesses and occupations these organizations (both open-end companies and private firms) are engaged in include, among others, telecommunications (landline and cellular), the Net, cable, satellite-aided, or managed services. Communication Services Companies’ categories are diverse: telecom carriers, content deliverers, applications service providers (ASP), satellite operators, cable and cloud-based services providers, etc.
To stay competitive, companies in the marketplace have to ceaselessly stick to enhancing OP (operational excellence), besides maximizing their profit and cash flows. ATT, France Telecom (FTE) and Verizon fall within those Communication Services Companies that set the scene.
The research reports in this Catalogue discuss various Communication Services Companies, covering their operations, structure, products/services, prospects, locations and performance divisions, major executives, as well as competitors. Besides, SWOT information and the most prominent developments having lately affected the businesses are limelighted in the research reports. Keen insights into the companies’ revenue, growth trends, profitability measures, liquidity and financial leverage policies, efficiency and cost ratios, and far more are offered in the research reports as well.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Communication Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Omi Advisories
                        Ovum
                        Renub Research
                    



                            Found
                                 1091 publications                    



Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:




























U.S. Cellular Corporation | About Us | Leadership | U.S. Cellular








































 
 Skip Header Links

  


 LOG IN/REGISTER



Login














Forgot your User Name/Password?


Take me to:
                                        

SamsungYurbudsPlantronicLGGPadDisneyAccessoryZaggTestiPhone6sView Current BillRewardsAccessoryZaggPay BillCheck UsageHolidayDealsiPhonePreOrderMy Account HomeShop New DevicesAccessories
                                        


What would you like to do?:
                                        

Select One...
Add Line
Upgrade Line




LOG IN


                                    Don't have an account? Register here.
                                



Prepaid Customers Prepaid customers can begin enjoying the convenience of managing their account online, adding funds and setting up Auto Pay.

PREPAID LOG IN/REGISTER



STORE LOCATOR
COVERAGE
GET E-MAIL UPDATES
 CART 

  



 Phones & More





  

iPhone
Check out the latest iPhone models.





  

Smartphones
All the latest technology from the top brands you love.





  

Tablets
Watch movies, read books, play games and stay connected on the go.





  

Basic Phones
Flip phones and other devices that are designed with just the essentials.





  

High-Speed Internet
Stay connected with our affordable home phone services and high-speed internet.




 Shop All Devices 





Explore

 Home Solutions › 
 Vehicle Services › 
 Certified Pre-Owned › 
 Trade-In Device › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Smartphone Center › 





 Plans






  

NEW Total Plans
Knock out hidden fees for good with our best cell phone plan yet, the affordable Total Plan.





  

Prepaid Plans
Plans with unlimited talk, text and all the data you need with no contract, no credit check and no overages.





  

Business Plans
Find the best plan with the right services to set your business up for success.




 Shop All Plans 





Explore

 High-Speed Internet Plans › 
 Other Plans › 
 International Services › 
 4G LTE™ › 
 Enhanced Calling › 
 Maps & Coverage Locator › 





 Accessories 





  

Cases & Protectors
Make sure your device is safe and stylish with the latest cases and protectors.





  

Chargers
Keep all of your devices powered up and ready to go with in-home and portable chargers.





  

Audio
Headphones, speakers, and more for all your audio needs.





  

Bluetooth
Stay connected on the go with Bluetooth® speakers, headsets and hands-free driving kits.





  

Deals & Offers
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.




 Shop All Accessories 





Explore

 On The Go › 
 Entertainment › 
 Health & Fitness › 
 At Home › 
 Business Accessories › 





 Offers





  

Devices for a Penny
Yes, you read that right. Shop devices offered for just a penny.





  

Certified Pre-Owned
Get amazing deals on all of our Certified Pre-Owned Devices.





  

Accessory Deals
Find great deals on the latest Accessories to compliment your Device.





  

Switcher Offer
Switch to U.S. Cellular® today and we'll cover your costs.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.





  

Deals & Promotions 
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.







 Business





  

Business Promotions
Find great deals on products and services to help your business grow.





  

Devices
Shop business-savvy Smartphones and Tablets.





  

Business Plans
Stay connected to your business. Find a plan that's right for you.





  

Business Solutions
Learn about our solutions for your business, including: automation, monitoring, asset management and communications.





  

Accessories
Shop the latest accessories for all your business needs.





  

Support
Contact U.S. Cellular®'s Business Concierge or Customer Service for help and support.







Sales & Support Info
To discuss your wireless business needs:

1-866-USC-4BIZ
M - F: 8AM - 9PM
Sat: 9AM - 7PM
Sun: 10AM - 7PM
(central)

For business customer care and support:
                                    1-800-819-9373




 Support





  

Contact Us
For questions or assistance:

1-888-944-9400
Daily: 7 a.m. – 10 p.m.
(7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)






  

Store Locator
Find your closest U.S. Cellular® store location.





  

FAQs
Read Frequently Asked Questions from other customers.





  

Current Customers
Log in or register for My Account to manage your account online.





  

Rebate Center
Pre-register, track and print your mail-in rebate.





  

Payment Options
Online, in-store, by mail, phone or electronic transfer - find a payment option that's right for you.





  

Software Updates
Make sure your device has the latest approved software to get the most out of your wirelesss experience.





  

Wireless
                                                Emergency Alerts
Learn more about mobile emergency notifications







 Why U.S. Cellular





  

In the Middle of Anywhere™
Get reliable network coverage and our great customer service wherever you are.





  

Lighting-Fast Connectivity
We're expanding our 4G LTE™ network, devices and data to help you keep up with the speed of life.





  

Live Life Connected
Get access to all of our best articles, videos, tips, tools and more to mobilize your lifestyle.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.







Explore

 Maps & Coverage › 
 Deals & Offers › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Switcher Offer › 















































































































































































































































send to facebook1
print page







			About Us
			










































































































































































































































							   About Us Home
							





 Leadership Team




Kenneth R. Meyers Bio








 Community Involvement






																	       		 Awards
																	       		 





 Excellence Guarantee






																	       		 Press Room
																	       		 





																	       		 Investor Relations
																	       		 





																	       		 4G LTE
																	       		 





																	       		 Sponsorships
																	       		 





																	       		 Wireless AMBER Alerts
																	       		 





 Supplier Information























  

 
        About Us Home
       




        Leadership Team
      





 Kenneth R. Meyers 
  President and Chief Executive Officer 
              

 Steven T. Campbell 
  Executive Vice President — Finance,
                Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
              

 Jay Ellison 
  Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
              

 Michael S. Irizarry, Ph.D. 
  Executive Vice President and
                Chief Technology Officer,
                Engineering and Information Services 
              

 Deirdre C. Drake 
  Senior Vice President — Chief Human Resources Officer 
              

 Jim Anetsberger 
  Vice President — Business Strategy 
              

 Jeffrey Baenke 
  Vice President, Technology Development 
              

 Rochelle J. Boersma 
  Vice President Sales — Agent Channel 
              

 Douglas W. Chambers 
  Vice President and Controller 
              

 Thomas P. Catani 
  Vice President Sales — Corporate Owned Retail 
              

 Nancy Fratzke 
  Vice President — Customer Service 
              

 John C. Gockley 
  Vice President, Legal and Regulatory Affairs 
              





 Jeffrey S. Hoersch 
  Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis 
              

 Eric Jagher 
  Vice President Sales — Business Channel 
              

 Robert Jakubek 
  Vice President, Engineering and Network Operations 
              

 Maty Kiser 
  Vice President, Enterprise Portfolio Management 
              

 Grant Leech 
  Vice President — Brand Marketing 
              

 Marsha Lehr 
  Vice President — Multi-Channel Strategy and Operations
              

 Kevin R. Lowell 
  Vice President, Information Technology 
              

 Edward Perez 
  Senior Vice President — Sales 
              

 Narothum Saxena 
  Vice President, Advanced Technology and Systems Planning 
              

 Catherine Shackleford 
  Vice President, Supply Chain 
              

 Grant Spellmeyer 
  Vice President, Federal Affairs and Public Policy 
              

 Jay G. Spenchian 
  Senior Vice President, Marketing 
              


   




          Kenneth R. Meyers
          
             
          
President and Chief Executive Officer
        
 Kenneth R. Meyers is president and chief executive officer of U.S. Cellular, a position he has held since June 2013. He brings almost 30 years of leadership experience in the wireless industry and is focused on growing the business by delivering the best wireless experience for customers. 
          
Previously, Meyers was the executive vice president and chief financial officer of TDS and prior thereto he was executive vice president and chief financial officer of U.S. Cellular. His career with U.S. Cellular began in 1987, and he held several executive leadership roles within the company providing him experiences in marketing, human resources and information resources in addition to his financial role. Meyers is on the board of directors of both TDS and U.S. Cellular. 
          
Before joining U.S. Cellular, Meyers worked for a start-up manufacturer of advanced materials, and he held several financial and accounting positions with the Marmon Group and Trans Union Corporation.  
          
Meyers, a certified public accountant, earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from Loyola University in Chicago and a master's degree in business administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL. He is married and has two adult daughters.
          
 
   



          Steven T. Campbell
          
             
          
Executive Vice President — Finance, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
        
 Steve Campbell serves as U.S. Cellular's executive vice president — finance, chief financial officer and treasurer, a position he has held since 2007. In this position, Campbell is responsible for all financial matters for U.S. Cellular, including accounting, financial reporting and transparency, financial planning and analysis, and treasury functions. In addition, his team leads long-term business strategies, risk management, intercarrier business, legal and regulatory affairs, real estate leasing and site services, and supply chain activities, all to ensure that U.S. Cellular customers have the world's best customer experience.
          
 Campbell joined U.S. Cellular in 2005 as vice president and controller and was responsible for the company's accounting, financial reporting and internal control functions and for guiding the company's financial decisions. Campbell is also on the board of directors of U.S. Cellular.
          
 Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, Campbell held senior leadership positions at 3Com Corporation, U.S. Robotics Corporation and Amoco Corporation. He began his finance and accounting career with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
          
 Campbell has a master's degree in business administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL, and a bachelor's degree in accounting from Quincy University in Quincy, IL He is a certified public accountant and is a member of the American Institute of Public Accountants and the Illinois CPA Society. He is also on the President's Board of UCAN in Chicago. He resides with his family in the Chicago area. 
   



          Jay M. Ellison
          
             
          
Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
        
 As executive vice president and chief operating officer, Jay is responsible for ensuring the continued growth of the company and that all of U.S. Cellular associates are focused on providing the world's best experience. Ellison is passionately focused on offering the products and services customers require, driving standards of excellence and delivering across all channels.
        

        Ellison rejoined U.S. Cellular in 2013 after serving as the company's executive vice president and chief operations officer from 2000-2009, and he has more than 30 years of experience in the wireless industry.
        

        Prior to his time at U.S. Cellular, Ellison was vice president of sales at Ameritech Cellular Services, where he was responsible for all sales channels and distribution for wireless operations, from 1997-2000. From 1995 to 1997, he was regional vice president/market manager for Ameritech in Chicago, and in Columbus, Ohio, from 1992-1995. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Ohio State University. Ellison has been married for more than 30 years, has two daughters, and resides in Highland Park, Ill.

   



          Michael S. Irizarry, Ph.D.
          
             
          
Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, Engineering and Information Services
        
 Mike Irizarry, who joined U.S. Cellular in 2002, oversees the company's information systems and technology as well as all of the company's technological operations including wireless towers, network build-outs for new markets, network operations and technological advancements.
          
Irizarry and his team are responsible for bringing U.S. Cellular customers 4G LTE speeds that provide an enhanced wireless experience with fast web browsing, smooth video streaming, video chatting and speedy app downloads. Currently, nearly 90 percent of customers have access to 4G LTE speeds. The team's commitment to continuously enhancing the network is one of the reasons U.S. Cellular has the highest call quality and network satisfaction of any national carrier.
          
Irizarry also leads U.S. Cellular's information systems, strategic operations program and enterprise program management teams. These teams focus on application development, data warehousing, wireless billing technologies and support for data centers and end users, all of which help associates deliver the world's best customer experience.
          
Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, Irizarry held executive positions with Verizon, Bell Atlantic Mobile, Paging Network, Inc., and Motorola. He is a senior member of the Association for Computing Machinery as well as the I.E.E.E. and its communications and computer societies. Irizarry earned a bachelor's degree in engineering from Cleveland Technical College, a master of science in information management and an MBA from the International School of Information Management, and a doctorate in Communications Technology from Capella University's School of Business and Technology. He is also a graduate of University of Chicago's executive management program. Irizarry lives in Barrington Hills, IL, with his wife and their four children. 
   



          Deirdre C. Drake
          
             
          
Senior Vice President — Chief Human Resources Officer
        
 As senior vice president — chief human resources officer, Deirdre leads the human resources organization and is responsible for delivering integrated human resources solutions that directly enable the achievement of U.S. Cellular's strategic objectives. She will collaborate with various teams to ensure there is appropriate support for the organization's mission and vision of providing the ideal customer experience.
          
 Deirdre began her career in human resources in 1989 with Marathon Oil Company. She has also held increasingly senior leadership positions in human resources with Kraft Foods, ARAMARK Corporation and The Bank of Montreal Financial Group. Prior to joining U.S. Cellular in April 2014, Deirdre was managing director and chief human resources officer for the Bank of Montreal Financial Group—Capital Markets Division.
          
 Deirdre earned a bachelor's degree in human resources from Central Michigan University in Mount Pleasant, Mich., and a master's degree in business administration from St. Joseph's University in Philadelphia. She is a lifetime member of the National Black MBA Association, serves as a board member with the Chicago Public Library Foundation and is actively involved in a number of local and national not-for profit organizations. 
   



          Jim Anetsberger
          
             
          
Vice President, Business Strategy
        
   As vice president of business strategy, Jim Anetsberger is responsible for formulating and driving U.S. Cellular's enterprise strategy and plan for growth and profitability, including evaluation of new lines of business, new markets, large investments, strategic partnerships, mergers and acquisitions, and enterprise risk management. He collaborates with several teams to ensure that the business strategy decisions help provide a great wireless experience for our customers.
        
        Jim has 20 years of progressive experience in the wireless industry across sales, marketing, operations and finance.  Since joining U.S. Cellular in 2003, he has held several positions of increasing responsibility, including director and senior director roles in device management, business development, strategic partnerships, sales operations and supply chain. Most recently he served as senior director of business strategy. Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, he held sales leadership positions at AT&T.
        
        Jim earned a bachelor's degree in finance and management from the University of Dayton in Dayton, Ohio, and a master's degree in business administration from the Quinlan School of Business at Loyola University in Chicago. He lives in Northbrook with his wife and two children.
        
   



          Jeffrey Baenke
          
             
          
Vice President, Technology Development
        
 As vice president of technology development, Jeff is responsible for U.S. Cellular's deployment and expansion of 4G LTE technologies that enhance the network performance and help ensure an exceptional customer experience. The geographical information systems, RF engineering and device engineering teams report to Baenke.
          
Baenke joined U.S. Cellular in 1997 and has more than 27 year of experience in technology development. During his time at U.S. Cellular, he has held positions of increasing responsibility, most recently serving as senior director of technology development.
          
Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, Baenke held a variety of leadership and engineering positions with Nextwave Wireless, Inc., In-Flight Phone Corp., and Northrop Grumman Corp.
          
A member of the I.E.E.E. and its communications society, Baenke earned a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering from the University of Illinois. He lives in the Chicago area with his wife and three children. 
   



          Rochelle J. Boersma
          
             
          
Vice President Sales — Agent Channel
        
 As Vice President Sales — Agent Channel, Boersma is responsible for driving business results for U.S. Cellular's more than 1,000 agent partners and providing them tools to help deliver the world's best customer experience.
          
Previously, Boersma served as vice president of sales for the Midwest Region, where she led the engineering, finance, operations and sales departments that served U.S. Cellular customers in Illinois and Indiana. In this role, she provided direction and support to 1,500 associates to enhance the customer experience.
          
Boersma has served in many leadership roles since joining the company in 2002. As vice president of customer service, she was dedicated to maintaining customer privacy and testified before Congress on our policies to protect private customer data. She was committed to driving consistency and collaboration between multiple customer service centers, role clarity for leaders and effective communications, and she implemented a virtual-call-routing system. Having also served as vice president of sales operations, Boersma has extensive knowledge of the company's direct and indirect distribution channels, as well as day-to-day sales operations.
          
Boersma has worked in the telecommunications industry for more than 25 years. She earned a bachelor's degree from Arizona State University and is on the board of the Chicago Children's Advocacy Center. Boersma resides in Chicago. 
   



          Douglas W. Chambers
          
             
          
Vice President and Controller
        
 
        As vice president and controller, Doug is responsible for U.S. Cellular's accounting, financial reporting and internal control functions. He also helps guide the company's financial decisions to ensure that U.S. Cellular provides the world's best wireless experience for customers. He collaborates with various teams to establish and enforce financial policies, procedures, controls, and the operation of reporting systems.
        
        Doug has more than 25 years of financial experience, and he joins U.S. Cellular from Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. (TDS), U.S. Cellular's parent company, where he most recently served as vice president and controller. Prior to joining TDS in 2007, he held management positions at Midway Games, Inc. and PricewaterhouseCoopers.  
        
        Doug is a certified public account, and he earned a bachelor's degree in accounting from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and a master's degree in business administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill. He lives in Waunakee, Wis., with his wife and three children.
        
   



          Thomas P. Catani
          
             
          
Vice President Sales — Corporate Owned Retail
        
 As vice president of sales — corporate owned retail, Tom leads associates nationwide to deliver the world's best customer experience. Catani is focused on growing the company's customer base by providing the superior products and services backed by a high-quality network and the most knowledgeable associates in the industry.
          
          With nearly 30 years of experience in the telecommunications industry, Catani enhances the customer experience by regularly communicating with customers and associates to ensure that the company is providing the very best in products and services.
          
Catani joined U.S. Cellular in 1997 and most recently served as vice president of the national business channel. In that position, Catani was responsible for executing the company's nationwide business customer initiatives to grow the company's customer base and be a technology resource for business owners. Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, Catani spent 15 years with AT&T and Lucent Technologies in such positions as area general manager, sales trainer and sales manager.
          
Catani holds a master's degree in business administration from Xavier University in Cincinnati, Ohio, and a bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Illinois in Champaign. He's an active community advocate, currently serving on the board of directors of Random Acts of Flowers.  He previously served on the board of directors of the United Way of Greater Knoxville, Knoxville Area Urban League, Knoxville Opera, Leadership Knoxville, Historic Tennessee Theatre Foundation and was appointed to the City of Knoxville Mayor's Business Advisory Council.  He resides in Knoxville, Tennessee with his wife and five grown children.
   



          Nancy Fratzke
          
             
          
Vice President — Customer Service
        
 As Vice President — Customer Service, Fratzke's team plays an integral role in U.S. Cellular's dedication to providing the world's best customer experience. She is responsible for delivering the company's award-winning customer satisfaction at each of the company's four customer care centers. She oversees day-to-day operations of the call centers and leads the more than 2,000 associates at these care centers, ensuring that each customer interaction enhances the customer experience.
          
Fratzke joined U.S. Cellular in 1999 as a customer service representative and has been successful at a variety of service-oriented positions, including resolution team coach, customer service manager, call center director, director of sales for the Oklahoma and Texas markets, interim regional vice president of sales for the West region and senior director, customer care centers. She previously held manager positions at Landsberg Associates in Lenexa, Kan., and Massco Inc. in Kansas City, Mo.
          
Fratzke holds a Bachelor of Science degree in public relations from Northwest Missouri State University. She resides in Owasso, Okla. with her family. 
   



          John C. Gockley
          
             
          
Vice President, Legal and Regulatory Affairs
        
 As vice president of legal and regulatory affairs for U.S. Cellular, John provides legal counsel to the company's leadership team regarding transactional, regulatory, telecommunications, environmental, employment and financial issues. With nearly 30 years of diverse telecommunications experience, Gockley also leads the company's regulatory and policy efforts at the state and federal level that help it achieve outcomes that support its strategic business positions while providing an excellent customer experience.
          
Before joining U.S. Cellular in 2007, Gockley served as vice president and associate general counsel of regulatory and interconnection at Broadwing Communications. During his career he has served as counsel for various companies including Allegiance Telecom, Ameritech Corporation and Illinois Bell Telephone Company.
          
Gockley holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in history from Fordham University; a J.D. from John Marshall Law School and a master's of law degree in taxation from DePaul University. He currently resides in Lisle, IL with his family. 
   



          Jeffrey S. Hoersch
          
             
          
Vice President of Financial Planning and Analysis
        
 As vice president of financial planning and analysis, Jeff is responsible for providing financial leadership and guidance that helps ensure that the company provides the world's best wireless experience for customers. His team is responsible for, among other things, strategic and corporate development, intercarrier services, budgeting and forecasting, financial analytics and support, and data governance.
          
Hoersch has been in the wireless industry for nearly 20 years, and joined U.S. Cellular in 1998. During his tenure with the company he has held a variety of positions including director of finance and accounting - Central Region, director of the finance roadmap program and most recently, director of business planning and analysis - Central Region. Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, Hoersch held a variety of finance positions with BellSouth Wireless.
          
A certified public accountant, Hoersch earned a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from Marquette University and a master's degree in business administration from the University of Wisconsin-Whitewater. He lives in Elgin, IL, with his wife and three children. 
   



          Eric Jagher
          
             
          
Vice President Sales — Business Channel
        
 As vice president of the business channel, Eric is responsible for executing the company's nationwide business customer initiatives to grow the company's customer base and be a technology resource for business owners. He enhances the customer experience by regularly communicating with customers and associates to ensure that the company is providing the very best in products and services that mobilize America's business community.
          
Jagher has more than 10 years of telecom and marketing experience and has an extensive background in consulting for a variety of companies.  Since joining U.S. Cellular in 2006, he has held positions of increasing responsibility, including director, senior director and vice president positions in strategic planning, insights, analytics, product management and customer strategy. Most recently, he served as vice president of business strategy.
          
Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, Jagher was a senior consultant at Deloitte Consulting where he managed the company's consulting for U.S. Cellular's enhanced data products. Previously at Deloitte, he worked with several other wireless carriers and companies on strategy and operations projects in wireless and other industries.
          
Jagher earned a bachelor's degree in business administration from Washington University in St. Louis, and a master's degree in business administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL He lives in Glencoe, IL, with his wife and three children and is an avid fan of all Boston sports teams.
   



          Robert Jakubek
          
             
          
Vice President, Engineering and Network Operations
        
 As vice president of engineering and network operations for U.S. Cellular, Robert is responsible for ensuring the superior quality of U.S. Cellular's high-speed network so that customers have the world's best wireless experience. Jakubek also leads engineering teams at all of U.S. Cellular's network operations centers across the country. 
          
Jakubek joined U.S. Cellular in 1993, and prior to his current position he served in a variety of engineering leadership positions at U.S. Cellular. In those positions, Jakubek led engineering teams to ensure that U.S. Cellular's high-quality network provided an exceptional wireless experience for customers.
          
Jakubek has a doctorate degree in computer science from Colorado Technical University, a master's degree in business administration from University of Colorado at Colorado Springs, and a bachelor's degree in Engineering Management from Southern Illinois University in Carbondale, IL. He is a senior member of the Association for Computing Machinery as well as the I.E.E.E. He resides in the Chicagoland area with his wife.
   



          Maty Kiser
          
             
          
Vice President, Enterprise Portfolio Management
        
 As vice president of enterprise portfolio management, Maty is responsible for helping U.S. Cellular deliver the world's best customer experience by ensuring that the company's billing system (TOPS) exceeds the needs of customers and provides associates with tools to enhance customer interactions.
          
Kiser has more than 25 years of experience in Information Technology. Since joining U.S. Cellular in October 2006, she has held positions of increasing responsibility, including director and senior director positions in strategic operational programs and customer service operations. Most recently, she served as senior director of strategic operations programs.
          
Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, Kiser was the senior vice president of data technologies and processing at Kantar Operations North America where, among other things, she managed multiple implementation initiatives and led process engineering efforts to improve efficiency and cost effectiveness. Prior to that, she held leadership roles at CNA Insurance, GMAC and Information Resources Inc.
          
Kiser earned a Bachelor of Science degree in biomedical and electrical engineering from Marquette University in Milwaukee. She lives in Chicago with her husband and son. 
   



          Grant Leech
          
             
          
Vice President — Brand Marketing
        
 As vice president of brand marketing, Grant is responsible for leading U.S. Cellular's brand strategy, managing brand perceptions, growing the company's customer base and delivering the world's best customer experience. The advertising, retail, promotions, digital, e-commerce, field marketing, sponsorship and lifecycle teams report to Leech.
          
Leech has more than 20 years of experience in marketing and brand development. He joined U.S. Cellular in February 2012 as the senior director of customer acquisition and brand development and was responsible for brand strategy, advertising and positioning, media, promotions, retail, and digital marketing.
          
Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, Leech was vice president of marketing for Miller Lite at MillerCoors. Previously, he held various marketing leadership roles at SABMIller PLC in South Africa, China and the United States, including managing several of the company's marquee brands.
           
          Leech was born and raised in South Africa and is a graduate of the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg, South Africa. He lives in Wilmette, IL, with his wife and two children. 
   


Marsha Lehr    
Vice President — Multi-Channel Strategy and Operations
        
  As vice president of multi-channel strategy and operations, Marsha Lehr is responsible for leading and developing all aspects of U.S. Cellular's multi-channel vision, strategy and operations for sales and customer service. She collaborates and gathers insights from her teams to create a consistent, exceptional customer experience across multiple channels of service and distribution including all retail touch points, online sales and customer care.
         
        Marsha joined U.S. Cellular in 2002 and has served in several leadership roles within operations integration, enterprise program management and human resources, most recently as senior director of organizational and leadership development, executive communications, training and continuous improvement. In that role, she was responsible for ensuring that all associates had the training and information needed to provide an excellent wireless experience for customers.
         
        Marsha earned a bachelor's degree in journalism and public relations from Northern Illinois University in Dekalb, Ill., and a Master of Science in human resources development from Villanova University in Pennsylvania. She lives in Chicago with her husband and two children.
         
   



          Kevin R. Lowell
          
             
          
Vice President, Information Technology
        
 As vice president of information technology, Kevin ensures the company's information systems support a great wireless experience for our customers. His organization provides the foundational capabilities necessary for frontline associates to serve customers and for the delivery of products and services. Lowell oversees all areas of information technology, including application development, infrastructure, enterprise architecture and delivery.
          
Lowell joined U.S. Cellular in 2003, and prior to his current position he served as vice president of Engineering and Network Operations. In that role Lowell was responsible for ensuring the superior quality of U.S. Cellular's high-speed network so that customers have the world's best wireless experience.
          
Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, Lowell held various leadership positions for Sprint PCS, including director of network field operations. Lowell holds a bachelor's degree in English Literature from UCLA and a master's degree in Human and Organization Development from Fielding University.
   



          Edward Perez
          
             
          
Senior Vice President — Sales
        
  As senior vice president — sales, Ed Perez is responsible for leading U.S. Cellular's sales growth in the company's retail, agent, business and national retail channels. He drives alignment and accountability across these areas to provide U.S. Cellular customers the world's best wireless experience.
          
 In his previous role as vice president of business strategy, Ed formulated, analyzed and implemented strategies to drive U.S. Cellular's growth and profitability. He collaborated with various teams to drive enterprise risk management and ongoing innovation in areas such as new markets, products and business models.
          
 Perez's career with U.S. Cellular began in 1997 in marketing. He has served in several leadership roles in the company, including senior director of sales and marketing for the company's West and Central regions, senior director of marketing's product group, interim senior director of brand management, senior director of business support/operations support and vice president of marketing and sales operations. Ed had been the vice president of business strategy since May 2013.
          
 U.S. Cellular encourages its associates to contribute to their communities. Perez has set an example by volunteering his time to the Salvation Army, the United Way and numerous Hispanic organizations. He is also on the Board of Directors of Metropolitan Family Services in DuPage.
          
 Perez is a native of St. Louis and earned a Bachelor of Science degree in marketing from Missouri State University. He lives in the Chicago suburbs with his family. 
   



          Narothum Saxena
          
             
          
Vice President, Advanced Technology and Systems Planning
        
 As vice president of advanced technology and systems planning for U.S. Cellular, Narothum is responsible for the evaluation, architecture and integration of new and existing technologies, products, and services. The advanced technology and systems planning & implementation teams report to Saxena.
          
Saxena has more than 20 years of experience in the telecommunications and wireless industry. He has been with U.S. Cellular for 11 years, most recently serving as senior director of advanced technology and systems planning. Saxena has lead U.S. Cellular's research and development effort which has developed 25 patents and has several pending.
          
Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, he co-founded Cambia Networks and held various leadership positions at 3COM, Indian Space Research Organization, Omnitel and AMI-Sanag.
          
Saxena has a master's degree in electrical engineering and computer science from the University of Illinois at Chicago and a bachelor's degree in electronics and communication engineering from Osmania University in India. He completed an executive management program from the University of Chicago. He lives in North Hoffman Estates, IL, with his wife and their two children. 
   



          Catherine Shackleford
          
             
          
Vice President, Supply Chain
        
 As vice president of supply chain, Cathy's teams ensure that U.S. Cellular sources the highest quality goods and services at the best overall value, and also works with high-quality vendors to deliver the latest devices to customers and provide the world's best wireless experience. The sourcing, procurement, and supply chain teams report to her.
          
 Shackleford began her wireless career in supply chain, logistics and procurement in 1990 with GTE Wireless in Tampa, Fla. Previously she served as vice president of procurement and logistics at Alltel Communications and then procurement head at Evergreen Packaging. Prior to joining U.S. Cellular in July 2014, she was the senior vice president of supply chain, procurement and commercial real estate at Cricket Communications.
          
 Cathy earned a bachelor's degree in psychology from St. Leo University in St. Leo, Fla., and a master's degree in business and industrial engineering (Management of Technology) from the University of Miami. Cathy lives in Prospect Heights, IL, with her family. 
   



          Grant Spellmeyer
          
             
          
Vice President, Federal Affairs and Public Policy
        
 As vice president of federal affairs and public policy, Grant is responsible for U.S. Cellular's regulatory and policy efforts that help the company achieve outcomes that support its strategic business positions while providing an excellent customer experience.
          
Spellmeyer has more than 20 years of experience in legal affairs, legislative and regulatory issues. Since joining U.S. Cellular in 2006, he has been the principal representative for the company in legislative and regulatory matters. Most recently, he served as executive director of federal affairs and public policy.
          
Prior to joining U.S. Cellular, Spellmeyer held several positions at U.S. Cellular's affiliate, TDS Telecom, including director of legal affairs and carrier relations. Prior to joining TDS in 2001, Spellmeyer served as vice president of human resources and general counsel for Chorus Communications Group in Madison, Wis. He also practiced law for six years at a firm in Madison and was a special prosecutor for the Dane County District Attorney's office.
          
Spellmeyer earned a bachelor's degree in economics, a master's degree in public policy and administration and a law degree all from the University of Wisconsin in Madison, Wis. He also has a master's degree in business administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL A native of the Chicago area, Spellmeyer lives in Kensington, Md., with his wife and three children. 
   



          Jay G. Spenchian
          
             
          
Senior Vice President, Marketing
        


        As senior vice president of marketing, Jay Spenchian is responsible for the development of strategic branding and communications initiatives that drive customer growth and loyalty, while optimizing our products, services and offerings to provide the world's best customer experience for individuals, families and businesses. The brand marketing, device strategy and management, product and innovation, and acquisition and retention teams report to Jay.
        
        Spenchian has more than 30 years of marketing experience, and he most recently served as executive vice president and global chief marketing officer at Tempur Sealy International in Lexington, Ky. Prior to that he was the executive vice president and chief marketing officer at Olive Garden, and he previously held marketing and management positions at Red Lobster, General Motors, The Pillsbury Company, Sara Lee Corporation, H.J. Heinz Company and Pepsico.
        
        Spenchian earned a bachelor's degree in business administration and a master's degree in marketing management from Michigan State University in East Lansing, Mich. He is also on the board of Mariners Inn, a shelter and treatment center for the homeless in Detroit. Jay and his wife, Nancy, have three adult children and will be residing in the Chicagoland area.
        
   




















Important Web Site Pages








Shop 
Phones 
Plans 
Accessories 
Offers 
Tablets 
High-Speed Internet
 Vehicle Services 
Home Solutions 
Business 





Need Assistance? 
Support 
FAQs 
Store Locator 
Contact Us 
Coverage Maps 
Rebate Center 
Device Protection+ Claim 
Return Policy 
Manage Your Data Usage 





Current Customers 
My Account 
Pay Bill 
Check Usage 
Upgrade Device/Add A Line 
Change Plan/Features 
Refer A Friend 
Send A Text Message 
Voice Mail Setup 
Voice Mail to Text Preferences 





Our Company 
About Us 
Careers 
Press Room 
Awards 
Community Involvement 
Sponsorships 
Investor Relations 
Excellence Guarantee 
Developer Program 

  









  


  


  


  





  


 SSL



  

 










For questions or assistance, call daily 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. (7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)1-888-944-9400 
Sitemap |
Privacy |
Legal |
Contact Us 
©
                         U.S. Cellular




 



 










































United States Cellular Corp - NYSE:USM - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet




























 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street










































 

















United States Cellular Corp (USM)
Follow




                                    38.12
                                

0.49
1.30




                        NYSE : Technology
                    

Aug 3, 2017 11:00 AM EDT












Prev Close
  38.61


Open
38.62


Day Low/High

                                    37.99 /
                                    38.66


52 Wk Low/High

                                    33.30 /
                                    46.01
                                


Volume
10.13K


Avg Volume 
106.10K











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
84.88M


Market Cap
3.27B


EPS
0.60


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            49.96
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News














TDS And U.S. Cellular To Release Second Quarter Operating Results And Host Conference Call On August 4, 2017
















U.S. Cellular Launching Moto Z2 Force Edition On Aug. 10; Online Presale Begins July 25

















Jay G. Spenchian Joins U.S. Cellular Leadership Team As Senior Vice President Of Marketing
United States Cellular Corporation (NYSE: USM) announced that Jay G.

Jul 17, 2017 10:00 AM EDT













This Portfolio of 10 Profitable Small-Caps Has Produced Profitable Returns
It has been 18 months since the portfolio was unveiled, and the results have been impressive on the whole, with one big exception.

Jul 14, 2017 12:00 PM EDT









Switch To U.S. Cellular And Get Unlimited Data And A Free IPhone 7
Now is a great time to get iPhone 7 on us. Just in time for summer and for a limited time, U.

Jun 16, 2017 10:00 AM EDT









U.S. Cellular To Offer All-New 10.5-inch IPad Pro And New 12.9-inch IPad Pro
U.S.

Jun 8, 2017 9:00 AM EDT









TDS And U.S. Cellular Present At Two Upcoming Investor Conferences


May 31, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









TDS And U.S. Cellular To Webcast Annual Meetings Of Shareholders


May 16, 2017 10:23 AM EDT









UNITED STATES CELLULAR (USM) SHAREHOLDER ALERT - Andrews & Springer LLC Is Investigating United States Cellular Corporation For Potential Securities Violations And Breach Of Fiduciary Duty
Andrews & Springer LLC, a boutique securities class action law firm focused on representing shareholders nationwide, is investigating potential securities violations and breach of fiduciary duty claims...

May 15, 2017 8:03 AM EDT









TDS And U.S. Cellular To Release First Quarter Operating Results And Host Conference Call On May 5, 2017


Apr 28, 2017 8:30 AM EDT









USM Crosses Above Average Analyst Target
In recent trading, shares of United States Cellular Corp have crossed above the average analyst 12-month target price of $39.25, changing hands for $39.43/share. When a stock reaches the target an analyst has set, the analyst logically has two ways to react: downgrade on valuation, or, re-adjust their target price to a higher level.

Apr 27, 2017 9:15 AM EDT













U.S. Cellular Stock Rising, Carlson Family Won't Sell
Investor Mario Gabelli believes U.S. Cellular could bring in a sum that is twice its current stock price.

Apr 10, 2017 10:01 AM EDT









(Photo: Business Wire)
U.S.

Mar 30, 2017 10:00 AM EDT









Pre-Order A Free Samsung Galaxy S8 Or Galaxy S8+ On March 30 At U.S. Cellular With Qualifying Trade-In
U.S.

Mar 29, 2017 11:30 AM EDT









U.S. Cellular To Offer IPhone 7 And IPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition And New 9.7-inch IPad On Friday, March 24
U.S.

Mar 22, 2017 10:30 AM EDT









U.S. Cellular Offering LG G6 For $10 Per Month Starting With Online And In-Store Presale On March 24
U.S.

Mar 16, 2017 9:30 AM EDT









U.S. Cellular's "Community Connections" Is Back For Its 3rd Year To Support Local Youth Organizations
U.S.

Feb 27, 2017 1:00 PM EST









TDS And U.S. Cellular Present At Two Upcoming Investor Conferences


Feb 27, 2017 11:00 AM EST









U.S. Cellular Introduces Unlimited Data Offering Among Its New Total Plans With No Hidden Fees
Straightforward wireless plans that eliminate the confusion of hidden fees are now available.

Feb 24, 2017 8:30 AM EST









TDS And U.S. Cellular To Release Fourth Quarter Operating Results And Host Conference Call On February 24, 2017


Feb 17, 2017 9:00 AM EST









U.S. Cellular Adds Value To Its Simple Connect And Ready Connect Prepaid Offerings
U.S.

Jan 27, 2017 10:00 AM EST













Analysts' Actions -- Akamai, Kroger, Prudential, Qualcomm and More
Here are Wednesday's top research calls, including upgrades for Akamai and Kroger, and downgrades for Prudential and Qualcomm.

Dec 14, 2016 8:10 AM EST













U.S. Cellular The Future Of Good Recipient Lia Haile With Erin Schultz, Hope House Director And Family Advocate. (Photo: Business Wire)
U.S.

Nov 29, 2016 11:27 AM EST













U.S. Cellular Announces Winners Of 'Most Valuable Coach' Program
Today U.S.

Nov 21, 2016 1:00 PM EST













Among The Black Friday Deals At U.S. Cellular: $500 Back On Samsung Smartphones, Free 58-Inch TV
Deal-seeking wireless shoppers will want to visit a U.S.

Nov 21, 2016 9:00 AM EST













Chicago Tribune Names U.S. Cellular A Winner Of The Chicago 2016 Top Workplaces Award
U.S.

Nov 11, 2016 9:00 AM EST













U.S. Cellular Launching LG V20 On Oct. 28; Online Presale Begins Today
U.S.

Oct 21, 2016 10:00 AM EDT













Voting Begins Now For The Final 15 In U.S. Cellular's Most Valuable Coach Program
Today U.S.

Oct 20, 2016 1:00 PM EDT













U.S. Cellular Tops J.D. Power Wireless Network Quality Ranking In North Central Region
U.S.

Oct 13, 2016 9:00 AM EDT









The Small Caps With Cash Portfolio Powers Ahead
Still, I am neither disappointed nor thrilled with the performance.

Oct 10, 2016 9:00 AM EDT












Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 11:00 AM EDT 8/3/2017


C
(Hold)






Get the (USM) Report Here 







From Our Partners



T-Mobile Is Flirting With A Bubble

SeekingAlpha



Verizon Is Noticeably Undervalued, Buy Before Earnings

SeekingAlpha



Past, Present, And Future Lessons Out Of 100 Seeking Alpha Articles

SeekingAlpha



United States Cellular (USM) Investor Presentation - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



SITO Mobile (SITO) Catches Eye: Stock Moves 16.5% Higher

Zacks



Telephone & Data Systems +5.2% on solid profit beat

SeekingAlpha



U.S. Cellular +8.5% as cost controls prompt Q1 beat

SeekingAlpha



United States Cellular beats by $0.20, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings before Friday’s open

SeekingAlpha



T-Mobile, Dish Network dominate spectrum spending as top two stand by

SeekingAlpha



T-Mobile up as key winner in FCC spectrum auction

SeekingAlpha



U.S. Cellular unveils prepaid unlimited-data plan

SeekingAlpha



March Madness: Final 4 Investing Bracket 2017

SeekingAlpha



Moody's lowers outlook on price war-torn wireless sector

SeekingAlpha



U.S. Cellular downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform at Raymond James

The Fly




















TheStreet
Quant Rating:

C (Hold)



Get the (USM) Report Here 










 








Trending


Tim Cook on Trump's Claim that Apple Is Building 3 U.S. Factories: 'There's More We Can Do'


Here's How Much Money Warren Buffett Has Made on Apple Stock in 2017 Alone


Tesla Employees Won't Talk to You About the Model 3 in Stores but They May Try to Sell You Solar


It Has Gotten So Sad for Costco and Sam's Club They Are Discounting Stuff on Groupon


Amazon the Next RadioShack?











Advertising Partners
 
 
 
 













 












 


































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers
 
 
 
 
 
 










United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports





United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
UA7460830B3B1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of United States Cellular Corp. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of United States Cellular Corp. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key United States Cellular Corp. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - OVERVIEW

1.1 United States Cellular Corp. - Business Description
1.2 United States Cellular Corp. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 United States Cellular Corp. - Milestones and History

2 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 United States Cellular Corp. - Strengths
5.2 United States Cellular Corp. - Weaknesses
5.3 United States Cellular Corp. - Opportunities
5.4 United States Cellular Corp. - Threats

6 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 United States Cellular Corp. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 United States Cellular Corp. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 UNITED STATES CELLULAR CORP. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: United States Cellular Corp. Key Facts 
Table 2: United States Cellular Corp. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: United States Cellular Corp. Milestones and History 
Table 4: United States Cellular Corp. Key Executives 
Table 5: United States Cellular Corp. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: United States Cellular Corp. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: United States Cellular Corp. Products and Services
Table 8: United States Cellular Corp. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: United States Cellular Corp. Profitability 
Table 10: United States Cellular Corp. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: United States Cellular Corp. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: United States Cellular Corp. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: United States Cellular Corp. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: United States Cellular Corp. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: United States Cellular Corp. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: United States Cellular Corp. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: United States Cellular Corp. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: United States Cellular Corp. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: United States Cellular Corp. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: United States Cellular Corp. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: United States Cellular Corp. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: United States Cellular Corp. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


USM - United States Cellular Corp - Rated a Hold - Company Analysis and ASR Ranking Report
US$ 62.00
Jul, 2013 · 9 pages


USM - United States Cellular Corp - Company Analysis and ASR Ranking Report
US$ 62.00
Jul, 2013 · 9 pages


United States Cellular Glass Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021
US$ 3,700.00
Jun, 2017 · 112 pages


United States ICT Spends in Financial Markets Sector - Future Perspective to 2019
US$ 500.00
Jul, 2016 · 38 pages


United States Cellular Telephony Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021
US$ 3,700.00
Mar, 2017 · 106 pages








Ask Your Question
United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:































Best Cell Phone Plans | Shop Smartphones & Tablets | U.S. Cellular









































 
 Skip Header Links

  


 LOG IN/REGISTER



Login














Forgot your User Name/Password?


Take me to:
                                        

SamsungYurbudsPlantronicLGGPadDisneyAccessoryZaggTestiPhone6sView Current BillRewardsAccessoryZaggPay BillCheck UsageHolidayDealsiPhonePreOrderMy Account HomeShop New DevicesAccessories
                                        


What would you like to do?:
                                        

Select One...
Add Line
Upgrade Line




LOG IN


                                    Don't have an account? Register here.
                                



Prepaid Customers Prepaid customers can begin enjoying the convenience of managing their account online, adding funds and setting up Auto Pay.

PREPAID LOG IN/REGISTER



STORE LOCATOR
COVERAGE
GET E-MAIL UPDATES
 CART 

  



 Phones & More





  

iPhone
Check out the latest iPhone models.





  

Smartphones
All the latest technology from the top brands you love.





  

Tablets
Watch movies, read books, play games and stay connected on the go.





  

Basic Phones
Flip phones and other devices that are designed with just the essentials.





  

High-Speed Internet
Stay connected with our affordable home phone services and high-speed internet.




 Shop All Devices 





Explore

 Home Solutions › 
 Vehicle Services › 
 Certified Pre-Owned › 
 Trade-In Device › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Smartphone Center › 





 Plans






  

NEW Total Plans
Knock out hidden fees for good with our best cell phone plan yet, the affordable Total Plan.





  

Prepaid Plans
Plans with unlimited talk, text and all the data you need with no contract, no credit check and no overages.





  

Business Plans
Find the best plan with the right services to set your business up for success.




 Shop All Plans 





Explore

 High-Speed Internet Plans › 
 Other Plans › 
 International Services › 
 4G LTE™ › 
 Enhanced Calling › 
 Maps & Coverage Locator › 





 Accessories 





  

Cases & Protectors
Make sure your device is safe and stylish with the latest cases and protectors.





  

Chargers
Keep all of your devices powered up and ready to go with in-home and portable chargers.





  

Audio
Headphones, speakers, and more for all your audio needs.





  

Bluetooth
Stay connected on the go with Bluetooth® speakers, headsets and hands-free driving kits.





  

Deals & Offers
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.




 Shop All Accessories 





Explore

 On The Go › 
 Entertainment › 
 Health & Fitness › 
 At Home › 
 Business Accessories › 





 Offers





  

Devices for a Penny
Yes, you read that right. Shop devices offered for just a penny.





  

Certified Pre-Owned
Get amazing deals on all of our Certified Pre-Owned Devices.





  

Accessory Deals
Find great deals on the latest Accessories to compliment your Device.





  

Switcher Offer
Switch to U.S. Cellular® today and we'll cover your costs.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.





  

Deals & Promotions 
Save even more with our latest discounts, deals and special offers.







 Business





  

Business Promotions
Find great deals on products and services to help your business grow.





  

Devices
Shop business-savvy Smartphones and Tablets.





  

Business Plans
Stay connected to your business. Find a plan that's right for you.





  

Business Solutions
Learn about our solutions for your business, including: automation, monitoring, asset management and communications.





  

Accessories
Shop the latest accessories for all your business needs.





  

Support
Contact U.S. Cellular®'s Business Concierge or Customer Service for help and support.







Sales & Support Info
To discuss your wireless business needs:

1-866-USC-4BIZ
M - F: 8AM - 9PM
Sat: 9AM - 7PM
Sun: 10AM - 7PM
(central)

For business customer care and support:
                                    1-800-819-9373




 Support





  

Contact Us
For questions or assistance:

1-888-944-9400
Daily: 7 a.m. – 10 p.m.
(7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)






  

Store Locator
Find your closest U.S. Cellular® store location.





  

FAQs
Read Frequently Asked Questions from other customers.





  

Current Customers
Log in or register for My Account to manage your account online.





  

Rebate Center
Pre-register, track and print your mail-in rebate.





  

Payment Options
Online, in-store, by mail, phone or electronic transfer - find a payment option that's right for you.





  

Software Updates
Make sure your device has the latest approved software to get the most out of your wirelesss experience.





  

Wireless
                                                Emergency Alerts
Learn more about mobile emergency notifications







 Why U.S. Cellular





  

In the Middle of Anywhere™
Get reliable network coverage and our great customer service wherever you are.





  

Lighting-Fast Connectivity
We're expanding our 4G LTE™ network, devices and data to help you keep up with the speed of life.





  

Live Life Connected
Get access to all of our best articles, videos, tips, tools and more to mobilize your lifestyle.





  

Refer-A-Friend
Refer a friend or family member to U.S. Cellular and earn up to $550 per year.







Explore

 Maps & Coverage › 
 Deals & Offers › 
 Device Protection+ › 
 Switcher Offer › 




















U.S. Cellular Home Page
Pause the scrolling slides
Our Latest Deals & Offers










 Things we want you to know. 









Shop Now


Smartphones



Plans



Tablets



Accessories



Offers







Explore
 Phones & More 
 On the Go 
 Entertainment 
 Health & Fitness 
 At Home 








Why Switch To U.S. Cellular?
Learn More>













Important Web Site Pages








Shop 
Phones 
Plans 
Accessories 
Offers 
Tablets 
High-Speed Internet
 Vehicle Services 
Home Solutions 
Business 





Need Assistance? 
Support 
FAQs 
Store Locator 
Contact Us 
Coverage Maps 
Rebate Center 
Device Protection+ Claim 
Return Policy 
Manage Your Data Usage 





Current Customers 
My Account 
Pay Bill 
Check Usage 
Upgrade Device/Add A Line 
Change Plan/Features 
Refer A Friend 
Send A Text Message 
Voice Mail Setup 
Voice Mail to Text Preferences 





Our Company 
About Us 
Careers 
Press Room 
Awards 
Community Involvement 
Sponsorships 
Investor Relations 
Excellence Guarantee 
Developer Program 

  









  


  


  


  





  


 SSL



  

 










For questions or assistance, call daily 7 a.m. – 10 p.m. (7 a.m. – 9 p.m. PT)1-888-944-9400 
Sitemap |
Privacy |
Legal |
Contact Us 
©
                         U.S. Cellular




 



 





































