




Howard S. Kalika - Co-Founder at Zegona Communications Plc
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Howard S. Kalika
Co-Founder at Zegona Communications Plc



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Howard S. Kalika
Co-Founder at Zegona Communications Plc



 Overview



Notable Companies


NTL Holdings, Inc.

NTL, Inc. (Inactive)

Virgin Media, Inc.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 95 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




The New York Times
February 21, 2017





                        Sous-Vide Gefilte Fish? A Chef’s Argentine-Jewish Cuisine                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Eamonn Francis O'Hare

Founder at Zegona Communications Plc




Robert W. Samuelson

Co-Founder at Zegona Communications Plc





Richard Williams

Former Director-Investor Relations at Altice SA




Simon Patrick Duffy

Chief Executive Officer at Virgin Media Ltd.





Jacques D. Kerrest

Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at Intelsat SA




Stephen A. Burch

Former President, Atlantic Division at Comcast Cable Communications LLC





Bryan Hall

Secretary, Executive Vice President & General Counsel at Liberty Global Plc




Neil A. Berkett

Financial Controller-Australia at Israel Chemicals Ltd.





Shai Weiss

Founding Partner at VGF Advisers (UK) LLP




Robert C. Gale

Former Head-Finance at Cable & Wireless Communications Ltd.







See 85 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 85 More 


 


 Paths to Howard S. Kalika



            Howard S. Kalika          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Howard S. Kalika






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Howard S. Kalika.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


Northwestern University

                  Northwestern University is a private institution founded in 1851 to serve the Northwest Territory, an area that now includes the states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin and parts of Minnesota.

In 1853, the founders purchased a 379-acre tract of land on the shore of Lake Michigan 12 miles north of Chicago. They established a campus and developed the land near it, naming the surrounding town Evanston in honor of one of the University's founders, John Evans. After completing its first building in 1855, Northwestern began classes that fall with two faculty members and 10 students.

Sixteen presidents have presided over Northwestern in the years since. The University has grown to include 12 schools and colleges, with additional campuses in Chicago and Education City in Qatar.
See highlights in Northwestern’s history:

1850
On May 31 John Evans, Grant Goodrich, Henry W. Clark, Andrew Brown, Orrington Lunt, Jabez Botsford, Richard Haney, Richard H. Blanchard, and Zadoc Hall meet above a hardware store at 69 West Lake Street in Chicago and resolve to establish a university under the patronage of the Methodist Episcopal Church.

1851
On January 28, the Illinois legislature approves Northwestern's Act of Incorporation, granting 36 trustees the power to administer the University's business affairs, organize faculty, adopt by-laws, and grant degrees.

1853
Clark T. Hinman becomes University's first president on June 23.
The University purchases 379 acres on Lake Michigan for $25,000.

1855
The University officially opens on November 5.
Northwestern's first building, Old College, is completed.
An amendment to University charter forbids the sale of liquor within four miles of campus.

1856
Randolph Foster becomes the University president.

1859
Five students receive bachelor's degrees at Northwestern's first commencement.

1860
Henry Noyes becomes the University president.
Student Edward Spencer rescues 17 survivors of the Lady Elgin, which sank in Lake Michigan.

1869
Erastus Haven becomes the University president.  
Trustees vote to admit young women to University classes "under the same terms and conditions as young men." Evanston resident Rebecca Hoag becomes first female to enroll at Northwestern.

1870
Chicago Medical College enters into an agreement with Northwestern University to serve as the University's Department of Medicine. 
New medical school building opens at Twenty-sixth and Prairie Avenue, adjacent to Mercy Hospital.
Women's Hospital Medical College opens.

1872
Dr. Charles Fowler becomes the University president.
1874
Sarah Rebecca Roland is first woman to receive a degree from Northwestern.
1882
The first football game is played against Lake Forest College.
1890
Henry Wade Rogers becomes University president.
1891
The School of Law opens.
1896
Northwestern's first PhDs are awarded; one is in chemistry, and one is in philosophy.
1902
The Rock, originally a drinking fountain, is given as a gift of the class of 1902.
1903
President Theodore Roosevelt visits campus.
Northwestern wins the first of seven Big Ten football championships.
1908
The School of Commerce opens. 1909 The College of Engineering opens.
1912
Kenneth Huszagh is the first Northwestern athlete to participate in the Olympics.
"Go U Northwestern," written by Northwestern University marching band member Theodore Van Etten, premieres in the season's final football game.
1917
Northwestern Medical Corps formed. Northwestern men and women serve in various capacities in World War I: 250 students sign up for active service; 800 women mobilized in National Aid and Red Cross work; a total of 3,606 went to war, and 65 died.
1920
Walter Dill Scott becomes the first non-Methodist University president.
1921
Medill School of Journalism, Media, Integrated Marketing Communications is established.
1924
Wildcats becomes the name for Northwestern's athletics teams.
1929
The first Waa-Mu show is performed.
1932
A merger of Northwestern and University of Chicago is proposed and dismissed.
1933
University College is created.
1939
Franklyn Snyder becomes the University President.
The first-ever NCAA Men's Basketball Championship is held at Northwestern in Patten Gymnasium.
1948
WNUR begins broadcasting.
Professor Melville Herskovits establishes the Program of African Studies.
1949
J. Roscoe Miller is named the University president.
Northwestern's first computer is installed on campus in an unused room of the Dearborn Observatory.
Northwestern defeats California 20-14 in the Rose Bowl. 
1957
Daily Northwestern staffers first paint the Rock.
1970
From May 6 to 13, campus is shut down in protest of Kent State shootings; this is the longest the school has ever been closed.
1975
The first Dance Marathon is held.
1979
Women's Basketball wins its first of two consecutive Big Ten titles.
1985
Arnold Weber becomes the University President.
1995
Henry Bienen becomes the University President.
1998
Professor John Pople is awarded the Nobel Prize for Chemistry.
2005
The women's lacrosse team wins its first of seven NCAA titles in eight years.
2006
U.S. Senator Barack Obama gives the commencement address.
2007
Northwestern begins offering journalism and communication degrees at its new branch campus in Qatar.
2008
Morton O. Schapiro becomes the University President.
2010
Professor Dale Mortensen is awarded the Nobel Prize for Economics.                




 


The University of Chicago

                  The University of Chicago's Office of Investments (COI) is responsible for managing the University's investment assets, which includes overseeing the endowment to ensure that it benefits both current and future generations of the University of Chicago. COI oversees the broad investment strategy and provides input to the development of the strategic and tactical investment policies of the University & UCMC endowments, pension plans and self-insurance trust assets. Their strategy combines qualitative and quantitative analysis, seeking to achieve superior investment performance on a risk-adjusted basis. COI's approach seeks to evaluate the investment strategy as an integrated part of the operating plans of the University rather than in isolation and focuses the the University's overall success, not investment returns. The endowment is well-diversified across a variety of asset classes, including global stocks and bonds, real estate, natural resources, private equity, absolute return strategies and protection (tail-hedging strategies). Asset class exposure is achieved primarily by selecting and engaging external managers. COI manages the global macro and the overlay portfolio to ensure that the portfolio’s overall positioning is compliance with the endowment's investment guidelines. COI's strategies for investing in the public markets include: Absolute Return, Private Debt, Fixed Income and Credit. and Global Equities. COI's real assets team invests globally in real estate and natural resources using outside managers. The real estate portfolio invests globally in value-added and opportunistic strategies using both private partnerships and public vehicles. The natural resources portfolio invests globally in strategies that include, but are not limited to: oil and gas exploration & production; power generation; infrastructure; timber; mining and minerals; and agriculture.                





 Career History



Co-Founder

                                    Current                


Zegona Communications Plc


                  Zegona Communications Plc operates and acquires businesses in the Europe's telecommunications, media and technology sector, focusing on network based communications and entertainment opportunities. The company operates in two segments: Telecable Group and Central Costs. The Telecable Group segment represents the activity of the Telecable business in Spain. The Central Costs segment represents costs incurred by all Zegona Group entities supporting the corporate activities of the Group. Zegona Communications was founded by Eamonn O'Hare, Howard Kalika and Robert Samuelson on January 19, 2015 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.                




Chief Financial Officer & Vice President

                                    Prior - 2008                


NTL Holdings, Inc.


                  NTL Holdings, Inc. provides broadband internet access, telephony, digital television, content and communications services to residential on-net customers. Its services include leased lines, business phone services, business broadband, site-to-site Ethernet connectivity and LAN integration. The company also offers voice services to businesses and public sector organizations, as well as data communications solutions from high speed Internet access to managed business communications networks and communication transport services. The company was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                




Chief Financial Officer & Vice President

                                    Prior - 2006                


NTL, Inc. (Inactive)


                  NTL, Inc. was a communications and content distribution company in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland, providing Internet access, telephone and television services to residential customers. The company also provided Internet and telephone services to residential customers who are not connected to its cable network via access to other companies' telecommunications networks and via an Internet service provider operated by its subsidiary, Virgin Net Limited. NTL's services are delivered through its wholly owned local access communications network passing approximately 7.9 million homes in the United Kingdom and 464,000 homes in the Republic of Ireland. It provides services to three categories of customers: residential customers, business customers and customers in the Republic of Ireland. It was located in New York.                




Assistant Secretary

                                    Prior                


Virgin Media, Inc.


                  Virgin Media, Inc. provides broadband internet, television, mobile telephony and fixed line telephony services that offers a variety of entertainment and communications services to residential and commercial customers. The company also provides complete portfolio of voice, data and internet solutions to businesses, public sector organizations and service providers in the United Kingdom. It operates through two business segments: Consumer and Business. The Consumer segment includes the distribution of television programming over their cable network and the provision of broadband and fixed line telephone services to residential consumers, both on and off their cable network. It also includes mobile telephony and mobile broadband operations, provided over third party mobile networks. The Business segment includes the voice and data telecommunication and internet solutions services, which provide through cable network and third party networks to businesses, public sector organizations and service providers. Virgin Media was founded on March 3, 2006 and is headquartered in New York, NY.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Howard S. Kalika is affiliated with
                            Zegona Communications Plc, NTL Holdings, Inc., NTL, Inc. (Inactive), Virgin Media, Inc..
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤

















Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.















 




ZEG.L | Zegona Communications plc share price | Fundamentals and charts | IG UK
































































Spread betting & CFDs


Logout


                        My IG
                    






Spread betting & CFDs
Investments
Institutional








IG






    Create account



    Login



Menu

Menu



                            Search
                        







IG Live



Help



Contact






United Kingdom
                            
                            




Search
Search












    Login



    Create account






                        Indices
                        





                                    Indices
                                



                                       Indices trading product details
                                    





                        Shares
                        





                                    Shares
                                



                                       Share trading product details
                                    



                                       Shares DMA
                                    



                                       Extended hours on US stocks
                                    





                        Forex
                        





                                    Forex
                                



                                       Forex trading product details
                                    



                                       Forex Direct
                                    



                                       What is forex?
                                    



                                       How does forex trading work
                                    



                                       How to trade forex with IG
                                    





                        Other markets
                        





                                    Other markets
                                



                                       Digital 100s
                                    



                                       Commodities
                                    



                                       Options
                                    



                                       Interest rates
                                    



                                       Sectors
                                    



                                       Bonds
                                    



                                       Cryptocurrencies
                                    



                                       Sunday trading
                                    





                        IG services
                        





                                    IG services
                                



                                       Spread betting
                                    



                                       CFD trading
                                    



                                       Our charges
                                    



                                       What are the risks?
                                    



                                       IG Community
                                    



                                       What's new at IG?
                                    



                                       Risk management
                                    



                                       Best execution
                                    





                        Trading platforms
                        





                                    Trading platforms
                                



                                       Web platform
                                    



                                       Trading apps
                                    



                                       MetaTrader 4
                                    



                                       Advanced platforms
                                    



                                       Compare features
                                    



                                       Demo account
                                    





                        IG analysis
                        





                                    IG analysis
                                



                                       News and analysis 
                                    



                                       Market data
                                    



                                       The week ahead
                                    



                                       Economic Calendar
                                    



                                       Market Screener
                                    



                                       Trading diary
                                    



                                       IG Live
                                    



                                       Trade of the week
                                    



                                       Morning Call
                                    



                                       Financial events 2017
                                    





                        Education
                        





                                    Education
                                



                                       Learn to trade
                                    



                                       Trading seminars and webinars
                                    



                                       Introduction programme
                                    



                                       Monthly newsletter
                                    



                                       Spread betting: a guide for share traders
                                    



                                       Glossary of trading terms
                                    



                                       IG Academy app
                                    











                                          IG analysis
                            








                                    News and analysis 
                                



                                    Market data
                                



                                    The week ahead
                                



                                    Economic Calendar
                                



                                    Market Screener
                                



                                    Trading diary
                                



                                    IG Live
                                



                                    Trade of the week
                                



                                    Morning Call
                                



                                    Financial events 2017
                                














            All trading involves risk. Losses can exceed deposits.
        




                
                Over 40 years’ heritage
                
            


                
                Over 185,000 clients worldwide
                
            


                
                Over 15,000 markets
                
            








Zegona Communications plc

                Change: 0.9% (1.50 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            













             Open an account now

        



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    











Spread Bet: 
DFB




Spread Bet: 
DFB




CFD: 
-




Stockbroking: 
-












                0.9%
            

                1.50pts
            


            High: 172.43
            Low: 164.57




Sell
164.57




Buy
172.43












Details for Zegona Communications plc DFB



Dealing Minimum size 
    GBP 0.50
 Margin factor 
    25.0%
 Minimum stop distance 
    1
 Min guaranteed stop distance 
    10.0%
 Slippage factor 
    60.0%



Market hours 08:00 - 16:30 (UK - London Local Time)
    




Margin requirements
Your aggregate position in this market will be margined in the following tiers:




Tier
 Position size (GBP) 
Deposit Factor


1
0 - 96
25%


2
96 - 192
40%


3
192 - 288
60%


4
288 +
75%




If your aggregate position is larger than Tier 1, your margin requirement will not be reduced by non-guaranteed stops.
Please note: we have tried to ensure that the information here is as accurate as possible, but it is intended for guidance only and any errors will not be binding on us.




 Expiry  Expiry date 
    06/04/29
 Last dealing date and time 
    06/04/29 16:30



      Settlement
      DFBs settle on the Last Dealing Day at the closing market bid/offer price of the share, plus or minus half the IG spread. 
    


Special info
[Unborrowable]














Zegona Communications plc

                Change: 0.9% (1.50 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            










                                Already an IG client?
                                Log in to trade






            
                
                
                    All trading involves risk. Losses can exceed deposits.
                
            
        







    

    Buy/Sell

    
        







             Open an account

        
Already an IG client? Log in to trade
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    

















             Find a market to trade

        

This feature requires JavaScript

Share Finder














             Why trade with IG?

        



Free live prices, data
Plus news and opinion from our expert analysts





Over 15,000 global markets
With trading opportunities 24 hours a day





Desktop, mobile, tablet
Seamless functionality with our multi-device platform







Spreads from 0.4 points
Plus tiered margining for even better value





MT4 platform
Superior execution with no third-party bridges





Charts and alerts
Get 100+ technical indicators, plus price alerts on the move 













             Open an account now

        
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    













Client sentiment i

x
The percentage of IG client accounts with positions in this market that are currently long or short. Calculated to the nearest 1%.











100%
                of IG client accounts with open positions in this market expect the price to rise
            

0%
                of IG client accounts with open positions in this market expect the price to fall
            

<10
                IG client accounts have open positions in this market
            



















             Sign up today

        
Open an IG account and start trading today, or test-drive our platform with a risk-free demo.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    










             You might be interested in...

        




Our charges

Our charges are clear and transparent, so you’ll always know what fees to expect.






Charting packages

Use integrated IG charts and access Autochartist packages.






Execution and pricing

Get fast, reliable execution and the best available prices.










































Markets
Forex
Indices
Shares
Other markets









IG services
Spread betting
CFD trading
Share dealing









Trading platforms
Web platform
Trading apps
Advanced platforms
Compare features









IG analysis
The week ahead
Market news
IG Live



















Contact us
New client: 0800 1953100
Clients: 0800 4096789
Tweet us: @IGClientHelp









UK







IG | Sitemap | Terms and agreements | Privacy | IG Community | About IG | Cookies | Refer a friend | Investors








Follow us online:

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google Plus












Spread bets and CFDs are leveraged products and can result in losses that exceed deposits. The value of shares, ETFs and ETCs bought through a share dealing account, a stocks and shares ISA or a SIPP can fall as well as rise, which could mean getting back less than you originally put in. Please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
CFD, share dealing and stocks and shares ISA accounts provided by IG Markets Ltd, spread betting provided by IG Index Ltd. IG is a trading name of IG Markets Ltd (a company registered in England and Wales under number 04008957) and IG Index Ltd (a company registered in England and Wales under number 01190902). Registered address at Cannon Bridge House, 25 Dowgate Hill, London EC4R 2YA. Both IG Markets Ltd (Register number 195355) and IG Index Ltd (Register number 114059) are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Excludes binary bets, where IG Index Ltd is licensed and regulated by the Gambling Commission, reference number 2628. IG Index supports responsible gambling, for information and advice please visit www.gambleaware.co.uk.
The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States, Belgium or any particular country outside the UK and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.





















© 2003-2017















Careers | Affiliates











            All trading involves risk. Losses can exceed deposits.
        














變頻器,PLC控制器,安川代理商,國際牌代理商,視覺對位系統,歐姆龍控制器


































繁體中文 │  English










可程式控制器的人機介面



公司簡介  服務項目 產品介紹公司位置 聯絡我們





鑫弘展企業有限公司屬於自動化電機電子類產品的貿易商，提供國內外客戶所需各項產品外，更引進國外先進技術，協助客戶系統的規劃、諮詢、技術的支援及問題的克服，而不是單純的買賣業，而自動化是世界的趨勢，需結合電子、電機、資訊、網路、機械......等等領域，運用各種最先進技術，來達成客戶的需求，而且為了增加客戶的需求，還附屬室內裝潢業的導入來跟進世界的趨勢讓生活有更高的品質，如智慧型住宅、節能減碳、太陽能......等等，可以讓顧客一次購足別再尋找其他商品的時間，除此之外，本公司朝向經營多元化、產業多角化、系統整合方案、商品多樣化的目標來發展，來提供客戶最好的服務。







專業的貿易商滿足您的所有需求



聯絡電話:02-2848-3135    傳真:02-2848-8271    聯絡地址:24743新北市蘆洲區民族路506號5樓
        Copyright    ©    2013 變頻器-鑫弘展企業有限公司. All Rights Reserved. Design by web5000 網頁設計.


Sitemap 三菱代理商 歐姆龍代理商










Dean Checkley - Chief Financial Officer at Zegona Communications Plc
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Dean Checkley
Chief Financial Officer at Zegona Communications Plc



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Public Holdings 


Dean Checkley
Chief Financial Officer at Zegona Communications Plc



 Overview



Notable Companies


Zegona Communications Plc




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 37 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




RelSci
February 9, 2017





                        Dean Checkley is now serving in a new position at Zegona Communications Plc                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Howard S. Kalika

Co-Founder at Zegona Communications Plc




Robert W. Samuelson

Co-Founder at Zegona Communications Plc





Eamonn Francis O'Hare

Founder at Zegona Communications Plc




Menno Kremer

Investment Director at Zegona Communications Plc





Han Kieftenbeld

Former Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at Innophos Holdings, Inc.




Romana Wyllie

Vice President-Corporate Communications at Central European Media Enterprises Ltd.





Erik T. Moe

Senior Vice President-Legal Affairs at SBS Broadcasting Europe BV




Anthony Chhoy

Former Executive Vice President & Head of Strategic Planning & Operations at Central European Media Enterprises Ltd.





Ionut-Ciprian Stancu

Former Head-Sales at Central European Media Enterprises Ltd.




John A. Schwallie

Former Operating Partner at Greenhouse Capital Partners







See 27 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 27 More 


 


 Paths to Dean Checkley



            Dean Checkley          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Dean Checkley






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Dean Checkley.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


London School of Economics and Political Science

                  LSE was founded in 1895 and has grown to become one of the foremost social science universities in the world, ranked alongside Harvard, UC Berkeley and Stanford. 

A specialist university with an international intake, LSE's reach extends from its central London campus to around the world. 

    The School has a cosmopolitan student body, with around 9,500 full time students from 140 countries
    It has a staff of just over 3,000, with about 46 per cent drawn from countries outside the UK
    Over 100 languages are spoken on LSE's campus
    An influential network of over 160,000 LSE alumni spans the world, covering over 190 countries with more than 80 active alumni groups.                





 Career History



Chief Financial Officer

                                    Current                


Zegona Communications Plc


                  Zegona Communications Plc operates and acquires businesses in the Europe's telecommunications, media and technology sector, focusing on network based communications and entertainment opportunities. The company operates in two segments: Telecable Group and Central Costs. The Telecable Group segment represents the activity of the Telecable business in Spain. The Central Costs segment represents costs incurred by all Zegona Group entities supporting the corporate activities of the Group. Zegona Communications was founded by Eamonn O'Hare, Howard Kalika and Robert Samuelson on January 19, 2015 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.                




Group Financial Controller

                                    Prior                


AB Mauri (UK) Ltd.


                  AB Mauri (UK) Ltd. distributes yeast and bakery ingredients. It offers stabilized cream, compressed and dried yeast; bread, micro-ingredients, sweet bakery, donut mixes and concentrates, fillings, gels, colors, flavors and regional specialty products. The company was founded in 1868 and is headquartered in Peterborough, the United Kingdom.                




Finance Director

                                    Prior                


Central European Media Enterprises Ltd.


                  Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. operates as a media and entertainment company. It operates through the following segments: Broadcast, Media Pro Entertainment and New Media. The Broadcast segment includes 36 television channels. The Media Pro Entertainment segment involves in production and distribution business. The New Media division operates online products and distribution platforms across six markets. The company was founded by Ronald Steven Lauder in June 1994 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.                





 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Dean Checkley is affiliated with
                            Zegona Communications Plc, AB Mauri (UK) Ltd., Central European Media Enterprises Ltd..
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤
























Zegona Communications PLC Final Results - ADVFN




































03/08/2017 15:03:04


Cookie Policy
+44 (0) 207 0700 961


Free Membership
Login





MonitorQuoteChartsTradesNewsFinancialsToplistsAlertsPortfolioLevel 2Free BBPBB









Follow FeedSitemapNewslettersWebinarsCopy TradingForexGlobal MarketsMore
















 









Zegona Communications (LSE)Astrazeneca Plc    Dl-,25 (Frankfurt)(FWB)ASTRAZENECA PLC    DL-,25(LS)ZEG(WSE)Astrazeneca(XE)




New! You've just added your first Follow!
This is a brand new feature that will be the core of several new tools we're building for you.
To see a tutorial on how the Follow Feed works: View Tutorial
To dive right in and see the Follow Feed in action with your first follow: Follow Feed


			You can see your current Follow list as a Monitor list here.
		



Zegona Share News (ZEG)

 











Follow ZEG



New! You've just added your first Follow!
This is a brand new feature that will be the core of several new tools we're building for you.
To see a tutorial on how the Follow Feed works: View Tutorial
To dive right in and see the Follow Feed in action with your first follow: Follow Feed


			You can see your current Follow list as a Monitor list here.
		




 




Share Name
Share Symbol
Market
Type
Share ISIN
Share Description


Zegona Communications
LSE:ZEG
London
Ordinary Share
GB00BVGBY890
ORD £0.01






 
Price Change
% Change
Share Price
Bid Price
Offer Price
High Price
Low Price
Open Price
Shares Traded
Last Trade


 
+1.50p
+0.90%
168.50p
165.00p
172.00p
168.50p
167.00p
167.00p
1,750
08:10:52





Industry Sector
Turnover (m)
Profit (m)
EPS - Basic
PE Ratio
Market Cap (m)


Mobile Telecommunications
120.0
-9.3
0.0
-
330.34



Print



Zegona Communications PLC Final Results

06/04/2017 7:01am
UK Regulatory (RNS & others)


Zegona (LSE:ZEG)Historical Stock Chart
6 Months : From Feb 2017 to Aug 2017



  TIDMZEG 

  RNS Number : 7356B 

  Zegona Communications PLC 

  06 April 2017 

  ZEGONA COMMUNICATIONS PLC 

  ZEGONA - 2016 RESULTS 

  ROBUST 2016 PERFORMANCE AT TELECABLE WITH CONTINUING GROWTH MOMENTUM 

  London, England, 6 April, 2017 - Zegona Communications plc (LSE: ZEG) announces results for period ending 31 December 2016. 

 
                 Zegona 2016           Telecable 
                  Consolidated(1)       2016(2) 
                                           EUR138.5 
 Revenue(3)      EUR138.5 million           million 
 EBITDA(3)        EUR61.2 million   EUR65.1 million 
 Operating 
  profit           EUR3.4 million   EUR11.2 million 
 Cash Flow(3)     EUR35.6 million   EUR39.6 million 
 

  Telecable continues to perform strongly, in line with guidance for 2016 

  --       Revenue(3) up 3.0% to EUR138.5 million for full year, driven by both Consumer and Business sectors 

  --       EBITDA(3) up 0.2% to EUR65.1 million for full year, including significant investment in football content 

  --       Cash Flow(3) up 9.7% to EUR39.6 million for full year, reflecting improved cost efficiencies 

  Significant improvements delivered during the first full year of Telecable ownership 

  --       Enhanced product offers - 500Mbps broadband, increased mobile data allowances, advanced TV services and premium football 

  --       New innovative mobile access agreement with Telefonica, providing 4G services at much improved cost 

  --       Increase in online sales and development of self-install programmes to drive ongoing efficiencies 

   --       Stronger business development pipeline, both within Asturias and nationally across Spain 

  Sustained growth expected in 2017 

  --       Healthy industry price repair, with all major operators increasing prices in 2016 and further rises announced for 2017 

   --       Spain expected to remain fastest growing Euro economy, GDP growth of 3.2% in 2016 

  --       Telecable focus on driving increased convergence in 2017, leveraging advantageous new mobile access agreement 

  --       Targeting 3-5% Revenue(3) growth, with contributions from both the Consumer and Business sectors 

  --       Another year of double digit Cash Flow growth (before a EUR2-3 million one-off investment in 4G Mobile transition) 

  Strong cash returns to shareholders 

   --       Dividend of 4.5 pence per ordinary share paid for 2016 
   --       5.0 pence dividend policy confirmed for 2017, 11% increase 
   --       Incremental capital return potential via share buybacks and/or special distributions 

  Eamonn O'Hare, Zegona Chairman and CEO commented: "Telecable has continued to deliver under Zegona ownership. We are particularly pleased that the business has grown its revenues and cash flows strongly in 2016 at the same time as delivering improvements that provide a solid platform to ensure this growth is sustained. Telecable's growth has outperformed other players in the Spanish market in recent years, and it is satisfying to see our track record being maintained. As we look forward in 2017, we are encouraged by the increasing momentum in the business and the fact this is underpinned by a strong Spanish economy and further evidence of industry price repair.  This momentum gives us confidence that Telecable will sustain growth across its key financial metrics in the coming year.  As a result, and underpinned by our confidence in the Cash Flow generation of the business we can now confirm an 11% increase in the dividend to 5.0 pence per ordinary share for 2017. 

  As we look across the broader European TMT landscape, the dynamic forces of consumer consumption, industry consolidation and convergence are creating significant opportunities for new acquisitions. In fact, since creating Zegona almost two years ago, it is my personal view that the market environment to execute our core Buy-Fix-Sell strategy has never been better. We are seeing a steady increase in the number of new opportunities and are confident that additional acquisitions satisfying our disciplined financial criteria will be identified." 

  Enquiries 

  Tavistock (Public Relations adviser) 

  Tel: +44 (0)20 7920 3150 

  Jos Simson - jos.simson@tavistock.co.uk 

  Lulu Bridges - lulu.bridges@tavistock.co.uk 

  Mike Bartlett - mike.bartlett@tavistock.co.uk 

  Notes to Editors: 

  About Zegona 

  Zegona was established with the objective of acquiring businesses in the European Telecommunications, Media and Technology ("TMT") sector with a 'Buy-Fix-Sell' strategy to deliver attractive shareholder returns.  Zegona is listed on The London Stock Exchange's Main Market and is led by former Virgin Media executives, Eamonn O'Hare and Robert Samuelson. 

  Zegona's first acquisition was the EUR640 million purchase of Telecable, the leading quad play cable telecommunications operator in the Asturias region of Spain, which completed in August 2015.  Zegona believes Telecable represents a compelling investment because of its market leading position in Asturias and strong cash generation, coupled with attractive dynamics in the Spanish telecoms market and Spanish economy.  In 2016, Telecable delivered Revenues(3) of EUR138.5 million, EBITDA(3) of EUR65.1 million and Cash Flow of EUR39.6 million. 

  Conference Call Details 

  There will be a conference call for analysts and investors in London at 1:30 p.m. BST.  Analysts and investors can dial in to the presentation on +44 (0) 20 3427 1912 - passcode 9489699 for all participants.  The associated presentation will be available to download from the results and presentations section of www.zegona.com from 12:00 noon BST. 

  There will be a live webcast of the conference call available from the following link: 

  http://edge.media-server.com/m/p/f29o9z3m 

  An on-demand webcast will be available from www.zegona.com 

  Forward-looking Statements 

  Certain statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements which are based on Zegona's expectations, intentions and projections regarding its future performance, anticipated events or trends and other matters that are not historical facts. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of such statements and, except as required by applicable law, Zegona undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information contained in this announcement is subject to change without notice and, save as required by the law, Zegona does not assume any responsibility or obligation to update publicly or review any of the forward-looking statements contained herein. 

 
 1.   From Zegona Communications plc's 2016 consolidated financial 
       statements. These include the results of Telecable and 
       the central costs incurred by Zegona during the year. 
 2.   Audited results for Telecable for the 12 months ended 
       31 December 2016. 
 3.   All references to Revenue, EBITDA and Cash Flow throughout 
       this announcement are to Adjusted Revenue, Adjusted 
       EBITDA or Adjusted Cash Flow for 2016 or to pro-forma 
       12 month Adjusted Revenue, pro-forma 12 month Adjusted 
       EBITDA or pro-forma 12 month Adjusted Cash Flow for 
       2015. Please see the section on non-GAAP measures in 
       Appendix H for further information. 
 

  OVERVIEW(4) 

  It has been an exciting and productive first full year for Zegona.  The Company was launched via an IPO in March 2015, with the objective of acquiring businesses in the European TMT sector with a 'Buy-Fix-Sell' strategy to deliver shareholder returns through fundamental business improvements. 

  Our first acquisition was the purchase of Telecable, the leading telecommunications operator in the Asturias region of Spain. Zegona acquired Telecable for EUR640 million in August 2015. Our first full year of ownership has confirmed our view that Telecable is a compelling investment driven by the company's market leading position and strong cash generation, coupled with attractive dynamics in the Spanish telecoms market and a recovery in the Spanish economy. 

  During 2016, Zegona has continued to work closely with the Telecable management team to further develop the business and the services it provides. Building on the early work done in 2015, we have implemented a number of key strategic initiatives, including: 

   --      Driving growth in consumer revenue with broadband speed upgrades and innovative TV services 

  --      Enhancing the mobile experience for all customers by doubling data allowances and expanding the Wifisfera WiFi service 

  --      Renewing the focus on business clients with a comprehensive change in management and product portfolio 

  --      Delivering Capex productivity improvements focused on sales distribution, network maintenance and home installations 

  Beyond Telecable, we continue to see many attractive investment opportunities in Asturias, nationally in Spain and across the broader European TMT landscape. It is Zegona's view that the market environment to execute our core Buy-Fix-Sell strategy has never been better. We are seeing a steady increase in the number of new opportunities and are confident that additional acquisitions satisfying our disciplined financial criteria will be identified. 

  TELECABLE 2016 PERFORMANCE 

  Telecable's results in 2016 were in line with our expectations and represent a strong performance across our key financial metrics of Revenue(3) and Cash Flow. Telecable's total Revenue(3) for the year was EUR138.5 million, which represents 3.0% growth compared to 2015. This Revenue(3) growth was driven by an impressive performance in the Consumer Mobile and Business sectors with year on year growth of 10.3% and 6.2% respectively. Across the broader Consumer sector performance was solid with 1.9% growth compared to 2015. To counter the competitive nature in this sector the focus has been on upselling products and enhancing the overall value proposition to drive growth in customer lifetime value. 

  EBITDA3 for the year was EUR65.1 million, which represents 0.2% growth compared to 2015 because increases in Revenue3 were broadly offset by the combined impact of three factors (1) the first year of a substantial investment in premium football content that we expect will generate returns in future years, (2) higher mobile access costs from our legacy mobile access agreement that we expect will be substantially reduced when Telecable transitions to its new agreement in the first half of 2017, and (3) effective management of other costs such as handsets, networks, operations and headcount that delivered a 5.7% saving across these categories. 

  Capex for the year decreased by 11.7% to EUR25.6 million. This was driven by strong cost control and a focus on effective capital expenditure. Key Capex productivity improvements included increased online sales, lower network costs and development of customer self-help and self-install programmes. The combination of higher EBITDA3 and lower Capex delivered Cash Flow generation of EUR39.6 million, 9.7% growth compared to 2015. 

 
 4.   Audited results for Telecable for the twelve months 
       ended 31 December 2016 
 

  CONSUMER(5) 

  Telecable's consumer business generated Revenue(3) of EUR100.8 million in 2016, a 1.9% increase compared to 2015. The growth in Telecable's high value quad-play customers and improved consumer ARPU(6) (5.9% growth from EUR57.4 per month in 2015 to a full year record of EUR60.8 per month in 2016) were important drivers of this Revenue performance. These increases more than offset the impact of a reduction in total customers resulting from short term promotional activity from other operators who have invested in deploying FTTH in Asturias in recent years. This deployment now appears to be largely complete. ARPU growth was driven by a EUR2 per month price increase for fixed-line and bundled products in January 2016 and a second price increase of EUR3 per month in September. These price increases were supported by improvements in the consumer proposition including doubling mobile data allowances, doubling the minimum broadband speed to 200 Mbps, launching a high-end 500 Mbps broadband service, and expanding the premium content available to Telecable customers (including significant investments in La Liga and Champions League Football). 

  CONSUMER MOBILE 

  Consumer Mobile is a key area of growth for Telecable. Consumer Mobile Revenue(3) increased to EUR28.8 million in 2016, up 10.3% compared to 2015. This significant increase was driven by a 16.6% growth in the number of postpaid lines, offset by a 4.5% reduction in Postpaid ARPU resulting from lower out-of-allowance charges. Mobile penetration within Telecable's fixed consumer customers increased to 56% and quad-play penetration reached a record high of 37% during 2016. In addition, Telecable continues to expand its Wifisfera WiFi service, resulting in 65k connected customers at the end of 2016, up 7.6% compared to 2015. Continuing these positive trends is an important part of Zegona's strategy for Telecable as we drive increased convergence across our customer base. We expect Consumer mobile to continue its strong growth, given Telecable's still relatively low mobile penetration and the transformational effect of Telecable's new mobile access agreement. This agreement will allow us to offer substantially improved converged customer propositions, including 4G data services, at a much lower cost than in 2016 when it becomes effective in the first half of 2017. 

  BUSINESS(7) 

  Zegona places a high priority on growing Telecable's SOHO(8) and Enterprise businesses. Business Revenue(3) increased to EUR37.6 million in 2016, representing growth of 6.2% compared to 2015. This Revenue(3) growth was driven by ARPU growth of 4.3% and a 1.7% increase in the number of business customers. RGU growth was 2.1% as each customer subscribed to more products on average. The investment we are making in premium football content is supporting our Business segment growth, in particular in bars and restaurants. We believe there is significant potential to grow Business Revenue(3) , given Telecable's relatively low market share in Asturias of only 28%(9) . 

  CAPEX 

  In 2016, Capex was EUR25.6 million compared to EUR28.9 million in 2015 while Capex as a percentage of Revenue(3) in 2016 was 18.5% which compares favourably with 21.5% in 2015. This is a trend we expect to continue. While Telecable continues to make significant investments in its business to drive top-line growth it has also succeeded in making substantial improvements in its Capex productivity, focusing more effectively on those higher priority developments which drive sustained business growth. Capex in 2016 included customer premise equipment and installation costs of EUR6.1 million, sales commission costs of EUR6.6 million, and network and IT costs of EUR8.3 million. Other Capex, including OTT, Wifisfera and one-off projects, was EUR4.5 million. 

 
 5.   Includes Consumer Mobile 
 6.   ARPU: Average Revenue Per User, expressed as a monetary 
       amount per month. Business and Consumer ARPU is fixed 
       and mobile revenue (Adjusted Revenue as defined in 
       the section on Non-GAAP measures in Appendix H), divided 
       by the number of customers and divided by twelve. 
       Postpaid ARPU includes all postpaid mobile revenues 
       (also Adjusted Revenue as defined in the section on 
       Non-GAAP measures in Appendix H), divided by the number 
       of customers and divided by twelve). 
 7.   Includes Business Mobile. 
 8.   Small office, home office. 
 9.   Market share in business broadband. 
 

  NET DEBT 

  Telecable's Net Debt(10) was EUR256.5 million as at 31 December 2016, consisting of a EUR274.0 million senior credit facility and EUR0.8 million other debt, offset by a cash balance of EUR18.3 million. This compares favourably with 2015 where Net Debt was EUR266.8 million. Zegona held an additional EUR4.1 million of cash, reducing Zegona's total net debt to EUR252.4 million as at 31 December 2016. Telecable's senior credit facility is non-amortising, with a bullet repayment due in August 2022. Telecable also has a EUR20 million revolving credit facility, which has never been drawn. 

  MOODY'S CREDIT RATING 

  Telecable's debt was assigned a B1 corporate family rating (CFR) by Moody's(11)  in January 2016, which was reviewed and reconfirmed in February 2017. This rating continues to be in line with or better than many far larger European cable operators and is the highest rating of any European TMT company of Telecable's size. Moody's in-depth review as part of its rating process confirmed the underlying strength of Telecable's business. 

  . 

  TELECABLE 2017 OUTLOOK 

  Building on the financial performance and business improvements delivered during 2016, Zegona continues to have great confidence in Telecable's prospects. Telecable posted robust growth in both Revenue(3) and Cash Flow during 2016. This performance was driven by a number of underlying factors that we expect will continue through 2017. These include: 

  --      Robust Spanish economy: The Spanish economy grew strongly in 2016, with GDP increasing by 3.2%(12) . This was well ahead of the Euro area average of 1.7%. Growth is expected to continue at a dynamic pace, with forecasts(13) projecting growth of 2.4% in 2017. 

  --      Sustained industry price repair: All major telecoms operators in Spain began to increase consumer prices in 2015 and price increases have continued through 2016 and into 2017. Telecable successfully increased consumer prices twice during 2016, and again in February 2017. This was executed through our 'more-for-more' strategy whereby an enhanced product is offered for a slightly higher price. 

  --      Product and service enhancements: Telecable offers high quality products that have been continually enhanced since acquisition. Improvements delivered during 2016 include increasing the minimum broadband speed to 200Mbps, doubling mobile data allowances, offering the broadest suite of premium football content in the Spanish market, developing a 4K set top box and improving OTT offerings.  These improvements have helped Telecable to deliver record high ARPU and increase the number of products supplied per customer in 2016. 

  --      Innovative new mobile access agreement: During 2016, Telecable signed an agreement with Telefonica that provides access to the highest quality mobile network in Spain on highly attractive terms. The agreement will enable Telecable to offer customers a market leading mobile service, including high-speed 4G data, while increasing mobile margins. The service and financial advantages gained through this agreement will help Telecable to drive convergence and accelerate the growth in its mobile business. 

  --      Operational efficiency and cost discipline: A focus on operational efficiency and cost control across cost of goods, operating expenditure and capital expenses has contributed to a 9.7% increase in Cash Flow during 2016 and sustaining this focus is expected to continue to deliver similar improvements in 2017. 

 
 10.   as defined in Telecable's senior credit facility 
 11.   Moody's has assessed the credit rating of Parselaya, 
        S.L., the parent company of Telecable 
 12.   Source, Instituto Nacional de Estadistica 
 13.   Source, Trading Economics 2016-2020 outlook 
 

  Based on these factors, we anticipate the following financial outlook for Telecable in 2017: 

  Revenue(3) 

  Targeting 3-5% Revenue(3) growth. 

  Cash Flow 

  Targeting double digit Cash Flow growth (before a EUR2-3 million one-off investment in 4G mobile transition). 

  Net Leverage Target 

  Net Debt to remain within a range of 3-4x EBITDA(14) . 

  ZEGONA'S 2016 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

  Zegona's 2016 consolidated financial statements include the results of Telecable and the central costs incurred by all entities in the Zegona group for the full twelve-month period. However the 2015 comparative information only includes the results of Telecable from its acquisition on 14 August 2015 and the central costs incurred by Zegona in its operations from its incorporation on 19 January 2015. 

  Costs are incurred by all Zegona Group entities supporting the corporate activities of the Group, including staff and premises costs related to Zegona's management team, ongoing costs of maintaining the corporate structure, evaluating new acquisitions opportunities and executing acquisition and disposal activities. These central costs totalled EUR8.2 million in 2016 compared to EUR13.1 million in 2015 and include (1) EUR4.0 million recorded within operating profit and EBITDA(3) related to Zegona's underlying corporate costs (2015 EUR3.0 million), (2) EUR3.8 million recorded within operating profit but outside EBITDA(3) of one-off deal and project costs, principally advisory and other professional fees incurred in relation to the potential acquisition of the Yoigo business in Spain which was terminated on 22 June 2016 (2015: EUR3.0 million) and, (3) EUR0.4 million recorded within finance costs related to foreign exchange hedging costs to fix the Euro FX rate for the payment of Zegona's 2016 dividend for the period between announcement and payment. 

  A reconciliation between Telecable's unaudited 2015 Pro Forma results and Zegona's 2015 consolidated financial statements is provided in Appendix H. 

  ZEGONA SHAREHOLDER REMUNERATION 

  For 2016, Zegona paid a dividend of 4.5 pence per ordinary share in accordance with the policy stated at the announcement of our 2015 results. 

  On 3 April 2017 Zegona's board of Directors approved a policy to declare a dividend of 5.0 pence per ordinary share for 2017. This is an 11.1% increase over the 2016 dividend, is in line with Zegona's stated objective to pay a progressive dividend, and reflects the strong growth in Cash Flow in the business. Half of the 5.0 pence dividend is expected to be paid in October 2017 with the balance expected to be paid in March 2018. It is Zegona's intention to pursue a progressive dividend policy. 

  Zegona anticipates that Telecable will generate significant excess cash in 2017.  This excess cash is the cash generated by the business after paying interest, tax and Zegona's dividend.  In line with our strategic objectives, Zegona continues to evaluate a number of potentially attractive investment opportunities in the European TMT sector.  To the extent the excess cash is not required to investigate or execute these potential new opportunities, it is Zegona's intention to distribute the excess cash to shareholders. 

 
 14.   EBITDA for the purposes of Net Debt ratio is Telecable 
        EBITDA for last two quarters annualised, as defined 
        in Telecable's Senior Credit Facility 
 

  APPICIES 

  A - Telecable Summary Financial Results 

  B - Telecable Summary Pro Forma Operating Results (unaudited) 

  C - Zegona Communications plc Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 

  D - Zegona Communications plc Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 

  E - Zegona Communications plc Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 

  F - Zegona Communications plc Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 

  G - Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

  H - Non-GAAP Measures 

   A)     TELECABLE SUMMARY FINANCIAL RESULTS(15) 
 
                               Q4                  Full Year 
------------------   ---------------------  ----------------------- 
 Figures in 
  EUR million         2016   2015   Change    2016    2015   Change 
 
 Consumer 
  Revenue(3)          25.7   25.1     2.5%   100.8    99.0     1.9% 
 Business 
  Revenue(3)           9.3    9.3    -0.3%    37.6    35.5     6.2% 
 Total Revenue(3)     35.0   34.4     1.8%   138.5   134.4     3.0% 
 Direct Costs          8.0    7.5     5.9%    31.0    24.5    26.4% 
 Gross Profit         27.0   26.9     0.6%   107.5   109.9    -2.2% 
 Other Costs          11.1   10.7     4.2%    42.3    44.9    -5.7% 
 EBITDA(3)            15.9   16.2    -1.8%    65.1    65.0     0.2% 
 
 Capex                 5.9    7.3   -19.2%    25.6    28.9   -11.7% 
 
 Cash Flow            10.0    8.9    12.6%    39.6    36.1     9.7% 
 
 
                                      Q4           Q1           Q2           Q3           Q4 
                                    2014         2016         2016         2016         2016 
------------------------   -------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------- 
 Figures 
  in EUR million 
 
 Consumer 
  Revenue(3)                        25.1         25.3         25.1         24.8         25.7 
 Business 
  Revenue(3)                         9.3          9.7          9.2          9.5          9.3 
 Total Revenue(3)                   34.4         34.9         34.3         34.2         35.0 
 Direct Costs                        7.5          7.9          7.2          8.0          8.0 
 Gross Profit                       26.9         27.1         27.1         26.3         27.0 
 Other Costs                        10.7         10.5         10.4         10.3         11.1 
 EBITDA(3)                          16.2         16.6         16.7         16.0         15.9 
 
 Capex                               7.3          7.8          5.1          6.7          5.9 
 
 Cash Flow                           8.9          8.8         11.6          9.2         10.0 
 
 
 Notes 
 Consumer includes Consumer Fixed and Consumer Mobile 
 Business includes SOHO, Enterprise and Other Revenue 
 EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA as defined in Appendix H 
 Cash Flow defined as EBITDA minus Capex 
 All figures are rounded to the nearest 1 decimal 
  place 
 
 15.                      Amounts for 2016 are audited, amounts for 2015 
                           are pre-forma 12 month amounts and are unaudited. 
                           The change between 2016 and 2015 amounts are unaudited. 
                           Please see Appendix H for further information. 
 
 
   B)      TELECABLE SUMMARY PRO FORMA OPERATING RESULTS (UNAUDITED) 
 
                                                           Full     Full 
                          Q4     Q1     Q2     Q3     Q4    Year     Year 
                        2015   2016   2016   2016   2016   2016     2015 
--------------------   -----  -----  -----  -----  -----  ------  -------- 
 Consumer 
  * 
 Revenue(3) 
  (EURm)                25.1   25.3   25.1   24.8   25.7   100.8    99.0 
 Customers 
  (AOP K)                142    140    138    137    137     138     144 
 RGUs (K)                456    453    450    449    451     451     456 
 RGUs/Customer          3.23   3.25   3.27   3.27   3.31    3.31    3.23 
 ARPU (EUR/month)       58.8   60.1   60.5   60.0   62.5    60.8    57.4 
 
 Consumer 
  Mobile 
 Revenue(3) 
  (EURm)                 6.7    6.6    7.0    7.3    7.9    28.8    26.1 
 Postpaid 
  Customers 
  (AOP K)                 77     79     80     81     82      80      74 
 Postpaid 
  Lines (AOP 
  K)                     108    114    118    120    121     118     102 
 Postpaid 
  ARPU (EUR/month)      20.6   19.3   19.6   20.3   21.7    20.2    21.2 
 Mobile Penetration 
  (%)                    51%    53%    55%    55%    56%      56     51% 
 Quad Play 
  (%)                    35%    36%    36%    36%    37%      37     35% 
 
 Business 
  ** 
 Revenue(3) 
  (EURm)                 9.3    9.7    9.2    9.5    9.3    37.6    35.5 
 Customers 
  (AOP K)                 21     21     20     20     20      20      20 
 RGUs (K)                 91     92     93     93     93      93      91 
 RGUs/Customer          4.44   4.48   4.55   4.56   4.60    4.60    4.44 
 ARPU (EUR/month)        150    156    149    150    151     152     145 
 
 
 Notes 
 * Includes Consumer Mobile 
 ** Includes Business Mobile 
 Consumer Customers: Residential customers with fixed and/or 
  mobile services activated 
 RGU: Revenue generating unit. This includes all services 
  (fixed voice, fixed broadband, pay-TV and mobile) and 
  is measured at the end of the period 
 ARPU: Average revenue per user. It includes fixed and 
  mobile revenues per user, with mobile ARPU measured on 
  a per line basis. 
 Postpaid Customers: Consumer customers with mobile lines 
  activated 
 Postpaid Lines: Postpaid mobile lines activated 
 Mobile Penetration: Fixed and mobile customers over fixed 
  customers and is measured at the end of the period 
 Quad Play: Customers with four services (pay-TV, fixed 
  voice, broadband and mobile) over total customer base 
  and is measured at the end of the period 
  AOP: Average number over the relevant period 
 
   C)      ZEGONA COMMUNICATIONS PLC CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
                                              Year ended        Period 
                                             31 December            to 
                                                    2016   31 December 
                                                  EUR000          2015 
                                                                EUR000 
Revenue                                          140,798        52,966 
Cost of sales                                   (80,194)      (31,737) 
                                            ------------  ------------ 
Gross profit                                      60,604        21,229 
Other income                                         825           321 

Selling and distribution expenses               (32,379)      (10,963) 
Administrative expenses                         (17,856)       (9,316) 
Impairment losses and losses on disposal 
 of assets                                       (3,552)       (1,703) 
Other operating expenses                         (4,196)       (7,229) 
                                            ------------  ------------ 
Operating profit/(loss)                            3,446       (7,661) 
Finance costs                                   (13,942)       (8,803) 
Finance income                                        62            51 
Gain/(loss) on FX forwards measured 
 at fair value through profit or loss              (409)             - 
Exchange differences                                (81)          (24) 
                                            ------------  ------------ 
Loss for the period before income 
 tax                                            (10,924)      (16,437) 
Income tax                                         5,436         1,545 
                                            ------------  ------------ 
Loss for the period attributable to 
 equity holders of the parent                    (5,488)      (14,892) 
                                            ------------  ------------ 
 
Other comprehensive income 
                                            ------------  ------------ 
Exchange differences on translation 
 of foreign operations                             (825)         (263) 
                                            ------------  ------------ 
Total comprehensive loss for the period, 
 net of tax, attributable to equity 
 holders of the parent                           (6,313)      (15,155) 
                                            ------------  ------------ 
 
   D)     ZEGONA COMMUNICATIONS PLC CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION 
 
                                      as at 31         as at 
                                      December   31 December 
                                          2016          2015 
                                        EUR000        EUR000 
Assets 
Non-current assets 
Property, plant and equipment          122,227       134,910 
Intangible assets                      559,779       575,445 
Non-current financial assets             1,927         1,605 
                                     =========  ============ 
                                       683,933       711,960 
Current assets 
Inventories                                626           373 
Trade and other receivables             17,831        10,148 
Cash and cash equivalents               22,435        14,264 
                                     =========  ============ 
                                        40,892        24,785 
                                     =========  ============ 
Total assets                           724,825       736,745 
                                     =========  ============ 
 
  Equity and liabilities 
Equity 
Share capital                            2,738         2,738 
Share premium                                -       386,045 
Other reserves                         381,155             - 
Share based payment reserve                 60            25 
Foreign currency translation 
 reserve                               (1,088)         (263) 
Retained earnings                     (20,380)      (14,892) 
                                     =========  ============ 
Total equity attributable 
 to equity holders of the 
 parent                                362,485       373,653 
Current liabilities 
Trade and other payables                31,317        24,352 
Current financial liabilities           13,104        16,891 
Deferred revenue                           701           229 
                                     =========  ============ 
                                        45,122        41,472 
                                     =========  ============ 
Non-current liabilities 
Non-current financial liabilities      267,045       265,648 
Deferred revenue                         2,667         2,727 
Deferred tax liabilities                47,506        53,245 
                                     =========  ============ 
                                       317,218       321,620 
                                     =========  ============ 
Total liabilities                      362,340       363,092 
                                     =========  ============ 
Total equity and liabilities           724,825       736,745 
                                     =========  ============ 
 
   E)      ZEGONA COMMUICATIONS PLC CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 
 
 
 
                                             Share                                Foreign 
                                             based                               currency 
                      Share       Share    payment       Other    Retained    translation     Total 
                    capital     premium    reserve    reserves    earnings        reserve    equity 
                     EUR000      EUR000     EUR000      EUR000      EUR000         EUR000    EUR000 
 
 At 1 January 
  2016                2,738     386,045         25           -    (14,892)          (263)   373,653 
 
 Profit/(loss) 
  for the 
  period                  -           -          -           -     (5,488)              -   (5,488) 
 Other 
  comprehensive 
  income/(loss)           -           -          -           -           -          (825)     (825) 
 Issue                    -           -          -           -           -              -         - 
  of share 
  capital 
 Share-based 
  payments                -           -         35           -           -              -        35 
 Dividends 
  paid                    -           -          -     (4,890)           -              -   (4,890) 
 Cancellation 
  of share 
  premium 
  account                 -   (386,045)          -     386,045           -              -         - 
                  ---------  ----------  ---------  ----------  ----------  -------------  -------- 
 Balance 
  at 31 
  December 
  2016                2,738           -         60     381,155    (20,380)        (1,088)   362,485 
                  =========  ==========  =========  ==========  ==========  =============  ======== 
 
 
                                                Share                              Foreign 
                                                based                             currency 
                           Share      Share   payment      Other    Retained   translation     Total 
                         capital    premium   reserve   reserves    earnings       reserve    equity 
                          EUR000     EUR000    EUR000     EUR000      EUR000        EUR000    EUR000 
At incorporation 
 on 19 January                 -          -         -          -           -             -         - 
 2015 
Loss for the 
 period                        -          -         -          -    (14,892)             -  (14,892) 
Other comprehensive 
 loss                          -          -         -          -           -         (263)     (263) 
Issue of share 
 capital                   2,738    386,045         -          -           -             -   388,783 
Share-based payments           -          -        25          -           -             -        25 
                       =========  =========  ========  =========  ==========  ============  ======== 
Balance at 31 
 December 2015             2,738    386,045        25          -    (14,892)         (263)   373,653 
                       =========  =========  ========  =========  ==========  ============  ======== 
 
   F)      ZEGONA COMMUNICATIONS PLC CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 
                                                              Period 
                                            Year ended            to 
                                           31 December   31 December 
                                                  2016          2015 
                                                EUR000        EUR000 
Operating activities 
Loss before income tax                        (10,924)      (16,437) 
Reconciliation of loss before 
 income tax to operating cash flows: 
Depreciation and impairment of 
 property, plant and equipment                  23,293        10,656 
Amortisation of intangible assets               27,068         8,494 
Share based payment expense                         35            25 
Changes in fair value of financial 
 instruments                                       409             - 
Net foreign exchange differences                    81            24 
Losses on derecognition or disposal 
 of non-current assets                           3,552         1,703 
Finance income                                    (62)          (51) 
Finance costs                                   13,942         8,803 
Working capital adjustments 
Increase in trade and other receivables 
 and prepayments                               (7,683)      (10,148) 
Increase in inventories                          (254)         (373) 
Increase in trade and other payables             6,965           311 
Decrease in other current financial 
 liabilities                                   (4,007)             - 
Increase in deferred revenues                      411             - 
Interest received                                   23             - 
Interest paid                                 (12,545)       (3,944) 
Income tax paid                                  (303)             - 
                                          ============  ============ 
Net cash flows from/(used in) 
 operating activities                           40,001         (937) 
                                          ============  ============ 
 
Investing activities 
Purchase of property, plant and 
 equipment                                    (13,715)       (6,598) 

Purchase of intangible assets                 (11,851)       (5,579) 
Acquisition of a subsidiary, net 
 of cash acquired                                    -     (632,585) 
                                          ============  ============ 
Net cash flows used in investing 
 activities                                   (25,566)     (644,762) 
                                          ============  ============ 
 
Financing activities 
Proceeds from issue of share capital                 -       392,417 
Dividends paid to shareholders                 (4,890)             - 
Costs directly attributable to 
 equity raise                                        -      (11,506) 
Net proceeds from loans and borrowings           (283)       282,539 
Loss on extinguishment of Foreign 
 exchange option                                     -       (3,340) 
Proceeds from settlement of derivatives          (189)             - 
                                          ============  ============ 
Net cash flows (used in)/from 
 financing activities                          (5,362)       660,110 
                                          ============  ============ 
 
Net increase in cash and cash 
 equivalents                                     9,073        14,411 
Net foreign exchange difference                  (902)         (147) 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning 
 of the period                                  14,264             - 
                                          ============  ============ 
Cash and cash equivalents at the 
 end of the period                              22,435        14,264 
                                          ============  ============ 
 
   G)     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
   1.            GENERAL INFORMATION 

  The consolidated financial statements of Zegona Communications plc (the "Company" or the "Parent") and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "Group") for the year ended 31 December 2016 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the directors on 5 April 2017. The Company is incorporated in England and Wales and domiciled in the United Kingdom. It is a public limited company with company number 09395163 and has its registered office at 20 Buckingham Street, London, WC2N 6EF. 

   2.            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
   (a)      Basis of preparation 

  The Company was incorporated on 19 January 2015. The Consolidated Financial Statements represent the year ended 31 December 2016 and have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and IFRS Interpretations Committee (IFRIC) interpretations as adopted by the European Union, and with those parts of the Companies Act 2006 as applicable to companies reporting under IFRS. 

  The Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with IFRS under the historical cost convention and are presented in Euros. The functional currency of the Company is British pounds sterling. The Directors have chosen to present the consolidated financial statements of the Group in Euros as the Company's operational subsidiary, Telecable de Asturias, S.A., has a functional and presentational currency of Euros. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand (EUR000), except when otherwise indicated. 

   (b)     Revenue and expenses 

  Revenue and expenses are recognised on an accrual basis, i.e. when the actual flow of the goods and services they represent occurs, regardless of when the resulting monetary or financial flow arises. Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received, less any discounts and taxes. 

  Revenue 

  Revenue from sales of handsets is recognised when the Group has transferred the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods, neither continuing managerial involvement nor effective control is maintained over the handsets and they do not form part of a bundled contract. In the second half of 2016, in the majority of cases this transfer occurred when handsets were delivered to distributors by our logistics operator (previously, no logistics operator was used to manage the distribution of handsets to distributors). 

   Where a contractual arrangement consists of two or more separate elements that have value to the customer on a stand alone basis the total contract consideration is allocated between those separate elements based on the amounts payable by customers under the terms of the contract. Where handsets are sold as part of a bundled contract, any discounts allowed are recognised immediately with the remaining revenue recognised over the life of the contract as was the case in the majority of cases in the first half of 2016. 

  Revenue associated with the provision of services is recognised by reference to the stage of completion of the transaction at the reporting date, provided that the outcome of the transaction can be estimated reliably. The stage of completion is determined by the proportion of the minimum contract life that has been fulfilled. 

  Group revenue is generated from the provision of services in connection with landline phones, television, broadband internet, data and mobile phones for residential and corporate customers, chiefly as bundled sales, and also from phone interconnection services to other operators. 

  The Group assesses its revenue agreements in line with specific criteria to determine whether it acts as principal or agent. The Group concluded that it acts as principal in all its revenue agreements. 

  Traffic revenue, both landline and mobile, is recognised in the period during which it is earned. 

  Regular monthly charges for services are taken to results on a straight-line basis in the period during which the service was provided. Variable consumption revenue is recognised in the period during which it is earned, and revenue from flat-rate consumption is recognised in the period covered by the rate concerned. 

  Interconnection revenue is recognised in the period during which phone traffic is generated. 

   3.            SEGMENTAL ANALYSIS 

  For management purposes, the Group is organised into two segments, the Telecable Group which represents the activity of the Telecable business in Spain and a central costs segment which represents costs incurred by all Zegona Group entities supporting the corporate activities of the Group. The results of each segment are reported to the Board which is considered to be the chief operating decision maker (the "CODM"). The information presented to the Board does not include a detailed analysis of the assets and liabilities of each segment and as such this information has not been presented. 

  The CODM considers an adjusted earnings measure ("Adjusted EBITDA") as the principal measure of profitability of Zegona, which is considered to represent the segment result in accordance with IFRS 8. 

  Whilst service revenue can be further divided into different revenue streams the key metrics are headline revenue and EBITDA which are KPIs discussed by Zegona management and reported to investors. EBITDA is not disaggregated further and is reported internally and externally on a full Telecable basis. Therefore the Directors consider the Telecable results to represent one segment. 

  Further information on reportable segments is set out below. 

 
                                                                                Adjustments 
                                            Telecable                                   and 
                                              Group                 Central    eliminations               Consolidated 
   For the year to 31                        EUR000                 costs            EUR000               EUR000 
   December                                                         EUR000 
   2016 
  Revenue 
  External customers                          140,798                     -               -                    140,798 
                               ----------------------  --------------------  --------------  ------------------------- 
  Total revenue                               140,798                     -               -                    140,798 
                               ----------------------  --------------------  --------------  ------------------------- 
  Revenue by customer 
  Handset sales                                 5,583                     -               -                      5,583 
  Residential service revenue                  98,213                     -               -                     98,213 
  Services provided to 
   business 
   customers                                   37,002                     -               -                     37,002 
                               ----------------------  --------------------  --------------  ------------------------- 
  Total revenue                               140,798                     -               -                    140,798 
                               ----------------------  --------------------  --------------  ------------------------- 
 
  Adjusted EBITDA                              63,153               (3,955)               -                     61,178 
                               ----------------------  --------------------  --------------  ------------------------- 
 
  Profit/(loss) for the 
   period                                    (13,186)                 7,698               -                    (5,488) 
                               ----------------------  --------------------  --------------  ------------------------- 
  Other income/(expense) 
   items 
          Depreciation and 
           amortisation                      (50,360)                   (1)               -                   (50,361) 
          Interest income                          62                13,240        (13,240)                         62 
          Interest expense                   (27,182)                     -          13,240                   (13,942) 
          Income tax                            5,532                  (96)               -                      5,436 
  Capex 

         Additions of 
          property, 
          plant and equipment                  13,717                     -               -                     13,717 
         Additions of 
          intangible 
          assets                               11,851                     -               -                     11,851 
 
 
                                                                                Adjustments 
                                         Telecable                         and eliminations 
                                           Group                 Central             EUR000               Consolidated 
   For the period to 31                   EUR000                 costs                                    EUR000 
   December                                                      EUR000 
   2015 
  Revenue 
  External customers                        52,966                     -                  -                     52,966 
                            ----------------------  --------------------  -----------------  ------------------------- 
  Total revenue                             52,966                     -                  -                     52,966 
                            ----------------------  --------------------  -----------------  ------------------------- 
  Revenue by customer 
  Handset sales                                315                     -                  -                        315 
  Residential service 
   revenue                                  38,734                     -                  -                     38,734 
  Services provided to 
   business 
   customers                                13,917                     -                  -                     13,917 
                            ----------------------  --------------------  -----------------  ------------------------- 
  Total revenue                             52,966                     -                  -                     52,966 
                            ----------------------  --------------------  -----------------  ------------------------- 
 
  Adjusted EBITDA                           24,470               (2,933)                  -                     21,537 
                            ----------------------  --------------------  -----------------  ------------------------- 
 
  (Loss) for the period                    (6,841)               (8,051)                  -                   (14,892) 
                            ----------------------  --------------------  -----------------  ------------------------- 
  Other income/(expense) 
   items 
          Depreciation and 
           amortisation                   (19,149)                   (1)                  -                   (19,150) 
          Interest income                       34                 5,015            (4,998)                         51 
          Interest expense                (10,461)                     -              4,998                    (5,463) 
          Income tax                         1,545                     -                  -                      1,545 
  Capex 
         Additions of 
          property, 
          plant and 
          equipment                          6,598                     -                  -                      6,598 
         Additions of 
          intangible 
          assets                             5,579                     -                  -                      5,579 
 

  All Revenues earned by the Telecable Group were generated in Spain. There are no major customers on which reliance is placed. 

  Zegona uses Adjusted EBITDA, in conjunction with other GAAP and Non-GAAP financial measures to assess its operating performance. Zegona believes it is both useful and necessary to report Adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure because it enhances the comparability of profit across businesses, it is commonly used as the key metric for valuing TMT businesses in mergers and acquisition transactions, and it is used by management for planning, reporting and incentive purposes. 

  EBITDA is operating profit excluding depreciation of Property, Plant and Equipment ("PP&E") and amortization of intangible assets (as defined in our financial statements). 

  Adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA excluding: 

   --       Impairment losses and losses on disposal of assets, 

  --       Long term management incentive compensation and share based payment expenses ("Incentive costs"), 

  --       Significant items that are not considered by management to be reflective of the underlying performance of the Group. These are typically identifiable costs incurred in the course of mergers and acquisition transactions 

  A reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to the closest equivalent GAAP measure, operating profit, is provided below. 

 
 For the year to 31 December     Telecable   Central 
  2016:                              Group     Costs   Consolidated 
                                    EUR000    EUR000         EUR000 
 Operating Profit                   11,220   (7,774)          3,446 
 Depreciation of PP&E               23,293         1         23,294 
 Amortisation of intangible 
  assets                            27,068         -         27,068 
                                ----------  --------  ------------- 
 EBITDA                             61,581   (7,773)         53,808 
                                ----------  --------  ------------- 
 Impairment losses and losses 
  on disposal of assets              3,552         -          3,552 
 Significant project costs(1)            -     3,783          3,783 
 Incentive costs(2)                      -        35             35 
 Adjusted EBITDA                    65,133   (3,955)         61,178 
                                ----------  --------  ------------- 
 (1) As defined in note 6 of the 2016 Annual 
  Report 
 (2) Share based payment expense per the consolidated 
  statement of comprehensive income 
 
 
 For the period to 31 December    Telecable    Central 
  2015                                Group      Costs   Consolidated 
                                     EUR000     EUR000         EUR000 
 Operating Profit                     2,388   (10,049)        (7,661) 
 Depreciation of PP&E                10,657          -         10,657 
 Amortisation of intangible 
  assets                              8,494          -          8,494 
                                 ----------  ---------  ------------- 
 EBITDA                              21,539   (10,049)         11,490 
                                 ----------  ---------  ------------- 
 Impairment losses and losses 
  on disposal of assets               1,704          -          1,704 
 Significant project costs(1)         1,227      7,104          8,331 
 Incentive costs(2)                       -         12             12 
 Adjusted EBITDA                     24,470    (2,933)         21,537 
                                 ----------  ---------  ------------- 
 (1) As defined in note 6 of the 2016 Annual 
  Report 
 (2) Share based payment expense per the consolidated 
  statement of comprehensive income 
 
   4.            PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
 
                                                                2016 
                                -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                        Land         Plant     Fixtures 
                                         and           and          and            Under 
     Cost                          buildings     equipment     fittings     construction       Total 
                                      EUR000        EUR000       EUR000           EUR000      EUR000 
   As at 1 January 2016                3,677       131,357        3,974            1,880     140,888 
   Additions                               -        12,905          297              515      13,717 
   Disposals                               -      (19,408)         (39)                -    (19,447) 
                                ============  ============  ===========  ===============  ========== 
   At 31 December 2016                 3,677       124,854        4,232            2,395     135,158 
                                ============  ============  ===========  ===============  ========== 
 
     Accumulated depreciation 
   As at 1 January 2016                 (43)       (5,560)        (375)                -     (5,978) 
   Charge for the period               (102)      (22,545)        (646)                -    (23,293) 
   Disposals                               -        16,327           13                -      16,340 
                                ============  ============  ===========  ===============  ========== 
   Closing balance                     (145)      (11,778)      (1,008)                -    (12,931) 
                                ============  ============  ===========  ===============  ========== 
   Net book value 
   At 31 December 2016                 3,532       113,076        3,224            2,395     122,227 
                                ============  ============  ===========  ===============  ========== 
 
 
                                                                 2015 
                                      Land         Plant   Fixtures 
                                       and           and        and                  Under 
     Cost                        buildings     equipment   fittings           construction       Total 
                                    EUR000        EUR000     EUR000                 EUR000      EUR000 
   On incorporation                      -             -          -                      -           - 
   Business combinations             3,677       130,129      3,826                  2,322     139,954 
   Additions                             -         6,891        149                  (442)       6,598 
   Disposals                             -       (5,663)        (1)                      -     (5,664) 

                                ==========  ============  =========  =====================  ========== 
   Closing balance                   3,677    131,357         3,974                  1,880     140,888 
                                ==========  ============  =========  =====================  ========== 
 
     Accumulated depreciation 
   On incorporation                      -             -          -                      -           - 
   Charge for the period              (43)      (10,237)      (376)                      -    (10,656) 
   Disposals                             -         4,677          1                      -       4,678 
                                ==========  ============  =========  =====================  ========== 
   Closing balance                    (43)       (5,560)      (375)                      -     (5,978) 
                                ==========  ============  =========  =====================  ========== 
   Net book value 
   At 31 December 2015               3,634       125,797      3,599                  1,880     134,910 
                                ==========  ============  =========  =====================  ========== 
 
   5.            INTANGIBLE ASSETS AND GOODWILL 
 
                                                                                      2016 
                                                                   Patents, 
                                                                   licences,             Customer             Other                 Under 
                                                Develop-           trademarks            relation-            intangible            construc- 
                            Goodwill            ment               and                   ships                assets                tion                 Total 
     Cost                   EUR000              costs              similar               EUR000               EUR000                EUR000               EUR000 
                                                EUR000             EUR000 
   As at 1 
    January                  345,678               3,498               18,581              208,893                 6,645                  251           583,546 
   Additions                       -               1,049                    9                    -                 9,768                1,025            11,851 
   Disposals                       -                   -                  (2)                    -                 (941)                    -             (943) 
   Impairment                      -                   -                    -                    -                     -                    -                 - 
                  ==================  ==================  ===================  ===================  ====================  ===================  ================ 
   Closing 
    balance                  345,678               4,547               18,588              208,893                15,472                1,276           594,454 
                  ==================  ==================  ===================  ===================  ====================  ===================  ================ 
 
   Accumulated 
    amortisation 
   As at 1 
    January                        -               (353)                (237)              (6,629)                 (882)                    -           (8,101) 
   Amortisation                    -               (909)                (624)             (16,140)               (9,395)                    -          (27,068) 
   Disposals                       -                   -                    2                    -                   492                    -               494 
                  ==================  ==================  ===================  ===================  ====================  ===================  ================ 
                                   -             (1,262)                (859)             (22,769)               (9,785)                    -          (34,675) 
                  ==================  ==================  ===================  ===================  ====================  ===================  ================ 
   Net book 
    value 
   At 31 
    December 
    2016                     345,678               3,285               17,729              186,124                 5,687                1,276           559,779 
                  ==================  ==================  ===================  ===================  ====================  ===================  ================ 
 
 
                                                                                       2015 
                                                                    Patents, 
                                                                    licences,             Customer             Other                 Under 
                                                 Develop-           trademarks            relation-            intangible            construc- 
                             Goodwill            ment               and                   ships                assets                tion                 Total 
     Cost                    EUR000              costs              similar               EUR000               EUR000                EUR000               EUR000 
                                                 EUR000             EUR000 
   On                               -                   -                    -                    -                     -                    -                 - 
   incorporation 
   Business 
    combinations              345,678               2,232               18,580              208,893                 3,058                  635           579,076 
   Additions                        -               1,266                    1                    -                 4,696                (384)             5,579 
   Disposals                        -                   -                    -                    -                 (785)                    -             (785) 
   Impairment                       -                   -                    -                    -                 (324)                    -             (324) 
                   ==================  ==================  ===================  ===================  ====================  ===================  ================ 
   Closing 
    balance                   345,678               3,498               18,581              208,893                 6,645                  251           583,546 
                   ==================  ==================  ===================  ===================  ====================  ===================  ================ 
   Accumulated 
    amortisation 
   On                               -                   -                    -                    -                     -                    -                 - 
   incorporation 
   Amortisation                     -               (353)                (237)              (6,629)               (1,275)                    -           (8,494) 
   Impairment                       -                   -                    -                    -                     -                    -                 - 
   Disposals                        -                   -                    -                    -                   393                    -               393 
                   ==================  ==================  ===================  ===================  ====================  ===================  ================ 
                                    -               (353)                (237)              (6,629)                 (882)                    -           (8,101) 
                   ==================  ==================  ===================  ===================  ====================  ===================  ================ 
   Net book 
    value 
   At 31 December 
    2015                      345,678               3,145               18,344              202,264                 5,763                  251           575,445 
                   ==================  ==================  ===================  ===================  ====================  ===================  ================ 
 

  The main additions in the period were the cost of acquisition of contracts with customers amounting to EUR6.6 million (2015: EUR3.4 million), development of software necessary to Group activity amounting to EUR3.0 million (2015: EUR1.3 million) and development costs on TV Everywhere projects amounting to EUR1.1 million (2015: EUR1.3 million). 

  The recognition of patents, trade-marks and development costs and the recognition of customer relationships is included in selling and distribution expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. 

  Goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives have been assessed for impairment as disclosed in the note below. 

  All material intangible assets with identified useful economic lives (including customer relationships and trademarks) have been reviewed for indicators of impairment. No such indicators were identified as at 31 December 2016. 

   6.            IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL AND OTHER ASSETS WITH INDEFINTITE USEFUL LIVES 

  Goodwill acquired through business combinations has been allocated to a single Telecable CGU, which is also an operating and reportable segment, for impairment testing. The Group performed its annual impairment review in December 2016. The Group considers all key performance indicators reported to management when reviewing for indicators of impairment. In 2016, there has been a reduction in the number of Telecable customers, but this has been offset by increases in prices and improvements in product mix such that Telecable has been able to improve its core financial metrics compared to 2015. There are therefore no indicators of impairment of goodwill. 

  IAS 36 requires that an annual impairment review be conducted regardless of whether there are any indicators of impairment. 

  The recoverable amount of the Telecable CGU, has been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections from financial budgets and forecasts approved by the Board and Senior Management covering a five year period. The projected cash flows have been updated to exclude the impact of any expansionary capital expenditure. The pre-tax discount rate applied to cash flow projections is 8.4% and the cash flows beyond the five year period are extrapolated using a 1.5% growth rate. This growth rate is in line with the long-term average growth rate for the Spanish telecommunications industry. As a result of the analysis, there is substantial headroom and management did not identify any impairment. 

  Key assumptions used in value in use calculations 

  The value in use calculation for the Telecable GCU is most sensitive to the following assumptions: 

   --      Rates used as direct inputs to the value in use calculation: 

  o  Discount rates 

  o  Growth rates used to extrapolate cash forecasts beyond the forecast period 

   --      Assumptions and conditions impacting of forecast cash flows: 

  o  Revenue growth over the forecast period as impacted by general economic conditions 

  o  Revenue growth over the forecast period as impacted by the actions of competitors 

  o  Cost and availability of football offerings 

  Rates used as direct inputs 

  Discount rates - Discount rates represent the current market assessment of the risks specific to the CGU, taking into consideration the time value of money and individual risks of the underlying assets that have not been incorporated in the cash flow estimates. The discount rate calculation is based on the specific circumstances of the Group and is derived from its weighted average cost of capital ("WACC"). The WACC takes into account both debt and equity. The cost of equity is derived from the expected return on investment by investors. The cost of debt is based on the interest-bearing borrowings the Group is obliged to service. Specific risk is incorporated by applying individual beta factors. The beta factors are evaluated annually based on publicly available market data. Adjustments to the discount rate are made to factor in the specific amount and timing of the future tax flows in order to reflect a pre-tax discount rate. 

  A rise in the pre-tax discount rate to 8.9% (i.e. +0.5%) would result in the headroom reducing to EUR95.1 million. A rise in the pre-tax discount rate to 10.0% (i.e. +1.61%) would result in the headroom reducing to zero. 

  Growth rate estimates - the growth rate applied to cash flows after the five-year period represents the midpoint of the general Spanish telecommunication sector growth rates of 1% - 2%. A decrease in the growth rate to 1.0% (i.e. -0.5%) would result in the headroom reducing to EUR108.0 million. A decrease in the growth rate to -0.8% (i.e. a decrease of 2.3% from base case) would result in the headroom reducing to zero. 

  Assumptions and conditions impacting of forecast cash flows 

  Revenue growth over the forecast period as impacted by general economic conditions - Revenues in the cash flow projections are based on management's assessment of future revenues in 'normal' economic conditions. Management acknowledges that revenue growth would be impacted in the event of a downturn in the general Spanish economy. To assess the impact on the calculated value in use, revenues have been re-forecast using various progressively more severe economic environments.  In all but the most extremely pessimistic forecasts, no impairment is identified, whilst the likelihood of the most pessimistic forecast is considered very remote. 

  Revenue growth over the forecast period as impacted by actions of competitors - Management have considered the impact of actions by competitors on forecast revenues. For each reasonably plausible forecast, no impairment has been identified. 

  Cost and availability of key premium content - Premium content are a significant part of the forecast cash flows. Management have considered both the impact of increasing costs of obtaining premium content rights with no corresponding increase in revenues and a scenario where broadcasting rights are not renewed. The effect of re-forecasting cash flows under these scenarios does not result in any impairment being identified. 

   7.            INVENTORIES 

  Inventories are chiefly composed of mobile handsets, SIM cards and accessories for the mobile business. The carrying amount is EUR626k (2015: EUR373k). 

   8.            INVESTMENTS 

  The consolidated financial statements of the Group include: 

 
                                                               Ordinary     Ordinary 
                                                                 shares       shares 
                                              Country              held         held 
  Subsidiary           Nature of business     of               directly   indirectly 
                                              incorporation          by           by 
                                                                 Parent       Parent 
===================  =====================  ================  =========  =========== 
Zegona Limited       Incentive company      Jersey                 100%            - 
Zegona (Lux) 
 S.A.R.L.            Financing company      Luxembourg                -         100% 
Zegona (Ireland) 
 Limited             Financing company      Ireland                   -         100% 
Zegona Spanish 
 Holdco Limited      Dormant                UK                        -         100% 
Zegona Borrower 
 Limited             Dormant                UK                        -         100% 
Zegona Holdco 
 Limited             Dormant                UK                        -         100% 
Zegona Lux Finco 
 S.A.R.L             Dormant                UK                        -         100% 
*Parselaya S.L.      Holding company        Spain                     -         100% 
*Telecable Capital 
 Holding, S.L.U.     Holding company        Spain                     -         100% 
*Telecable de        Telecommunications 
 Asturias, S.A.       services              Spain                     -         100% 
 

  * Together "Telecable", "Telecable Group" or "Spanish Group" 

  There are no restrictions on the Company's ability to access or use the assets and settle the liabilities of the Company's subsidiaries. 

   9.            FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

  The Group's activities expose it to market risk, principally interest rate risk and currency risk. Financial instruments affected by market risk include loans and borrowings and deposits. 

  Interest rate risk 

  Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value of future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates, the Group's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group's debt obligations with floating interest rates. 

  In the opinion of the Directors, a significant movement in EURIBOR would be required to have a material impact on the cash flow of the Group. Whilst considered unlikely, should a significant negative impact arise, sufficient working capital is provided through the Group's access to a revolving credit facility of up to EUR20 million which is currently undrawn. Cash balances are placed so as to maximise interest earned while maintaining the liquidity requirements of the business. The Directors regularly review the placing of cash balances. 

  Foreign currency risk 

  Foreign currency risk exists due to the Company operating with a different functional currency (GBP) to that of its subsidiaries (EUR). 

  The Chief Financial Officer, the Board and the finance department of the Telecable Group controls and monitors financial risk management in accordance with the internal policy and the strategic plan defined by the Board. 

  The monetary assets and monetary liabilities denominated in a currency different to the presentational currency relate to carrying amounts of balances in Zegona Communications plc and Zegona Limited which are denominated in Sterling. Details of such monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the reporting date are as follows: 

 
                                      Year ending        Period 
                                      31 December        ending 
                                             2016   31 December 
                                           GBP000          2015 
                                                         GBP000 
Financial assets (denominated in 
 GBP)                                       3,500         5,041 
Financial liabilities (denominated 
 in GBP)                                    (404)         (219) 
                                     ============  ============ 
Net monetary assets                         3,096         4,822 
                                     ============  ============ 
 

  Foreign currency sensitivity analysis 

  The sensitivity analysis below details the impact of a 10% movement in Sterling against the Euro applied to the net monetary assets of the Group: 

 
                              +/- 10% movement 
  Currency impact                       EUR000 
Profit before tax gain/loss            +/- 516 
Equity gain/loss                       +/- 153 
 

  Credit risk 

  Credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, deposits at banks and financial institutions and trade receivables. The Group uses the ratings awarded by independent agencies with regard to banks and financial institutions. If customers have been rated independently, these ratings are used. Otherwise, if there is no independent rating, the Group assesses the customer's credit rating taking into account its financial situation, past experience and other factors. Individual credit limits are set on the basis of the external and internal credit ratings, and the use of these limits is monitored regularly. 

  There are no material financial assets that are past due or impaired as at 31 December 2016, and there is no collateral or other credit enhancement feature on the Group financial assets. 

  The amount of the write-downs on trade receivables recognised by the Group at 31 December 2016 was EUR2,019,305. These referred mainly to the trade receivables past due by more than 180 days at period-end for which the Group has doubts as to their collectability. 

  The relative weight that these write-downs represent as a percentage of the Group's sales in the period is 1%. 

  Liquidity risk 

  Prudent liquidity risk management implies holding sufficient cash and marketable securities and the availability of financing through a sufficient level of available credit lines. Management monitors the Group's liquidity reserve forecasts based on expected cash flows. 

  At 31 December 2015, the Group had cash and cash equivalents amounting to EUR22.4 millions (2015: EUR14.3 million) which were cash balances held with banks. 

  Financial instrument categories 

  The classification by category of the financial instruments held by the Group as at 31 December is as follows: 

 
                                   Group       Group 
                                 Current     Current 
                                    2016        2015 
                                  EUR000      EUR000 
Loans and receivables 
Other financial assets                53          52 
Trade and other receivables        7,256       7,174 
Cash and cash equivalents         22,435      14,264 
                              ==========  ========== 
Financial assets                  29,744      21,490 
 
Bank borrowings                      325       1,519 
Trade and other payables          31,317      24,352 
Other borrowings                  12,560      15,372 
Financial liabilities             44,202      41,243 
                              ==========  ========== 
 
 
                                    Group       Group 
                                    - Non       - Non 
                                  Current     current 
                                     2016        2015 
                                   EUR000      EUR000 
Loan and receivables 
Loans                               1,880       1,557 
Other financial assets                 45          46 
                                    1,925       1,603 
Available for sale 
Investments                             2           2 
                               ==========  ========== 
Financial assets                    1,927       1,605 
                               ==========  ========== 
 
 Other financial liabilities 
Bank borrowings                   266,519     265,017 
Guarantees                              -          19 
Other borrowings                      526         612 
Financial liabilities             267,045     265,648 
                               ==========  ========== 
 

  The Directors consider that the carrying amounts, mainly calculated at amortised cost, of the financial assets and liabilities recognised in the consolidated financial statements equate to their fair values. 

  The Group assets and liabilities carried at fair value above at 31 December 2016 are categorised as Level 2 fair value measurement. 

   10.         BORROWINGS 

  Carrying value of Group's short and long-term borrowings are as follows: 

 
                                     Consolidated  Consolidated 
                                         as at 31         as at 
                                         December   31 December 
                                             2016          2015 
  Short term borrowings                    EUR000        EUR000 
Bank borrowings                               325         1,519 
Advances refundable to the Spanish 
 Ministry of Industry                         139           139 
Other borrowings                           12,421        15,233 
                                     ============  ============ 
                                           12,885        16,891 
                                     ============  ============ 
 
  Long term borrowings 
Bank borrowings                           266,519       265,017 
Advances refundable to the Spanish 
 Ministry of Industry                         526           612 
                                     ============  ============ 
                                          267,045       265,629 
                                     ============  ============ 
Total borrowings                          279,930       282,520 
                                     ============  ============ 
 

  The book value approximates the fair value of financial liabilities. 

  Bank loans include a Senior Secured Facility Agreement signed on 27 July 2016 by Parselaya, S.L (Spanish Group holding company), effective on the acquisition of Telecable on 14 August 2015, which includes a facility of EUR274 million which matures in August 2022 and a revolving credit facility up to EUR20 million which was undrawn as at 31 December 2016 and remains undrawn at the date of this report. This revolving credit facility is available until 2021. 

  This facility bears a market interest rate plus a spread that varies depending on the achievement of certain ratios. 

 
Weighted average interest rate for the period 
Senior Secured Facility Agreement          4.45% 
 

  The Senior Secured Facility Agreement is guaranteed by a pledge over Telecable's shares and certain receivables and would be executed should Parselaya not meet its payment commitments and /or financial performance ratios. All ratios were adhered to during the period. 

  Other borrowings relate to amounts payable to the Group's fixed asset suppliers. 

  Maturity of borrowings 

  Maturity profile in relation to the Group's financial liabilities is as follows: 

 
                                           EUR000 
                               ==========  ===========  ======= 
                                                 Other 
                                             financial 
                               Bank loans   borrowings    Total 
                               ==========  ===========  ======= 
Within one year                       325       12,561   12,886 
In one or two years                   127          139      266 
In two or three years                   -          104      104 
In three or four years                  -          103      103 
In four or five years                   -          103      103 
More than 5 five years            274,000          157  274,157 
=============================  ==========  ===========  ======= 
                                  274,452       13,166  287,618 
Effect of discount/financing 
 rates                            (7,608)         (80)  (7,688) 
=============================  ==========  ===========  ======= 
                                  266,844       13,086  279,930 
=============================  ==========  ===========  ======= 
 

  The Directors consider that the carrying amounts, mainly calculated at amortised cost, of the financial assets and liabilities recognised in the consolidated financial statements equate to their fair values. 

   11.         CALLED UP SHARE CAPITAL 
 
                                                As at         As at 
                                          31 December   31 December 
                                                 2016          2015 
                                               EUR000        EUR000 
Allotted, called up and fully paid 
196,044,960 Ordinary Shares of GBP0.01 
 each (in EUR at historic rate)                 2,738         2,738 
                                         ============  ============ 
                                                2,738         2,738 
                                         ============  ============ 
 

  The nominal value of the total Ordinary Shares allotted, called up and fully paid above equates to GBP1,960,450. 

  No shares were issued during the year ended 31 December 2016. 

  All issued shares are fully paid. The holders of Ordinary Shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared and are entitled to one vote per share at general meetings of the Company. 

  On 8 June 2016, following approval by special resolution of the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting of the Company on 15 April 2016, the share premium account of the Company was cancelled, as confirmed by an Order of High Court of Justice, Chancery Division. Upon the cancellation of the share premium account, the balance was transferred to other reserves. Other reserves form part of the distributable reserves of the Company. 

  On 14 October 2016, an interim dividend of GBP4,411,012 was paid to shareholders, representing 2.25p per share. This was recognised in the distributable reserves account. A further 2016 interim dividend, of the same amount, was paid on 17 March 2017. 

 
    Share premium - for the period to 31 December 
     2016 
   Opening balance (EUR000)                           386,045 
   Share premium account cancellation (converted 
    into distributable reserves)                    (386,045) 
   Total share premium as at 31 December 2016               - 
                                                    ========= 
 
 
   Share premium - for the period to 31 December 
    2015 
   25,000,000 Ordinary Shares issued at a premium 
    of GBP1.19 (GBP000)                                  29,750 
   171,044,960 Ordinary Shares issued at a 
    premium of GBP1.49 (GBP000)                         254,857 
   Total share premium (GBP000)                         284,607 
   Less directly attributable costs (GBP000)            (8,238) 
                                                        ======= 
   Total share premium as at 31 December 2015(GBP000)   276,369 
                                                        ======= 
   Converted into EUR at historic rate (EUR000)         386,045 
                                                        ======= 
 
   12.         RESERVES 

  The following describes the nature and purpose of each reserve within shareholders' equity: 

  Share premium 

  The amount subscribed for share capital in excess of nominal value less any costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares. Share premium has been translated into EUR at the historic rate prevailing on 14 August 2015, the date of the acquisition of Telecable. The share premium account was cancelled on 8 June 2016. 

  Share based payment reserve 

  The share based payment reserve is the cumulative amount recognised in relation to the equity settled share based payment scheme. 

  Other reserves 

  Upon the cancellation of the share premium account, the balance was transferred to other reserves. Other reserves form part of the distributable reserves of the Company. 

  Retained earnings 

  Cumulative net gains and losses recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. 

  Foreign currency translation reserve 

  The foreign currency translation reserve includes the foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the Company's accounts from functional currency to presentational currency, and the consolidation of subsidiaries. 

   13.         LOSS PER ORDINARY SHARE 

  Basic earnings per Ordinary Share is calculated by dividing the loss attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted average number of Ordinary Shares in issue during the period. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of Ordinary Shares outstanding to assume conversion of all potentially dilutive Ordinary Shares. Management Shares and Core Investor Shares have not been included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they are not dilutive for the period presented. 

 
                                       For the        For the 
                                    year ended      period to 
                                   31 December    31 December 
                                          2016           2015 
Loss attributable to the owners 
 of the parent                     (5,487,998)   (14,891,659) 
Weighted average number of 
 Ordinary Shares in issue          196,044,960     89,455,159 
Basic and diluted earnings        (2.80 cents)  (16.65 cents) 
 per share 
 

  Management Shares in the share capital of the Company's subsidiary Zegona Limited have been issued during the current and period. On exercise, the value of these shares is expected to be delivered by the Company issuing new Ordinary Shares although the Company has the right at all times to settle such value in cash. Should the value be satisfied by the issue of Ordinary Shares, this will have a dilutive effect in the future. 

   14.         DEFERRED REVENUE 

  Deferred revenue includes a twenty-year optical fibre lease agreement for which the total lease fee has been received in advance. Deferred revenue relating to this agreement has been split between current and non- current as follows: 

 
              Consolidated  Consolidated 
                  as at 31      as at 31 
                  December      December 
                      2016          2015 
                    EUR000        EUR000 
Current                701           229 
Non-current          2,667         2,727 
              ------------  ------------ 
Total                3,368         2,956 
              ------------  ------------ 
 
   15.         COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 

  Telecable has raised an access conflict with the Comisión Nacional de los Mercados y la Competencia ("CNMC") ,requesting it amends statistics it has published on Telecable's Pay TV customer number. Since the fourth quarter of 2014, the CNMC has reported that Telecable has 129,000 Pay TV customers, which was the total of all Telecable's TV customers at that date. Telecable believes the correct number is the number of customers with set top boxes able to receive premium content, which total approximately 52,000 throughout the period. Telecable has engaged extensively with stakeholders, including the CNMC, rights holders and other operators and, in the course of these discussions, has reached an agreement that a correction should be made, and is confident that the CNMC will issue an amended report in due course. 

  Under the regulatory framework covering the distribution of certain premium content established by the CNMC, the number of Pay TV customers is used to allocate the cost of this content amongst all operators in Spain. As agreed in discussions with parties subject to the cost sharing agreement, amending these statistics would result in amounts currently allocated and billed to Telecable being allocated and billed to other operators (the "amended basis") . Some participants have already made payments on this amended basis in line with the above discussions. 

  In reporting the costs of this content in its financial statements, Telecable has assumed that the statistics will be corrected in accordance with the discussions held. No additional liability was recorded in the financial statements as at 31 December 2016. To ensure continuity of service in the period before the expected reallocation is made, since 1 January 2017 Telecable has paid approximately EUR1.5 million in excess of the amount it owes on the amended basis, which is the amount that is expected to be reallocated to those operators who have not yet made payments on the amended basis in line with the agreement. These payments have been recorded as an amount receivable from the rights holder, since Telecable expects to recover them following the issuance of an amended report by the CNMC and a reallocation of amounts to other operators by the rights holder. 

  Telecable believes it is highly probable that the CNMC will issue an amended report, and amounts will be reallocated to other operators by the rights holder with the EUR1.5 million paid since 1 January 2017 will be recovered. If the CNMC does not issue an amended report, Telecable has estimated that this EUR1.5 million would be the maximum possible obligation. 

   16.         POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS 

  There have been no material post balance sheet events that would require disclosure or adjustment to these financial statements other than the payment of the second interim dividend, in lieu of a final dividend for 2016, which was declared on 16 February 2017 and paid on 17 March 2017 at a rate of 2.25p per share, totaling GBP4,411,012. 

   H)   NON-GAAP MEASURES 

  Certain discussions and analyses set out in this announcement include measures which are not defined by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) such as IFRS. This information, along with comparable GAAP measurements, is useful to investors because it provides a basis for measuring operating performance, ability to retire debt and invest in new business opportunities. Management uses these financial measures, along with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, in evaluating operating performance and value creation. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures as reported may not be comparable with similarly titled amounts reported by other companies. In the following sections we set out our definitions of the following Non-GAAP measures and provide reconciliations to relevant GAAP measures: 

   --      Adjusted Revenue 
   --      EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 
   --      Capex 
   --      Adjusted Cash Flow 

  Zegona believes that in order to provide users of this report with a meaningful understanding of Telecable's performance, the full year of 2016 should be compared with the full year of 2015. In addition to a reconciliation to the nearest GAAP equivalent for the full year 2015 we also provide the same reconciliation for the relevant measures for the performance of the Telecable business both for the full year as discussed in this document and the amounts for the post-acquisition period that were reported in our Annual Report for 2015. 

  Adjusted Revenue 

  Adjusted Revenue is statutory Revenue after adjusting for certain items that together, in the opinion of Zegona, result in a more meaningful understanding of underlying performance that properly reflects those items that are within the control of the business: 

  --      Interconnection and portability revenues. These are required to be included within revenue under IFRS, with an offsetting cost recorded within cost of sales, however they are not within the control of the business. Interconnection rates are set by the relevant regulatory body and revenues earned are ultimately a function of the level of inbound and outbound activity on Telecable's networks compared to other networks. 

  --      Certain marketing campaign related revenues. These are included within other income under IFRS, however they are within the control of the business. 

  A reconciliation of Adjusted Revenue to the closest equivalent GAAP measure, statutory revenue, is provided below: 

 
                                                                        2015 
                                           -------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                                       Telecable 
                                 --------  ---------------------------------  --------------------------- 
 EURm                                                            Pre 
                                   2016      Full year      acquisition(1)       Group Consolidated(1) 
                                 --------  ------------  -------------------  --------------------------- 
 Adjusted Revenue                  138.5       134.4             82.3                     52.2 
 Interconnection revenue            2.7         2.5              1.6                      1.0 
 Other revenue                     (0.4)       (0.4)            (0.2)                    (0.2) 
                                 --------  ------------  -------------------  --------------------------- 

 Statutory revenue                 140.8       136.6             83.6                     53.0 
                                 --------  ------------  -------------------  --------------------------- 
 (1) The pre-acquisition period is 1 January 2015 to 14 August 2015. The post-acquisition period 
  is 15 August 2015 to 31 December 2015. 
 

  EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA 

  Zegona uses Adjusted EBITDA, in conjunction with other GAAP and Non-GAAP financial measures to assess its operating performance. Zegona believes it is both useful and necessary to report Adjusted EBITDA as a performance measure because it enhances the comparability of profit across businesses, it is commonly used as the key metric for valuing TMT businesses in mergers and acquisition transactions, and it is used by management for planning, reporting and incentive purposes. 

  EBITDA is operating profit excluding depreciation of Property, Plant and Equipment ("PP&E") and amortisation of intangible assets (as defined in our financial statements). 

  Adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA excluding: 

   --      Impairment losses and losses on the disposal of assets ("Loss on disposal of PP&E"), 

  --      Long term management incentive compensation and share based payment expenses ("Incentive costs"), 

  --      Significant items that are not considered by management to be reflective of the underlying performance of the Group ("Significant project costs" as disclosed in note 6 of the 2016 Annual Report). These are typically identifiable costs incurred in the course of mergers and acquisition transactions. 

  Because Adjusted EBITDA does not take into account certain items that affect operations and performance, it has inherent limitations as a performance measure. To compensate for these limitations, we present Adjusted EBITDA in conjunction with other GAAP and Non-GAAP performance measures. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for a GAAP measure of operating performance. A reconciliation of EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to the closest equivalent GAAP measure, operating profit, is provided below. Rounded to the nearest EUR million, Incentive costs were zero in both 2016 and 2015: 

 
                                                 2016 
                           ----------------------------------------------- 
 EURm                       Telecable   Central costs   Group consolidated 
                           ----------  --------------  ------------------- 
 Operating profit/(loss)      11.2          (7.8)              3.4 
 Depreciation 
  of PP&E                     23.3            -                23.3 
 Amortisation 
  of intangible 
  assets                      27.1            -                27.1 
                           ----------  --------------  ------------------- 
 EBITDA                       61.6          (7.8)              53.8 
                           ----------  --------------  ------------------- 
 Loss on disposal 
  of PP&E                      3.6            -                3.6 
 Significant project 
  costs (1)                     -            3.8               3.8 
 Adjusted EBITDA              65.1          (4.0)              61.2 
                           ----------  --------------  ------------------- 
 (1) As defined in note 6 of the 2016 Annual Report 
 
 
                                                             2015 
---------------------------  -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                              Telecable                   Central       Group 
                                                                           costs     consolidated 
---------------------------  ------------------------------------------  --------  -------------- 
 
                              Full         Pre-              Post 
 EURm                          year    acquisition(1)    acquisition(1) 
                             ------  ----------------  ----------------  --------  -------------- 
 Operating profit/(loss)      12.5         10.1               2.4         (10.1)        (7.7) 
 Depreciation 
  of PP&E                     24.9         14.2              10.7            -          10.7 
 Amortisation 
  of intangible 
  assets                      16.1          7.7               8.5            -           8.5 
                             ------  ----------------  ----------------  --------  -------------- 
 EBITDA                       53.5         32.0              21.6         (10.1)        11.5 
                             ------  ----------------  ----------------  --------  -------------- 
 Loss on disposal 
  of PP&E                      3.2          1.5               1.7            -           1.7 
 Significant non-recurring 
  items(2)                     8.4          7.1               1.2           7.1          8.3 
 Adjusted EBITDA              65.0         40.5              24.5          (3.0)        21.5 
                             ------  ----------------  ----------------  --------  -------------- 
 (1) The pre-acquisition period is 1 January 2015 
  to 14 August 2015. The post-acquisition period 
  is 15 August 2015 to 31 December 2015. 
 (2) As defined in note 6 of the 2016 Annual Report 
 

  Capex 

  Capex refers to additions of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets and is considered to be a good proxy for cash capital expenditure during the year. Zegona believes it is both useful and necessary to report Capex as it is a key metric used in valuing TMT businesses and, in conjunction with other measures, provides a good understanding of operating efficiency and cash generation. A computation of Capex is provided below. Rounded to the nearest EUR million, Central Cost capex was zero in both 2016 and 2015: 

 
                                                                   2015 
                                         ------------------------------------------------------- 
                                   2016             Telecable              Group consolidated(1) 
                                  -----  -------------------------------  ---------------------- 
 EURm                                     Full year   Pre acquisition(1) 
                                  -----  ----------  -------------------  ---------------------- 
 Additions of PP&E                 13.7     17.3             10.7                   6.6 
 Additions of intangible assets    11.9     11.6             6.0                    5.6 
 Capex                             25.6     28.9             16.6                  12.3 
                                  -----  ----------  -------------------  ---------------------- 
  (1) The pre-acquisition period is 1 January 2015 
    to 14 August 2015. The post-acquisition period 
    is 15 August 2015 to 31 December 2015. 
 

  Adjusted Cash Flow 

  Adjusted Cash Flow is considered the best proxy for the cash flow generated by the trading activities of the business and is calculated as Adjusted EBITDA minus Capex (both as defined above). Zegona believes it is both useful and necessary to report Adjusted Cash Flow as it is a key metric for understanding the impact of Zegona's Buy-Fix-Sell strategy on the ability of operating businesses to generate enhanced cash returns to shareholders. Adjusted Cash Flow is calculated as follows: 

 
                                          2016 
                    ----------------------------------------------- 
 EURm                Telecable   Central Costs   Group consolidated 
                    ----------  --------------  ------------------- 
 Adjusted EBITDA       65.1          (4.0)              61.2 
 Capex                 25.6            -                25.6 
                    ----------  --------------  ------------------- 
 Adjusted Cash 
  Flow                 39.6          (4.0)              35.6 
                    ----------  --------------  ------------------- 
 Additions of PP&E                                      13.7 
 Additions of intangible assets                         11.9 
 Significant project costs(1)                          (3.8) 
 Net working capital adjustments(2)                    (4.6) 
 Net interest paid(3)                                  (12.5) 
 Income tax paid                                       (0.3) 
                                                ------------------- 
 Net cash flows from operating activities               40.0 
                                                ------------------- 
 (1) As defined in note 6 of the 2016 Annual Report 
 (2) Net increase or decrease in receivables, prepayments, 
  inventories, payables, financial liabilities and 
  deferred revenues per the Consolidated Statement 
  of Cash Flows. 
 (3) Interest paid net of interest received per 
  the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 
 
                                                   2015 
                   -------------------------------------------------------------------- 
                                    Telecable                   Central       Group 
                                                                 Costs     consolidated 
                   ------------------------------------------  --------  -------------- 
                    Full         Pre-              Post 
 EURm                year    acquisition(1)    acquisition(1) 
                   ------  ----------------  ----------------  --------  -------------- 
 Adjusted EBITDA    65.0         40.5              24.5          (3.0)        21.5 
 Capex              28.9         16.6              12.3            -          12.3 
                   ------  ----------------  ----------------  --------  -------------- 
 Adjusted Cash 
  Flow              36.1         23.9              12.2          (3.0)         9.2 
                   ------  ----------------  ----------------  --------  -------------- 
 Additions of PP&E                                                             6.6 
 Additions of intangible assets                                                5.6 

 Significant project costs(2)                                                 (8.3) 
 Net working capital adjustments(3)                                          (10.2) 
 Interest paid                                                                (3.9) 
 Net cash used in operating activities                                        (0.9) 
                                                                         -------------- 
 (1) (1) The pre-acquisition period is 1 January 
  2015 to 14 August 2015. The post-acquisition period 
  is 15 August 2015 to 31 December 2015. 
 (2) (2) As defined in note 6 of the 2016 Annual 
  Report 
 (3) (3) Net increase or decrease in receivables, 
  prepayments, inventories, payables, financial 
  liabilities and deferred revenues per the Consolidated 
  Statement of Cash Flows. 
 

  This information is provided by RNS 

  The company news service from the London Stock Exchange 

  END 

  FR UGUMUCUPMPPA 

  (END) Dow Jones Newswires

  April 06, 2017 02:01 ET (06:01 GMT)












1 Year Zegona Chart



1 Month Zegona Chart















 
 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
 

 





 By accessing the services available at ADVFN you are agreeing to be bound by ADVFN's
                Terms & Conditions



Share and Investment Glossary


Investment Warning


Copyright © 1999 - 2017


Cookie and Privacy Policy

.



 

ADVFN UK
Investors Hub
ADVFN Italy
ADVFN Australia
ADVFN Brazil




ADVFN Canada
ADVFN Germany
ADVFN Japan
ADVFN Mexico




ADVFN France
ADVFN US
Finance Manila


P:42 V:gb D:20170803 15:03:04

ADVFN Login   
Bad Login - try again








Username



Password



Forgotten password?  
					





support@advfn.com+44 (0) 207 0700 961

Don't have an account?  Register Now.






































Zegona to appoint KPMG as auditor | Zegona Comm PLC (ZEG) | RNS Company Announcements | Equities  | FE Trustnet

























 


















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table













Company
EPIC/TIDM
SEDOL/ISIN
































Share


Tweet






 
                    Print   
                     
                    RSS





Zegona Comm PLC (ZEG)



Zegona Comm PLC

Zegona to appoint KPMG as auditor

RNS Number : 6523P Zegona Communications PLC 21 November 2016  

ZEGONA COMMUNICATIONS PLC ("Zegona")
 
Zegona to appoint KPMG as auditor
 
21st November 2016
 
Zegona, the LSE Main Market company established to acquire and operate businesses in the European Telecommunications, Media and Technology (''TMT'') sector, announces that KPMG LLP ("KPMG") has expressed its willingness to act as auditor in place of Deloitte LLP ("Deloitte"), who has resigned as auditor of the group. Deloitte, S.L. will continue in its role as auditor of Telecable, Zegona's operating business.
 
Eamonn O'Hare, Zegona's Chairman and CEO commented, "We are pleased to welcome KPMG as our group auditor.  We have been impressed with the quality of the KPMG team and their understanding of the journey we are on, and we will be working closely with them as we continue to grow and develop our business." 
 
A copy of Deloitte's letter of resignation and statement of reasons is included as an appendix to this release.  Click on, or paste the following link into your web browser, to view the appendix: 
http://www.rns-pdf.londonstockexchange.com/rns/6523P_-2016-11-20.pdf  
 
For further information: 
Matt Ridsdale / Lulu Bridges / Mike Bartlett 
Tavistock 
Tel: 020 7920 3150 
 
 
Notes to Editors: 
 
About Zegona 
 
Zegona was established with the objective of acquiring businesses in the European Telecommunications, Media and Technology sector with a 'Buy-Fix-Sell' strategy to deliver attractive shareholder returns. Zegona is listed on The London Stock Exchange's Main Market and is led by former Virgin Media executives Eamonn O'Hare and Robert Samuelson. 
 
Zegona's first acquisition was the €640 million purchase of Telecable, the leading quad-play cable telecommunications operator in the Asturias region of Spain, which completed in August 2015. 
 
This announcement includes inside information.Zegona Contact:
 
Robert Samuelson
Chief Operating Officer
Zegona Communications plc
20 Buckingham Street
London
WC2N 6EF
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  MSCPGGQPGUPQGUU











quick links
Equity Home
Equity Prices and Performance
Latest announcements


our product portfolio
www.trustnet.com
www.trustnetoffshore.com
www.trustnetmiddleeast.com


 
www.investegate.co.uk
www.fundlistings.com
FE Analytics


 
Data feeds
Factsheet and literature Production
Webtools










Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 






















                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and
                    Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com












Zegona Communications Share News | ZEG Stock News | Interactive Investor

















































Skip to Navigation



 

 
 

 
 


 

Zegona Communications (ZEG)

 
 



 
 


LSE:ZEG: STRONG Q1 2016 PERFORMANCE AT TELECABLE
 

Zegona Communications22 Jun 2016 07:01:03 Zegona Comm PLC


RNS Number : 8880B Zegona Communications PLC 22 June 2016  

ZEGONA COMMUNICATIONS PLC
 
TELECABLE - Q1 2016 RESULTS 
 
STRONG Q1 2016 PERFORMANCE AT TELECABLE
 
22 June 2016
 
Zegona Communications plc (LSE: ZEG) announces Telecable results for the quarter ending 31 March 2016.
                        










Telecable Q1 20161




Revenue





€34.9 million




EBITDA2





€16.6 million




Cash Flow3





€8.8 million




 
 
Strong start to the year
·    Revenue up 5.7% to €34.9 million
·    Q1 year on year revenue growth highest in last 6  years
·    EBITDA up 3.7% to €16.6 million  
·    Cash Flow up 11.1% to €8.8 million
 
On track to deliver full year growth guidance
·    Underpinned by consumer price increase in January of €2 per month for enhanced product offers
·    Business segment results driven by growth in both customers numbers and ARPU
·    On track to deliver full year mid-single digit revenue growth and double digit cash flow growth 
 
Attractive cash returns to shareholders
·    4.5 pence dividend policy per ordinary share for 2016
·    Incremental capital return potential via share buybacks and/or special distributions 
 
Zegona pleased with progress to date 
·    Telecable is delivering strong results, driven by Zegona's priority of sustainable enhanced cash generation
·    Significant progress being made on key strategic initiatives
·    Zegona continues to see many attractive investment opportunities across the European TMT landscape
 
Eamonn O'Hare, Zegona's Chairman and CEO commented:  "Telecable has a clear strategy that is delivering results and its first quarter performance reflects our focus on fundamentally improving cash flows.  We are encouraged by the continuing growth in the business, underpinned by the recent consumer price rise and progress in growing the mobile and business divisions.  This performance, together with further evidence of price repair in the Spanish telecoms market and the improving economic environment, gives us confidence that Telecable will continue to deliver strong growth across its key financial metrics in 2016."
 
"As we look out across the European TMT landscape, we see many attractive investment opportunities.  We will continue to evaluate those transactions which can be executed efficiently, enhance shareholder returns and which satisfy our disciplined financial criteria."
 
1 Unaudited management accounts results for Telecable for three months ended 31 March 2016
2 EBITDA defined as operating profit/loss before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization expenses and other non-recurring project and M&A costs
3 Cash Flow is defined as EBITDA minus Capex on an accruals basis
 
Enquiries
 
Tavistock (Public Relations adviser)  
Tel: +44 (0)20 7920 3150
Matt Ridsdale - [email protected]
Lulu Bridges - [email protected]
Mike Bartlett - [email protected]
 
 
 
Notes to Editors:
 
About Zegona 
 
Zegona was established with the objective of acquiring businesses in the European Telecommunications, Media and Technology ("TMT") sector with a 'Buy-Fix-Sell' strategy to deliver attractive shareholder returns.  Zegona is listed on the London Stock Exchange's Main Market and is led by former Virgin Media executives Eamonn O'Hare and Robert Samuelson.  
 
Zegona's first acquisition was the €640 million purchase of Telecable, the leading quad play cable telecommunications operator in the Asturias region of Spain, which completed in August 2015.  Zegona believes Telecable represents a compelling investment because of its market leading position in Asturias and strong cash generation, coupled with attractive dynamics in the Spanish telecoms market and Spanish economy.  In 2015, Telecable delivered revenues of €134.4 million, EBITDA of €65.0 million and Cash Flow of €36.1 million.
 
 
 
Forward-looking Statements
 
Certain statements in this Announcement are forward-looking statements which are based on Zegona's expectations, intentions and projections regarding its future performance, anticipated events or trends and other matters that are not historical facts. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of such statements and, except as required by applicable law, Zegona undertakes no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. The information contained in this Announcement is subject to change without notice and Zegona does not assume any responsibility or obligation to update publicly or review any of the forward-looking statements contained herein.
 
 
 
APPENDIX 1
 
Telecable Summary Financial Results (Unaudited)
 







Q1







2015


2016


Change




Figures in € million



























Consumer Revenue


24.4


25.3


3.7%




Business Revenue


8.7


9.7


11.4%




Total Revenue1


33.0


34.9


5.7%




EBITDA


16.0


16.6


3.7%




Capex


8.1


7.8


-3.6%




Cash Flow


7.9


8.8


11.1%














































 
 










Q1








Q2








Q3








Q4








Q1





 










2015








2015








2015








2015








2016





 




Figures in € million















































 




















































 




Consumer Revenue





24.4








24.7








24.9








25.1








25.3





 




Business Revenue





8.7








8.6








8.8








9.3








9.7





 




Total Revenue1





33.0








33.3








33.7








34.4








34.9





 




EBITDA





16.0








16.7








16.2








16.2








16.6





 




Capex





8.1








6.2








7.4








7.3








7.8





 




Cash Flow





7.9








10.5








8.8








8.9








8.8





 




















































 




















































 




Notes




Consumer includes Consumer Fixed and Consumer Mobile




Business includes SoHo, Enterprise and Business Mobile




EBITDA defined as operating profit/loss before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization expenses and other non-recurring project and M&A costs 




Capex defined as accrued capital expenditure




Cash Flow defined as EBITDA minus Capex




 
1 Total revenues, based on unaudited consolidated management accounts of the Telecable Group* prepared in accordance with IFRS. For information purposes, there are presentational differences between these and Zegona's consolidated financial statements.  The Telecable Group results net off interconnection and portability revenues against an equivalent level of costs, whereas such revenues and costs are included gross in Zegona's consolidated financial statements. Other revenues relating to film investment and marketing campaigns are included in the Telecable Group results, but are not included in revenue in Zegona's consolidated financial statements (but are recorded before operating profit).
*Telecable Group consolidates Telecable Capital Holding SAU, Telecable de Asturias SAU and Parselaya SL




 
APPENDIX 2
 
Progress on Telecable's Strategic Initiative Priorities
 
 
Grow Consumer Revenues*:
 
·     Doubled minimum broadband speed to 200Mbps and launched 500Mbps
·     Premium football customers increased by 49%
·     Set-top box penetration at 35% and growing rapidly
·     Increased consumer prices by €2 per month in January 2016
·     Strong ARPU growth, now at record high €60/month
 
Enhance Mobile Experience*:
 
·     Doubled mobile data allowances in January 2016
·     Continued WiFi hotspot rollout with over 70% increase in traffic volumes
·     20k Consumer postpaid net additions in Q1 2016 (+20% YoY)
·     Quadplay penetration now at record 36% with further growth upside
 
Renewed focus on business clients**:
 
·     Product changes and investment in management / sales force
·     Leverage superior network and premium content to win share in bars/restaurants
 
Improve Capex productivity:
 
·     Increased efficiency in sales distribution, network maintenance and customer installations
·     Development of self-care and self-install solutions
·     Reinvest savings into revenue growth opportunities (e.g., set-top boxes)
·     EBITDA-Capex conversion increased from 49% in Q1 2015 to 53% in Q1 2016
 




Notes
 
*     Includes Consumer Mobile




**   Includes Business Mobile









 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  QRFLFFFIRIILFIR 


 




Our ServicesOur AccountsShare and Fund Account
ISAsWhy us?
Junior ISA
Trading Ideas
Charges
Secure your allowance
Bed & ISA
Transferring your ISA
Transferring your Cash ISA

Junior ISA
SIPPs
Spread Betting & CFDsNew to Spread Betting?
Desktop & web trading
Mobile Trading
Learn
Legal

ForexNew to Forex?
Desktop & web trading
Mobile trading
Learn
Legal

Free Research Account
Charges

Investment ProductsShares
Unit Trusts & OEICs
Investment trusts
Retail Bonds
ETFs
Bonds & Gilts
New Issues and IPOsITs & Funds
Private Company Share Offers
Retail Bond Issues
Share Offer IPOs
Enterprise Investment Scheme

Values-based Investing

Advanced ProductsSpread Betting & CFDs
Short & Leveraged ETFs
VCTs
Structured Products
Covered Warrants

Your GoalsTransfer to us
Regular Investing
Frequent Trader
Refer a Friend
Mobile Trading
International Investing

Investment IdeasIdeas Hub
Model Portfolios
Ready-Made Fund Selections
Stockwatch
Take AIM with Andrew Hore
Chart of the Week


Shares & CompaniesInvestingShares & funds account
Share dealing
New Issues
IPOs

MarketsFTSE 100
FTSE 250
FTSE All Share
FTSE Small Cap
FTSE AIM 100
FTSE TechMARK Focus

NewsBreaking market news
Bonds & new issues
AIM news

ResearchLive Share Prices - Level 2
Winners / losers
Most active shares
Heatmaps
Equity Research


Funds & Investment TrustsInvestment OptionsUnit Trusts and OEICs
Investment Trusts
ETFs
VCTs

Research ToolsFund Search
Fund Filter
Top Funds
Top Investment Trusts

NewsFund News & Analysis
Investment Trust News & Analysis

Search by SectorUK Equity Income
UK Growth
Global Equity Income
Global Growth
Emerging Markets
All sectors...

Search by Manager GroupAllianz Global Investors
Baillie Gifford
BlackRock
ETF Securities
Fidelity
GAM
Janus Henderson Investors
Invesco Perpetual
iShares by BlackRock
J.P. Morgan Asset Management
Witan Investment Trust
Unicorn
All Manager Groups...


News & ResearchMarkets NewsBreaking Market News
FeaturesISAs
Pensions & SIPPs
Share Strategies
Fund Focus
Investment Trust Focus
Commodities & Resources
Spread Betting
CFDs
Bonds

Third-Party News
ii Press Releases
Digital Magazines

Company AnalysisStockwatch
Trends and Targets
General Finance
Bonds & New Issues

Company ResearchStock Filter
Technical Insight
Winners / Losers
Most active shares
Top 10 Funds
Equity Research

LearningInvestment Glossary
Fundamental Analysis
Strategies
Beginner's Guides
Spread Bet, CFD, Forex Guides

iiTVTake 2
Knowledge


Community & DiscussionDiscussion boardsMost Active Discussions
Private Boards
Discussion Spy
Mega Board


Open an accountNew usersOpen a free research account
Open a Share & Fund account
Open an ISA Account
Open a SIPP account
Open a Spread Betting/CFD/Forex account

Existing usersSign in
My Portfolio


 
 


 
 


Search




Search this site: 








 


Sign in
My Portfolio
 
 


RSS
Mobile
About us
Our networkMoney Observer
Moneywise
Share Price


Contact us
Cookies


 
 

 
 


 
 


 
 





 

 
Information

Advertise with us
Site map
 
 

Connect

Contact us
Follow us on Twitter
Visit us on Facebook
RSS feed
 
 






 
 


Our Services

Share and fund account
 
 

Our Products

Shares
Investment Trusts
Bonds and Gilts
Exchange Traded Products
VCTs
Live Share Prices - Level 2
Forex
 
 

Popular Pages

Portfolio
Login to your trading account
Markets
Contact us
 
 


Interactive Investor Trading Limited, trading as "Interactive Investor", is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Registered Office: Standon House, 21 Mansell Street, London E1 8AA, telephone 0345 200 3637. Registered in England with Company Registration number 3699618.
Group VAT registration number 832 6732 26.
We may record and/or monitor telephone calls or intercept other telecommunications between us. This is to protect both of us and for training purposes. Calls to this number cost no more than calls to 01 and 02 numbers. 
 

Secondary links

Legal Terms
Risk Warning
Privacy
Security
Help
 
 
 
 




 




