



Etron Technology, Inc.















 




























































這個頁面上的內容需要較新版本的 Adobe Flash Player。


















Memory ICs



KGDM



Specialty DRAM




Automotive DRAM



Industrial DRAM


 



SDRAM


DDR SDRAM


DDR2 SDRAM


DDR3 SDRAM


LPDDR2 SDRAM







System ICs



USB3.0 Host Controllers



USB3.0 Flash Drive Controllers



Webcam Controllers




Depth Map Controllers




D3FS



eDRAM-by-Dies



DRAM Design-and-Die



DRAM Design-and-Die Foundry Service












 


Industrial DRAM >DDR3 SDRAM


 



For datasheet and more detailed information, please contact our sales directly








DEN
ORG
PART NO
GRADE
SPEED(ns)
VDD, INTERFACE
PACKAGE
Data Sheet



No Data









 


Back

 
  


 




 

 








 


 


















 
 











Etron Technology, Inc.











 




























































這個頁面上的內容需要較新版本的 Adobe Flash Player。


















Press Releases



News Subscription



Events








 



 eEver and Etron Launch USB Type-C PD3.0 Solution-EJ899 Controller IC Performance Fully Upgrade  













December 23, 2016 



 




								FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

[ News Release]

eEver and Etron Launch USB Type-C PD3.0 Solution-EJ899 Controller IC Performance Fully Upgrade 

eEver Technology, Inc. and Etron Technology, Inc (TPEx: 5351.TW) announce that their joint development product, USB PD3.0 controller IC－EJ899, hugely boosts efficiencies in delivering power, transmitting data, and streaming audio and video within USB Type-C solutions. USB PD3.0 provides voltage and current and transmits communication using new specifications, enabling fast charging, flexibility and low power consumption. The EJ899 can deliver power of 100 watts at maximum and up to 5 Amps at 20 Volts, and also allows two-way power delivery between the power provider and consumer, creating a high degree of flexibility and ability to optimize power management. The EJ899 is suitable for USB 3.1, USB 3.0, and USB 2.0 interfaces and other USB specifications and can be widely used in all sorts of electronic systems and devices with charging functions.

Etron’s USB Type-C PD3.0 controller IC design solutions are fully compliant with USB-IF’s latest USB PD3.0 specification. The general efficiency of PD3.0 is improved compared to PD2.0. For data transmission, whereas PD2.0 supports transmitting of only 28 bytes at most, PD3.0 supports up to 260 bytes, enabling transmitting more messages, for example: manufacturer information, security information, firmware update information, etc. For the data delivery process, whereas PD2.0 cannot transmit smoothly in the event of a sudden disconnect of its power source, PD3.0 can switch the role of power provider and consumer and can prevent data corruption during a sudden disconnect of its power source. Moreover, Etron’s USB Type-C PD3.0 controller IC is fully backward compatible with USB PD2.0, enables faster performance for firmware updates, unleashes highest power efficiency and adds a certification information switching function between Type-C and cables.


During CES 2017 (Jan. 5th- Jan 8th), "eEver’s and Etron’s USB Type-C Solutions" will be presented at booth No. 36719, Las Vegas Convention Center (LVCC), South Hall 4. We welcome you to visit our Youtube (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAPGZYn-lPk) to see Etron's USB Type-C PD3.0 solution.  For further information, please visit www.etron.com. 



About eEver Technology, Inc

eEver Technology, Inc. is a leading global USB Type-C solution design and product company, specializing in high speed transfer interface, power delivery, and audio/video streaming as core technologies, and in developing high performance USB-Type-C solutions. Its world-class track record of helping its clients succeed and develop USB Type-C system products enables systems providers to capitalize on this emerging and fast-growing market. 


About Etron Technology, Inc

Etron Technology, Inc. (Taiwan GTSM: 5351) is a world-class fabless IC design and product company, specializing in application-driven buffer memory and system-in-package, including CEDRAM, KGDM, USB Type-C high speed controller chipsets and 3D Depth-map/ Spherical 360° video capturing chipsets. 


For further information, or to request a meeting at CES 2017, please contact:

Corporate Spokesperson:
Mr. Tony Wang
Corporate Deputy Spokesperson:
Ms. Justine Tsai
Ms. Natalie Yu 
Tel: +886-3-578-2345 #8668
Email: pr@etron.com.tw




Back




 

 








 


 


















 
 











Etron Technology, Inc.











 




























































這個頁面上的內容需要較新版本的 Adobe Flash Player。


















Memory ICs



KGDM



Specialty DRAM




Automotive DRAM



Industrial DRAM




System ICs



USB3.0 Host Controllers



USB3.0 Flash Drive Controllers



Webcam Controllers





eSP770







Depth Map Controllers




D3FS



eDRAM-by-Dies



DRAM Design-and-Die



DRAM Design-and-Die Foundry Service











 






 


Product Selection


 





USB
3.0


e-XTAL
N/A


CMOS Sensor I/F
Parallel x 2 or MIPIx2


Resolution
~Full HD 1080P x 1 / HD 720P x2


ISP



MJPEG



3D Output
Yes


GPIOs
8


LDO



Package
68-AQFN(6 x 6) 
144pin BGA / 9mm x 9mm





 


Applications


 

 







 




 

 








 


 


















 
 









Avnet: Quality Electronic Components & Services





Something went wrong... www.avnet.com
We truly apologize that this error has occurred. We take these matters very seriously and ask for your help in notifying us of the problem.  Please contact us at 1.800.408.8353, or email us at customer.care@avnet.com, using Reference Number:
			    18.788a45cb.1501776223.1a96e0c0
Thank you in advance for your assistance in resolving this issue.
Avnet Customer Care





	Etron Technology, Inc.'s  on Taiwan's Largest ICT B2B Marketplace - computex.biz























































 



About

Computex.biz
TCA
Privacy Policy
Partners



Membership

Buyer   Sign in   Join Free !
Upgrade to Supplier
Supplier   Sign in



Contact Us


Buyer Service  |  FAQ


Supplier Service  |  FAQ

 

Newsletter

COMPUTEX Newsletter



Recommended Channels

CES 2016 Highlights
BC Award of COMPUTEX TAIPEI
Taiwan Excellent 3C Product
Embedded Technology (Japan)



Trade Shows

COMPUTEX TAIPEI
Worldwide Trade Show









 



 







COMPUTEX TAIPEI  (Visitor /
                    Exhibitor)

BC Award











Sitemap




 





Products

Product Wall
Hot Products
Recently Updated
Product Directory
Post My Products


Suppliers

Supplier Wall
Hot Suppliers
Newly Arrived
Active Suppliers
Become a Supplier


Videos

COMPUTEX 2017
Video Wall
Recently Updated
COMPUTEX 2016


News

News Wall
Industry News
Headline News
Special Interview
Post My News



My Office

Inquiry


My Product Basket
My Company Basket
Sent Inquiry
Received Inquiry


Buyer Services

Trade Alert
ePaper
User Profile
FAQ


Supplier Services

Post a New Product
Post a New News
Manage Products Data
Manage Company Data
Manage News Data
Settings
Advertisement
FAQ






Language

English
繁體中文
简体中文



















Products
Suppliers
Videos
News





Hot Keywords:

CCTV Camera
SCANNER
CCTV
UPS
PE3B


































Forget Password?
Help










 

 































                Etron Technology, Inc.
            



                Etron
            



Active Supplier :
        
        



            Special Promotion






EJ988




















/PhotoPool2/201404/201404221744155906.jpg














Inquiry


Add to basket








                        eSP870
                    







                                Etron Technology, Inc.
                            








                                
                                
                                
                                eSP870
                            

                                Minimum Order Quantity : NegotiableAre samples available for this product? : YesCurrent Export Markets : Worldwide
                                
                                

















                        
                        Product Introduction
                    



                        
                        Specification
                    



                        Fast Inquiry
                    





                        Language
: 
English




Specifications 

 



Output Interface 


USB3.0 Super speed 


USB 3 types end point - Control, Interrupt, Isochronous
	


Support isochronous IN x 2 


CMOS sensor Interface 


2 lanes MIPI CSI-2 x 2 channels 


Parallel 8/10bit x 2 channels 


Pixel clock up to 96MHz 


Embedded Image Signal Processing engine 


Supports up to Full HD 1080P (1920x1080)/ 30fps 



Supports up to HD 720P (1280x720)/ 60fps 


Supports up to HD 720Px2 (2560x720)/ 30fps 


Embedded stereo vision depth map engine 


Up to VGA/60fps output 


Embedded motion JPEG engine 


Enabled on USB high speed only 


Support video output format 


YUY2 


8/10/12 bit RGB RAW data 


MJPEG 422 


Support 3D video format 


Side-by-side mode 


Support splitter video out 


2D mode 


3D mode 


Depth map mode 


2D + depth map mode 


3D + depth map mode 


I2S audio interface for external ADC 


Support EEPROM or SPI Flash 


Support GPIO x 7 


USB Video Class V1.1 complaint 


USB Audio Class V2.0 complaint 


144-Pin BGA package: Pb and Halogen Free 







                Related Prodcuts
            











eSP868































Produce by  Copyright Notice © 2015 Taipei Computer Association. All rights reserved.  Any type of unauthorized reproduction is prohibited.  Legal and Privacy Policy




















            Loading, please wait …
        























Etron Technology, Inc.













 




























































這個頁面上的內容需要較新版本的 Adobe Flash Player。


























 








Memory ICs
System ICs


Memory Category
Specialty DRAM FlashKGDM Automotive DRAM Industrial DRAM 

Memory Family






Vcc, Interface 
1.2V, HSUL_121.2V/1.8V1.35V1.5V1.5V/1.8V1.7V/1.95V, Page, PASR, DPD1.8V1.8V, HSUL_121.8V, SSTL_182.5V,  SSTL_22.5V, SSTL_23.3V3.3V, LVTTL3.3V/2.5V/1.8V 

Density
8Mb64Mb512Mb4Gb32Mb2Gb256Mb1Gb16Mb128Mb 

Package
BGA
SOP
TSOP





 












System ICs
Memory ICs


System ICs Category
USB3.0 Flash Drive ControllersUSB 3.0 Host ControllerWebcam ControllerDepth Map Controllers 


Bandwidth PCIe Bandwidth
5 Gigabyte/s10 Gigabyte/s 

Bandwidth USB/ per port
1.25 Gigabyte/s2.5 Gigabyte/s 

SuperSpeed
up to 5Gb/sdoubled to output 10Gb/s 

Package Type
QFN
TQFP





NAND flash type
SLC
MLC
TLC


Maximum interleaving/ channel
2-way4-way8-way 

Package Type
QFN
LQFP





USB
2.03.0 

CMOS Sensor I/F
ParallelParallel x 2Parallel x 2 or MIPI x 2Parallel x 2 or MIPIx2 

Resolution
VGA~5M~Full HD 1080P x 1 / HD 720P x2~Full HD 1080P x 1/ HD 720P x 2~Full HD 1080P x 1/ HD 720P x 2 / Depth Map VGA (640x480) ~HD 720P/1.3M 

MJPEG
By-pass modeMax. to 1.3M 

3D Output
Yes
N/A


Application
3D Cam
WiFi Cam
NB Cam
PC Cam


Package Type
QFN
AQFP
LQFP





USB


CMOS Sensor I/F


Resolution


MJPEG


3D Output
Yes
N/A


Application
3D Cam
WiFi Cam
NB Cam
PC Cam


Package Type
QFN
AQFP
LQFP














Memory ICs





 KGDM


 Specialty DRAM


 
  Automotive DRAM



 




 Industrial DRAM




System ICs






 USB3.0 Host Controllers


Webcam Controllers








USB3.0 Flash Drive Controllers




 Depth Map Controllers




 








Business Contact



Quality







Where to Buy
Technical Support 


    - North America
                                         - Europe and Asia
 















VR Creating QF (CuteFigurine) by OK363 Based on ThingCapture® with Proprietary IC Software





 


Direct Transfer Game Play to Audience Everywhere by Using GamePtS (Play-to-Share)





 


Various USB3.1 Type-C Controller ICs





 


Body Measure eYs3D-6-Model Presenting APP UtailorURjean【Product Manual】 





 


Body Measure eYs3D-6-Model Presenting APP UtailorURjean





 


Financial News Channel EBC Interview - eYsGlobe





 









【USB Community@Computex 2017】eEver and Etron Announce the Highly Integrated USB PD3.0 Controller ICs - EJ899I with PD 3.0, DP Alternate Mode and 6: 4 MUX functions.Simplifying the system design, Facil- (2017-05-23)



【Computex 2017】eYs3D Microelectronics and Etron Technology Jointly Launch IC + Module for Cyber6d-Vision&SenseTM  Meet the Future of Computer Vision for Emerging VR/NR/AR, AI, Robot, Smart Car Applica- (2017-05-23)



【Computex 2017】【Compliant with Smart Car / Display Panel / IoT / Wearable Device Multiple Application】Etron releases 30 nm high bandwidth, effective energy-saving effects of buffered memory products; - (2017-05-23)











Etron Announces Revenue of June 2017- (2017-07-07)



Etron Announces Revenue of May 2017- (2017-06-09)



Etron Reports the Financial Results for the first Quarter of 2017 - (2017-05-10)







 
 

 

 






 






 


 


















 
 







 





















SupplyFX



MARKETS
COMPANIES




 Companies

Companies
People









Home
Log In

Sign Up



Menu




Update your browser
Your browser (Internet Explorer) is out of date.
Update your browser for more security, comfort and the best experience on this site.













Etron Technology, Inc.


Etron Technology, Inc. is a world-class fabless IC design and product company founded in February 1991, specializing in buffer memory and system-on-chips.



3375 Scott Blvd # 128, Santa Clara, CA 95054, United States




0Connections











Profile Navigation

About
Markets 2
Contact
Catalog
Company Website






 This is a community generated profile. If you would like to claim it, please
            
                contact us.
            
        




About
Our Company



As a leading manufacturer of buffer memories, Etron offers cutting-edge Known-Good-Die-Memory (KGDM) and Consumer Electronic DRAM (CEDRAM). Etron's full line of Buffer DRAM chips - available in densities ranging from 8Mb to 1Gb - is designed to ensure high processing speeds and low-power consumption for Consumer, Communication, Computer, and Car ( 4C ) applications. Moreover, Etron has developed many advanced system-on-chip (SOC) IC products, including USB3.0 host controller ICs, USB3.0 flash drive controller ICs, and 3D imaging and gesture-sensing integrated webcam controller ICs.





Markets
areas of proficiency




Microcontrollers and Processors
Memory







Company Type





Manufacturer




Choose Company Type




                    Distributor
                


                    EMS
                


                    Fabrication
                


                    Manufacturer
                


                    Services
                


Save
Cancel









Company Size




< 10


Choose Company Size



Select Team Size
< 10
11 - 30
31 - 50
51 >



Save
Cancel









Contact Info
get in touch





Location:
Other: 3375 Scott Blvd # 128, Santa Clara, CA 95054, United States











Companies at the same location







Micro Electronics Corporation
Micro Electronics Corporation , based in the heart of Silicon Valley , was established in 1975. We have been the distributor of Micro Electronics Ltd. products in the United States.









Sysorex Consulting, Inc.
Sysorex helps organizations derive real time value by combining data from both the digital and physical worlds. 









NxRev, Inc.
NxRev, Inc. is the largest PTC partner on the west coast, specializing in the sales and support of the entire suite of PTC software.









Comit Systems, Inc.
Comit Systems, Inc. is a full service Contract Engineering Company offering turnkey electronic engineering services from Specs to Products 



See all



Professionals at the same location







Amr Asem
R&D Engineer at siliconexpert









Ahmed Shehata
R&D Electronic Engineer at siliconexpert









Kyle Thomas
Design Engineer at ON Semiconductor









Mark Bajus
Director of Marketing Communications at SiTime



See all





This company profile is community-generated
To request ownership of the Etron Technology, Inc. profile, please submit a claim request below.

Claim request verification:

Your claim request will be approved upon verification of your relationship with Etron Technology, Inc.



Claim It



Thank you. We will review your claim request shortly.




Know the owner of this page? Invite them to join SupplyFX.
Owner's email address:




Invite



Thank you, your invitation has been sent./p>





Going up?

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Feedback?
Contact Us

All content Copyright © 2017, SupplyFrame, Inc.












Send Feedback
Your feedback means a lot to us so that we can provide services that meet your needs. Please send us a message below.



Contact Email:


Your feedback:



Submit
Cancel



Your message has been sent. Thank you for your feedback.













Send Request
Cancel







 








Etron Technology, Inc. (钰创科技) Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Etron Technology, Inc. (钰创科技)     







 


 Taiwan                
Etron Technology, Inc. (钰创科技)
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing 
Available in: English & Chinese
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                6, Tech. Rd. 5, Scienc-Based Ind. Park, Hsinchu, TW                                
                                Hsinchu County;                                Hsinchu County;                                Map 


Tel: 886-3-578
Fax: 886-3-577




Website:
http://www.etron.com 



 

Company Description                    




                        Etron is a world-class fabless IC design and product company of excellence. The company offers cutting-edge Known-Good-Die (KGD) and packaged ICs, which cover DDR DRAM, SDR DRAM, Low Power SDRAM, and system chips. Etron's premium quality integrated circuits are widely used in various emerging applications, such as storage device, display, handset, PDA, and multimedia device. As a publicly-traded company headquartered in Taiwan (ROSE:5351), Etron strives to bridge the borders between the Asia-Pacific region and the international marketplace. It conducts active business with companies in the US, Europe, Japan, as well as other Asian countries. Established in 1991, Etron pioneered Taiwan's National Sub-micron Project and helped develop Taiwan's first 8-inch wafer sub-micron technology, building a solid foundation for the DRAM and SRAM industries in Taiwan. The company's performance has been recognized through many awards over the years, including the §Industrial Technology Advancement Award¨ from the Economic Affairs Ministry in 1999 and the annual §Best Innovative Product Awards¨ from the Hsinchu Science Park consecutively through 2001 to 2003. Major customers with a prestigious status in the worldwide market have also honored Etron as their Preferred Quality Supplier. Etron has kept the flexibility, agility and product focus of a fabless IC company by establishing strong partnerships with leading foundries and companies having complementary skills from different specialty segments. It also actively upholds the attentive customer services of a fabless operation. With a deep knowledge in silicon technology and manufacturing, as well as quality management, Etron has overcome the weakness of traditional fabless companies.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 






Etron Technology, Inc. - Relationship Science
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Etron Technology, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Clients Financials Investments Suppliers



Etron Technology, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


1991




Headquarters


Hsinchu Science Park, No. 6 Keji 5th Road, Hsinchu, Taipei City 300 78




Type of Company



                                                                    Public
                                                            




Employees (Worldwide)


576




Industries


Semiconductors

Electrical Products




Company Description


Etron Technology, Inc. (Taiwan GTSM: 5351) is a world-class fabless IC design and product company founded in February 1991, specializing in buffer memory and system-on-chips. Etron pioneered Taiwan 's "National Sub-micron Project" and helped develop Taiwan 's first 8-inch wafer sub-micron technology, building a solid foundation for the DRAM and SRAM industries in Taiwan . As a publicly-traded company headquartered in Taiwan , Etron strives to bridge the borders between the Asia-Pacific region and the international marketplace. It conducts active business with companies in the US , Europe, Japan , as well as other Asian countries.

As a leading manufacturer of buffer memories, Etron offers cutting-edge Known-Good-Die-Memory (KGDM) and Consumer Electronic DRAM (CEDRAM). Etron's full line of Buffer DRAM chips - available in densities ranging from 8Mb to 1Gb - is designed to ensure high processing speeds and low-power consumption for Consumer, Communication, Computer, and Car ( 4C ) applications. Moreover, Etron has developed many advanced system-on-chip (SOC) IC products, including USB3.0 host controller ICs, USB3.0 flash drive controller ICs, and 3D imaging and gesture-sensing integrated webcam controller ICs.

In the new era of the “experience economy”, semiconductor products that support everything from cloud computing to digital convergence are particularly important. Etron Technology's IC products realize the dream of “eye-brain-nerve convergence + thumbs up"! Etron's buffer memory products act like brain memory, its USB3.0 host products are like nerves providing connectivity, and the webcam IC are like eyes supplying vision. Moreover, the flash drive – commonly known as a thumb drive – is now moving from the USB2.0 era to USB3.0. Etron's recently launched USB3.0 device controller ICs have established world records in terms of speed, adding a “thumbs up” to the coming information age of convenient, connected and portable 3C electronics.

Etron has maintained the flexibility, agility and product focus of a fabless IC company by establishing strong partnerships with leading foundries and companies with complementary skills from different specialty segments. It also actively upholds the attentive customer services of a fabless operation. Etron Technology has created a highly competitive product line in terms of both niche buffer memory solutions and next generation webcam controllers. In particular, the combination of increasingly ubiquitous USB3.0 host and device controllers makes more innovative and creative advanced IC products possible, especially in the 3D IC sector, offering a powerful tool to drive any company's growth.




Website


http://www.etron.com/






 In The News
          See more




Marketline Newswire
June 9, 2017





                        Etron Technology reports consolidated net sales for May 2017                    





Marketwire (Canada)
May 11, 2017





                        Etrion to Present First Quarter 2017 Results on May 15, 2017                     





Marketwire (Canada)
May 10, 2017





                        Etrion Releases First Quarter 2017 Results                     





Marketwire (Canada)
March 13, 2017





                        Etrion Releases 2016 Results                     





Marketwire (Canada)
March 8, 2017





                        Etrion to Release Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results on March 13, 2017                     







See full news coverage and complete stories with RelSci Professional.

Create Your News Feed








See  More 





 Executives & Employees



Chao Chun Lu

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Founder




Elvis Deng

President





Ben Wu

Corporate Vice President & General Manager, SIP Business Center




Bor-Doou Rong

Deputy General Manager





David Leu

Senior Vice President




Wan Ta Kan

Vice President





Chun Shiah

Vice President




Sam Shieh

Vice President





Mickey Ken

Vice President




Mao Sung Teng

General Manager & Director







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Chao Chun Lu

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & Founder at Etron Technology, Inc.




Ai Chen Wang

Independent Director at Etron Technology, Inc.





Elvis Deng

President at Etron Technology, Inc.




Wei-Qian Li

Director, Representing KAI-Jun Investment Corporation-WEI at Etron Technology, Inc.





Frank Chen

Director, Representing Chiu Chiang Investment Company LTD at Etron Technology, Inc.




Long Lin

Member, Board of Directors at Etron Technology, Inc.





Chia Ying Chen

Independent Director at Etron Technology, Inc.




Shih-Yi Chen

Chairman at Hong Tai Electric Industrial Co. Ltd.





Yung Lung Lin

Director at Etron Technology, Inc.




Mao Sung Teng

General Manager & Director at Etron Technology, Inc.







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Etron Technology, Inc.



                        Etron Technology, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Etron Technology, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Etron Technology, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    GuideTech, Inc. purchases Guide Technology, Inc. from Innotech Corp., Etron Technology, Inc., Cipio Partners GmbH, Ardentec Corp.                                                                      





 Clients



Companies ▾




Marubun Corp.


                                                                                     •  Tokyo, TY                                                                            

                                        Marubun Corp. engages in the semiconductors and electronic devices business from marketing to technology support. It operates through the following segments: Device and Systems. The Device segment offers semiconductors and parts such as general-purpose integrated circuit (IC), memory IC, and application-specific IC. The Systems segment provides equipment for the fields of aerospace, instrumentation, lasers, science, and medicine. The company was founded in 1844 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
                                    




Kyoei Sangyo Co., Ltd.


                                                                                     •  Tokyo, TY                                                                            

                                        Kyoei Sangyo Co., Ltd. engages in the development, production, and sale of electronic devices. Its operations are carried out through the following segments: Commercial, Information Technology (IT), and Manufacturing. The Commercial segment handles the sale of semiconductors, electronic devices, electronic materials, factory and environmental automation systems. The IT segment manages software and system development, and integrated circuit design. It also manages the production and sale of information system equipment, electronic equipment, and package software. The Manufacturing segment deals with the production and sale of printed circuit boards. The company was founded on October 6, 1947 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
                                    




Weikeng Industrial Co., Ltd.


                                                                                     •  Taipei, TP                                                                            

                                        Weikeng Industrial Co., Ltd. engages in the distribution of electronic components and peripheral in Asia Pacific. Its products include processors, microcontroller, computer chipset, liquid-crystal display television controller, networking chipset, flash memory, dynamic random-access memory, magnetic random-access memory, operational amplifier, comparator, converter, power supply, diode, transistor, floodgate class crystal, electro-optical crystal, programmable logic, sensor, passive, and sub-system and channel products. The company was founded on January 20, 1977 and is headquartered in Taipei, Taiwan.
                                    






See 3 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 3 More 


 


 Key Stats and Financials as of 2016



Market Capitalization


$5.44B




Total Enterprise Value


$7.01B




Earnings Per Share


$-0.94




Five Year Compounded Annual Growth Rate Of Revenue


1.59%




Three Year Compounded Annual Growth Rate Of Revenue


-1.12%




Debt TEV


0.4x




TEVNet Income


-17.17x




Enterprise Value Sales


1.08x




Total Equity


$4.13B




Total Debt


$2.8B




EBITDAMargin


-1.98%




EBITDA


$-128M




Net Profit


$-408M




Revenue


$6.48B






See financial details and more using RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Investments




 Details Hidden



Guide Technology, Inc.

                                    Since 1988, GuideTech has been the leading innovator of Continuous Time Interval Analysis (CTIA) instruments, delivering performance at over a thousand installations worldwide.Trusted by scientific organizations such as NASA, NIST, and the U.S. Naval Observatory, its products are in use today for timing such critical applications as GPS positioning and atomic clock monitoring.GuideTech's Femto Family of multi-channel measurement products are the fastest direct timing analysis systems available, and they are the only systems in the industry with a distributed CTIA architecture.Its products are quickly becoming the de facto standard on ATE platforms around the world due to their ability to dramatically reduce test time and improve the quality of critical timing test in semiconductor ATE environments.                                





 Suppliers



ChipMOS Technologies (Bermuda) Ltd.

                                     •  Semiconductors                                                                             •  Hsinchu, TP                                                                    

                                    ChipMOS Technologies (Bermuda) Ltd. operates as a holding company that engages in the research and development, manufacturing, assembly, and testing of semiconductors. It operates through the following segments: Testing, Assembly, Liquid Crystal Display (LCD), and Bumping. The firm also offers drop shipment and software development, conversion, and optimization program services. The company was founded on August 1, 2000 and is headquartered in Hsinchu, Taiwan.
                                






You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













