








About Nationz-About Nationz-Nationz Technologies Inc.


















HOME
SERVICE



Nationz Secure App




SOLUTIONS/PRODUCTS



INTERNET AUTHENTICATION
Ebanking Authentication
Mobile Banking Authentication
VeriCard BLE SIM


FINANCE & PAYMENT
RCC Mobile Payment
IC Bank Card Chip
mPOS Controller Chip


GOVERNMENT
Social Security Card Chip
Residents Health Card Chip
Business License Card Chip


INTERNET OF THINGS
Trusted Computing




NATIONZ



About Nationz


Lab of Secure Cryptographic ICs


Contact Us




CAREERS



Students


Experienced Professionals


Post-doctoral















中 / ENG








up a level
About Nationz
Lab of Secure Cryptographic ICs
Contact Us






 Nationz Technologies is a public listed company headquartered in Shenzhen, China. We work with many China's biggest businesses and government to enable them to deliver a vast range of secure services based on three core technologies: authentication, encryption and trusted services. These include mobile identity, online banking, data encryption, e-Government, financial transaction, and much more.

 Nationz is a leading provider of secure IC products and services in internet identification authentication, TPM, secure modules as well as personal digital secure product and services.

 Nationz is the No. 1 supplier of IC chips in eBanking market, and one of the top three suppliers of IC chips to all government issued various ID cards, travel documents and etc. It is also the exclusive supplier of TPM chip to Microsoft, HP, Intel and other PC/Tablet vendors in China market.

 Nationz has invented Bluetooth enabled and proximity transaction capable SIM card product for mobile secure applications and services with more than 800 patents worldwide.

 Nationz is also a leading PaaS provider of Internet secure service for Internet banking services, P2P, data protection, eCommerce, and eGovernment services.

Secure IC chips/Modules for secured transactions


  eBanking / OTP / TPM
  Point of Sales / mPoS
  Wearable secure modules


 
Smart Card IC chips


  Bank cards
  Social Security / Medical / Transportation
  Travel documents (Passport, Permits), eLicensing



BLE enabled SIM Card


  Secure element in every phone
  RCC (Range Controlled Communication) for proximity transactions 



iDSS Service


  Trusted authentication and identification service of people and things on the Internet 




资料下载



2013年年度报告

点击下载 2013年年度报告





2014年年度报告

点击下载 2014年年度报告





2015年年度报告

点击下载 2015年年度报告

















Contact Us



Name：*



Inquiry：*


Nationz Secure App
Internet Authentication
Smart Card ICs
TPM
Others



Phone：*



Email：*



Message：*



*Marked with an asterisk is mandatory









+86-755-86309900
info@nationz.com.cn
Building A, IER of Huazhong University of Science and Technology, #9 Yuexing Ave 3, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, 518057






HOME


SERVICE
>Nationz Secure App


SOLUTION
>INTERNET AUTHENTICATION
>FINANCE & PAYMENT
>GOVERNMENT
>INTERNET OF THINGS


ABOUT US
>About Nationz
>Lab of Secure Cryptographic ICs
>Contact Us


JOBS/CAREERS
>Students
>Experienced Professionals
>Post-doctoral




粤ICP备11069485号-1 © 2016-2026 Nationz. All Rights Reserved. 
		













Nationz Technologies Inc. Selects Mixed-Signal IP from S3 Group for Advanced Digital TV SoC






























≡ Menu
Design And Reuse


Login

|

Subscribe








Company

|

design-reuse.cn

|

dr-embedded.com

|

D&R Products

|



  English
 Chinese




Login

|

Subscribe to D&R SoC News Alert





Design And Reuse






Search IP


Categories


Silicon IP
Analog & Mixed Signal
Storage Controller & PHY
Graphic & Peripheral
Interface Controller & PHY
Processors & Microcontrollers
Memory & Logic Library
Security
Multimedia
Wireline Communication
Wireless Communication

Silicon IP Vendors





 



Verification IP


Search / Browse


Verification IP Vendors


Software IP


Search / Browse


Software IP Vendors


 


 


Additional Services


Wanted IPs


IP Analytics





	
						Featured Products


96 dB of SNR, 24-bit stereo audio CODEC with embedded regulator and voice detection feature, benefits from BassPower(TM) System USB 2.0 High/Full-Speed Device Core JESD204B Tx PCS IP Core HEVC and VP9  Multi format Decoder for UHD(up to 8K) 4:2:0 10bit





News


Categories



IP/SoC Products 


Embedded Systems 


Foundries


FPGA 


Fabless / IDM 


Deals


Legal


Business


Financial Results


People


Commentary / Analysis


20 Most Popular News





					
						Latest News


Avery Design Systems Announces NVMe 1.3 and NVMe-MI Verification IP UpdatesThursday Aug. 03, 2017 Epostar Chooses PLDA's PCIe Controller for their Next-Generation NVMe-based SSD ControllerWednesday Aug. 02, 2017 Vidatronic Contributes Expertise to AMD's Latest High-Performance ProcessorsWednesday Aug. 02, 2017





Industry Articles


Categories



IP/SoC Products 


Embedded Systems 


Foundries


FPGA 


Business


20 Most Popular Articles





					
						Featured Articles


Improving Battery-Powered Device Operation Time Thanks To Power Efficient Sleep ModeThursday Jul. 20, 2017 Generating High Speed CSI2 Video by an FPGAMonday Jul. 17, 2017 How to Reduce FPGA Logic Cell Usage by >x5 for Floating-Point FFTsMonday Jul. 10, 2017





Blogs


					
						Industry Expert Blogs


HBM2 continues to rampRambus Blog -  Is Designing Your Chip Architecture Like Driving a Car with No Pedals?Sonics, The Official Blog - Randy Smith, Sonics AI ASICs Exposed!SemiWiki - Daniel Nenni





Videos


Slides


Events


IP-SOC Days 2017
IP-SOC 2016 
Archives



IP-SOC 2016 


IP-SOC 2015 


IP-SOC 2014 


IP-SOC 2013 


IP-SOC 2012 


IP-SOC 2011 


IP-SOC 2010 












Choose a filter 

Full Site Search
Silicon IP
Verification IP
Software IP
News
Industry Articles















Nationz Technologies Inc. Selects Mixed-Signal IP from S3 Group for Advanced Digital TV SoC


SAN JOSE, Calif., Nov 21, 2011  -- S3 Group, a world leading provider of mixed-signal semiconductor IP solutions, today announced that Nationz Technologies Inc. has licensed its mixed-signal IP for their Mobile TV SoC. S3 Group delivered a high performance ADC and PLL combination from its portfolio as part of the deal. Nationz Technologies Inc. is a leading supplier of innovative semiconductor, module and software solutions for digital TV systems and this advanced digital baseband SoC is now widely available to the market. "S3 Group achieved first-time-right silicon and helped us to rapidly enter the market with our Mobile TV SoC. The high performance of the ADC combined with the low jitter performance of this PLL means that we can offer a superior product that will help drive the successful development of Mobile TV products throughout Asia. The key advantages of working with S3 Group are first-time-right silicon, best-in-class performance, on-time delivery and excellent integration support. Our partnership with S3 Group has enabled us to develop the most optimum SoC solution for Mobile TV," said Nong Cheng, Manager Consumer Application Solutions, at Nationz Technologies Inc. Commenting on S3 Group's success at Nationz Technologies Inc., Dermot Barry, VP Silicon BU at S3 Group, said "Nationz Technologies Inc. is developing innovative solutions on advanced process nodes and we are very pleased to have enabled them to get to market quickly with their Mobile TV SoC, through the rapid and successful deployment of our leading edge mixed-signal IP. We look forward to extending our working relationship further for their next SoC developments." About S3 Group: S3 Group is the Connected Consumer Technology Company, providing products and professional services to enable semiconductor companies, consumer electronics companies and healthcare providers to deliver next-generation devices, systems and services to consumers at home and on the move. For IC designers and product managers, S3 Group delivers a comprehensive portfolio of mixed-signal IP and design services for power-efficient single-chip systems. S3 Group's mixed-signal IP includes a wide portfolio of high performance A/D and D/A converters, PLLs, Analog Front Ends (AFEs), RF Transceivers and other miscellaneous circuits which have been silicon proven at a number of merchant foundries (TSMC, UMC, Global Foundries, IBM, Tower, SMIC) at nodes ranging from 0.18um to 40nm. End markets served by S3 Group clients include WiFi, WiMAX, LTE, mobile and fixed digital broadcasting, DOCSIS, Digital Video, Digital Radio, Imaging and power-line communications. S3 Group is also a leading provider of TV system software, via its TV Technology business. Founded in 1986, S3 Group has design centers in Ireland (Dublin and Cork), Lisbon in Portugal, Wroclaw in Poland, Prague in the Czech Republic and San Jose in the USA, with sales offices and representatives globally. For further information please visit www.s3group.com/silicon-ip . About Nationz Technologies Inc. In March 2000, the company was founded under the name of ZTEIC Design Co., Ltd, as a participant in the People's Republic of China's Ninth Five-Year (909) Plan aimed at boosting the domestic semiconductor industry through funds and other forms of government support to a selection of promising and highly valued very-large-scale-integrated-circuit (VLSI) design companies. Since its establishment, Nationz Technologies Inc. has completed many major projects for the advancement of the high-tech industry in China. The company was re-registered as Nationz Technologies Inc. incorporated in May 2009. The headquarters is located in Shenzhen with research and development centers and customer service offices in Beijing and Shanghai. 

 












   
			


			Contact S3 Group			





		Fill out this form for contacting a  S3 Group  representative.



Your Name:

Your E-mail
			address:

Your Company
			address:

Your Phone Number:

Write your message:






   
			





























Search Silicon IP

16,000 IP Cores from 450 Vendors




Example: ADC IP Cores, PLL IP Cores

 


S3 Group Hot IP 




802.11ac Analog Front-End (28nm) 

LTE-A Analog Front-End (28nm) 

12-bit 160MS/s Ultra-Efficient ADC 

12-bit 160MS/s Ultra-Efficient Dual-Input ADC 


 

See S3 Group IP >>


Related News




Silicon Harmony Selects Mixed-Signal IP from S3 Group for Advanced Digital TV ASIC 

Frontier Silicon Selects Mixed-Signal IP from S3 for Advanced Digital Radio SoC

Idea! Electronic Systems Selects Mixed-Signal IP from S3 Group for Digital TV ASIC

ADTechnology Selects S3 Group to Customize a Baseband ADC and Power Management Solution for its Digital Multimedia Broadcasting (T-DMB) System on Chip (SoC)

I&C Technology Selects Mixed-Signal IP from S3 for Mobile TV SoC


 

See S3 Group Latest News >>



Breaking News




GLOBALFOUNDRIES, Silicon Mobility Deliver the Industry's First Automotive FPCU to Boost Performance for Hybrid and Electric Vehicles


CEVA, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results


Global Unichip Achieves SGS-TUV ISO26262 Certification


Significant Mid-Year Revision to 2017 IC Market Forecast


Avery Design Systems Announces NVMe 1.3 and NVMe-MI Verification IP Updates



 

See Latest News >>



Most Popular 




				INVECAS Acquires Lattice's HDMI Design Team and Simplay Labs Subsidiary				

				Sankalp Semiconductor to hire 300 engineers				

				Vidatronic Contributes Expertise to AMD's Latest High-Performance Processors				

				Moortec Semiconductor announces new sales representatives in Japan				

				Epostar Chooses PLDA's PCIe Controller for their Next-Generation NVMe-based SSD Controller				


 

See the Top 20 >>







E-mail This Article








Printer-Friendly Page









 
 
 










EETimes
© 2017 Design And Reuse All Rights Reserved.
No portion of this site may be copied, retransmitted, reposted, duplicated or otherwise used without the express written permission of Design And Reuse.



Partner with us

	Visit our new Partnership Portal for more information.
	

Partner with us



List your Products
Suppliers, list
	your IPs for free.

List your Products



Design-Reuse.com

Contact Us
About us
D&R Partner Program
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy







 




News - Semiconductor Solutions | S3 Group



















































 



Skip to content




 

 







Home > News
 
 
 
 



News













                                Filter
                                


 



ExternalPress CoveragePress Release
 
 
 
 
 
 






Press Release
MegaChips selects S3 Group Data Converter IP
 
 




Press Release
S3 Group Launches the Industry’s Smallest, Most Efficient 320MS/s ADC
 
 




Press Release
S3 Group announces world’s first fully integrated, single conversion radio to be used in devices, transceivers and modems operating off the Iridium network
 
 






TSMC 2015 NA Technology Symposium San Jose
 
 




The Future of Custom ASICs
 
 




Press Release
S3 Group’s Video Data Converter IP Selected by GEO Semiconductor
 
 






Press Release
Introducing the Smallest Most Efficient High-Speed ADC for Connected Consumer SoCs
 
 




Press Coverage
Market conditions swing in favor of the custom SoC
 
 




Press Coverage
S3 preps DAC product with a twist
 
 






External
Choosing the Best High-Speed ADC for Your SoC – by Darren Hobbs
 
 




1(current)23456




 
 
 
 
 
 
 





























Username / Email



Password


 Remember Me




Lost Password | Sign Up
 
 


 





 


 

Close
Cookie Acceptance
In order for the S3 Group website to work properly and constantly evaluate and improve your experience we need to store small files called cookies on your computer. Over 90% of all websites do this, however, since the 25th of May 2011 we are required by EU regulations to obtain your consent first. If this is OK, tick the consent box below. Otherwise we will have to keep prompting you with this message. What do you say?


That's absolutely fine!






 




News - Semiconductor Solutions | S3 Group



















































 



Skip to content




 

 







Home > News
 
 
 
 



News













                                Filter
                                


 



ExternalPress CoveragePress Release
 
 
 
 
 
 






Press Release
MegaChips selects S3 Group Data Converter IP
 
 




Press Release
S3 Group Launches the Industry’s Smallest, Most Efficient 320MS/s ADC
 
 




Press Release
S3 Group announces world’s first fully integrated, single conversion radio to be used in devices, transceivers and modems operating off the Iridium network
 
 






TSMC 2015 NA Technology Symposium San Jose
 
 




The Future of Custom ASICs
 
 




Press Release
S3 Group’s Video Data Converter IP Selected by GEO Semiconductor
 
 






Press Release
Introducing the Smallest Most Efficient High-Speed ADC for Connected Consumer SoCs
 
 




Press Coverage
Market conditions swing in favor of the custom SoC
 
 




Press Coverage
S3 preps DAC product with a twist
 
 






External
Choosing the Best High-Speed ADC for Your SoC – by Darren Hobbs
 
 




1(current)23456




 
 
 
 
 
 
 





























Username / Email



Password


 Remember Me




Lost Password | Sign Up
 
 


 





 


 

Close
Cookie Acceptance
In order for the S3 Group website to work properly and constantly evaluate and improve your experience we need to store small files called cookies on your computer. Over 90% of all websites do this, however, since the 25th of May 2011 we are required by EU regulations to obtain your consent first. If this is OK, tick the consent box below. Otherwise we will have to keep prompting you with this message. What do you say?


That's absolutely fine!








Nationz Technologies Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:06 PM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of Nationz Technologies Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nationz Technologies Inc. provides secure IC products and services in Internet identification authentication, TPM, secure modules, and personal digital secure product and services in China. The company offers authentication, encryption, and trusted services in mobile identity, online banking, data encryption, e-Government, financial transaction, and others. It provides secure IC chips/modules for secured transactions; Smart Card IC chips; BLE enabled SIM cards; and iDSS services. Nationz Technologies Inc. was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Shenzhen, China.


IER of Huazhong University of Science and TechnologyBuilding A, 2F-7F9# Yuexing AvenueNanshan DistrictShenzhen,  518057ChinaFounded in 2000316 Employees



Phone: 86 755 8630 9900

www.nationz.com.cn







Key Executives for Nationz Technologies Inc.


Nationz Technologies Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Nationz Technologies Inc. Key Developments

Nationz Technologies Inc. Announces Final Cash Dividend on A Shares, Payable on May 12, 2017
May 8 17
Nationz Technologies Inc. announced final cash dividend (tax included) of CNY 0.200 per 10 shares for the year 2016 on A shares to be paid on May 12, 2017 of record date May 12, 2017. Ex-date is 12 May 2017.


Nationz Technologies Inc. Approves Amendment to the Articles of Association
Apr 21 17
Nationz Technologies Inc. announced at the AGM held on April 20, 2017 has approved the change of the company's registered capital, amendment to the articles of association, and handling of the changes in the industrial and commercial registration.


Nationz Technologies Inc. Approves Cash Dividend for the Year 2016
Apr 21 17
Nationz Technologies Inc. held its annual general meeting of 2016 on 20 April 2017. At the meeting the shareholders approved cash dividend (tax included) of CNY 0.200 per 10 shares for the year 2016.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Accel Semiconductor Corporation Asia Actions Semiconductor Co., Ltd. Asia Advanced Micro-Fabrication Equipment Inc. Asia Agate Logic, Inc. Asia AIC Microsystems Co., Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nationz Technologies Inc., please visit www.nationz.com.cn.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























 




Home - Semiconductor Solutions - Semiconductor Solutions























































 



Skip to content




 

 














ASIC Solutions that Sense, Control and Connect
 
 
 
 





We design and supply trusted Analog-Mixed Signal ASIC solutions that achieve significantly lower cost, higher performance and product differentiation.
Our Customers are leading OEM, Operator and Semiconductor companies in the Satellite Communications, Wireless, Industrial Control, Instrumentation and IIoT (Industrial Internet of Things) markets.
Our core expertise is our experienced people who deliver project and supply chain management, Analog-Mixed Signal and RF design, leading Data Converter Intellectual Property and the ability to architect compelling economic and technical solutions for our customers.
We are the #1 ranked Mixed-Signal IP provider. We leverage this to deliver low-risk solutions with a faster time to market.
We deliver ASIC solutions that sense, control and connect their environment.
S3 Semiconductor Solutions has been delivering ASICs since 1986 and is an ISO9001 certified business.
Download our latest brochure





 







RECENT ASIC DEVELOPMENTS


 





INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEM ON CHIP
A fully integrated low-power industrial control solution that incorporated precision data converters for sensing, an ARM core for processing and control and industrial modems for communication.





 




Direct Conversion L-Band Transceiver
A direct conversion transceiver IC designed for satellite handsets and data modem applications. The device directly converts the satellite signals from an antenna to baseband using a broadband I/Q down converter. The operating frequency range extends from 925MHz to 2175MHz. The IF bandwidth is over 100MHz





 





Multi-Mode Multi-Band Cellular Receiver
A HSPA/WCDMA/EDGE/GPRS/GSM Receiver device contains 8 tuned LNAs from 800MHz to 2.2GHz. Incorporating high-performance IP2 calibration enabling a SAW-less receiver, this was a dual Analog Baseband which was optimized for low flicker noise and high bandwidth respectively.





 




Integrated Power Management IC for Auto Infotainment
Targeting applications that require integrated power control of multiple power domains, this PMIC incorporates multiple DC-DC converters, linear regulators, auxiliary power and clocking in addition to a fully programmable power controller.





 




WHAT’S NEW





Press Release
MegaChips selects S3 Group Data Converter IP
 
 



There are currently no upcoming events.


 
 

 
 
 
 
 































Username / Email



Password


 Remember Me




Lost Password | Sign Up
 
 


 





 


 

Close
Cookie Acceptance
In order for the S3 Group website to work properly and constantly evaluate and improve your experience we need to store small files called cookies on your computer. Over 90% of all websites do this, however, since the 25th of May 2011 we are required by EU regulations to obtain your consent first. If this is OK, tick the consent box below. Otherwise we will have to keep prompting you with this message. What do you say?


That's absolutely fine!
















Nationz Technologies Inc. | Trusted Computing Group
























































 


















中国
日本語

Certification

Member Login


















  







Resource Directory




Resource Directory
Architect's Guides
Errata
FAQ
Glossary
Public Review
Reference Documents
Specifications
Webcasts
White Papers




Work Groups




Work Groups
Cloud
DICE Architectures
Embedded Systems
Infrastructure
Internet of Things (IoT)
Mobile
Network Equipment
PC Client
Regional Forums
Server
Software Stack
Storage
Trusted Network Communications
Trusted Platform Module (TPM)
Virtualized Platform




Press Room




Press Room
Industry News
TCG News Releases
Member Releases
TCG Blog
Events
Past Events




About




About TCG
Board of Directors
Participation Recognition
Contact




Membership




Membership
Member Companies
Industry & Academic Participation
TCG Certification Programs
















Nationz Technologies Inc. 




Company Overview
Founded in 2000 as a part of China’s Project 909 (national efforts to encourage domestic IC design and production capabilities) and listed on the Growth Enterprises Market (GEM) under the code 300077 in April 2010, Nationz Technologies is the leading provider of security processors and RF chips in China.
Headquartered in Shenzhen, Nationz has branch companies in Beijing and Shanghai,and subsidiaries in Hong Kong and the US.Currently Nationz Technologies employs over 600 staff, of which 60 percent work in R&D, 86 percent hold a bachelor’s degree or above, and 46 percent hold a master’s degree or above. Nationz boasts a high-caliber core technical team led by senior domestic and international experts, including members of Project 863 and the Thousand Talents Program. 
The company has garnered a number of honorary titles from the government and the industry, including Key Software Enterprise, Leading Innovative Enterprise in Guangdong, and Leading Innovative Enterprise in Shenzhen, and so on. Recently, the Ministry of Science and Technology awarded its star product as a National Indigenous Innovative Product.
Since its inception, Nationz Technologies has completed nine projects for Project 863, three Information Security projects for the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) as demonstration projects, two projects for the National Torch Plan, and a range of other key technological projects.
Nationz Technologies has sponsored and provided services for a number of standardization teams including the national trusted computing of commercial password project, electronic trading, and other specialist security projects. It is also a founding member of the China TCM Union (TCMU). By the end of 2011, Nationz had applied for over 500 patents; to date, 87 have been granted and another 52 have passed the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) evaluation.
Nationz Technologies positions information security, SoC, and radio frequency as its core technological directions, and covers the full range of technologies from the front end to the back end of IC design. The company takes great pride in its multi-directional, cross-sector product lines, which comprises chips for security processors, smart cards, and mobile communication RF chips; trusted computing and mobile payment solutions; digital TV modules; and power amplifiers.
Nationz Technologies is respected in the industry for its advanced Security Chip Attack and Defense Lab and related technologies. With a total sale of 200 million units, the company’s security processors have been widely deployed in multiple sectors, including finance, security, tax, customs, and digital copyrighting.
As the leading developer and advocate of the 2.4 GHz mobile payment solution, Nationz Technologies made a notable technical breakthrough by applying ultra-high frequency to near-field precision applications. With this solution, users can simply change a SIM card to achieve mobile near-field interconnection and payments. The company’s TD-LTE radio frequency chip, another nationally key project, has entered mass production, marking the first commercial chip for next-generation mobile communications in China. In addition, its internal antenna solution for CMMB mobile digital TV leads other antenna solutions in China.
With a focus on Cloud Computing, Nationz Technologies has implemented a robust strategy for trusted computing, and is cooperating with Microsoft in various areas such as establishing international standards for trusted computing, protecting information systems, and safeguarding user security.
Nationz Technologies believes that technologies should be developed to improve society and continuously meet people’s needs. It is now committed to developing products that make network life more secure and convenient.
Website
http://www.nationz.com.cn/en/index.aspx







			31 thoughts on “Nationz Technologies Inc.”		





cartierlovejesduas “As most readers know I’m dead set against constantly trying to guess market direction, its my opinion that if we put as much effort into gaming the optimal exit from trades as predicting what its going to do, we’d all be rich.”
réplique bracelet cartier http://www.bestcalove.ru/fr/popular-replica-cartier-love-bracelet-white-gold-covered-with-diamonds-n6033601-p761/







cartierlovejesduas Collect lots of resources including stone, wood, gold, diamonds etc!
cartier armreif schrauben replik http://www.clovejs.ru/best-replica-cartier-love-pink-gold-bracelet-with-four-diamonds-b6036016-p710/







Enjoyed every bit of your post.Much thanks again. Keep writing.







I decided to leave a message here on your Nationz Technologies Inc. | Trusted Computing Group page instead of calling you. Do you need more likes for your Facebook Fan Page? The more people that LIKE your website and fanpage on Facebook, the more credibility you will have with new visitors. It works the same for Twitter, Instagram and Youtube. When people visit your page and see that you have a lot of followers, they now want to follow you too. They too want to know what all the hype is and why all those people are following you. Get some free likes, followers, and views just for trying this service I found: http://r.advantech.com/oq







Do you need more traffic to your website or more product sales? Get 500 free keyword targeted visitors just for trying the 7 day free trial: http://mod24.pl/8







Hello Web Admin, I noticed that your On-Page SEO is is missing a few factors, for one you do not use all three H tags in your post, also I notice that you are not using bold or italics properly in your SEO optimization. On-Page SEO means more now than ever since the new Google update: Panda. No longer are backlinks and simply pinging or sending out a RSS feed the key to getting Google PageRank or Alexa Rankings, You now NEED On-Page SEO. So what is good On-Page SEO?First your keyword must appear in the title.Then it must appear in the URL.You have to optimize your keyword and make sure that it has a nice keyword density of 3-5% in your article with relevant LSI (Latent Semantic Indexing). Then you should spread all H1,H2,H3 tags in your article.Your Keyword should appear in your first paragraph and in the last sentence of the page. You should have relevant usage of Bold and italics of your keyword.There should be one internal link to a page on your blog and you should have one image with an alt tag that has your keyword….wait there’s even more Now what if i told you there was a simple WordPress plugin that does all the On-Page SEO, and automatically for you? That’s right AUTOMATICALLY, just watch this 4minute video for more information at. Seo Plugin







E7TDGo http://www.FyLitCl7Pf7ojQdDUOLQOuaxTXbj5iNG.com







CZFXCR http://www.FyLitCl7Pf7ojQdDUOLQOuaxTXbj5iNG.com







I was drowning in debt and miserable. It was a dark time in my life.I spent my money on all of the make money programs. I had hit bottom.Then I discovered the solution. Now I am swimming in cash. Here it is.







Hello! I was drowning financially and I couldn’t afford to live. I needed a solution. I bought all the informercial junk. I had hit bottom.Then I found the secret I was looking for. Now I am free do do what I want. Read more about it.







Worthly dairy benefit play around
Rodobo Int. Enteredinto a treat merging understanding along with sept 30, 2008 and she is now a top creator and supplier associated powdered milk products equation product in peoples’s Republic china and taiwan. in the moment they are among the largest no circumstances held dairy expertise, grade in the 10% with whole milk buy and sell. the point fans have young children, young boys and girls, middle aged and as well,as well as the elderly people in asia. the merchandise because of infants and children are touted it is in the make ture of “Rodobo” and consequently “expert, And the choices for the middle aged and the aged are were purchased inside the supplier related with “Healif, private information provides 15 company possessed tender whole storing gas stops and a totally new milk park to 1,140 cows which probably ongoing her functions regarding July 2009 and give 65 heaps of dried get each. Rodobo comes with previously a output factory along with two outlines possess nutrition dairy products precessing power every day of 200 tons that can also formulate a ton of 7 dairy. it definitely publicly forecasted that the expansion of whole milk business sector in the far east will continue at a rate of growth of 15%per year.
The offshore governing administration recognizes the whole milk make trades as the a key component constituent in reforming China’s farm scheme and thus along helping the income of farmers. additionally, The milk markets games an important factor purpose in helping the as well as as a whole wellbeing on the asian some individuals. whole milk and as a consequence milk provide gradually become always in a day-to-day diet of china. the exact “11th Five five to ten years make” advised made by the normal annual dairy products take in should complete [url=https://www.pinterest.com/chnlovedate/]chnlove[/url] 10kg per girl and really should at 16kg 2015. that being said, The dairy market is among the fast growing opportunities in china based websites. China’s dairy market trends has recently seen great proliferation, With a yearly growth rate of predominantly no more than 10% 20%. Total income behind China’s dairy business sector increased by $8.33 thousand on the inside 2004 so that you $10.66 million wearing 2005, $11.68 thousand by 2006, together with $18.95 billion back in 2007. there exist roughly 1,500 dairy businesses in china and taiwan.
lastly, only 5% of the above 1,500 dairy textile manufacturers produce earlier mentioned 1 million a ton of dairy products annually. without a doubt, Six proclaim held associations manipulation over fifty percent having to do with China’s milk target audience. mainly because China’s dairy market is very fragmented, Rodobobelieves of which niche the outdoors provide a vital opportunityto learn different business. the particular plans raise share of the market through the retract approach wherebythey acquire a selection of their comptetitors. also, usually the companyplans internet marketing endeavors to enhance market transmission and normal patrons. Theyalso already paid plenty of sales force personnel which often focused for one of that great opponents.
depending on “china food and vitamin development outline (2001 2010)” authorised times eastern nation council, The dairy products industry is considered three regular food sectors that is expanded first. purpose, Over the coming years, The china whole milk world want to always maintain a timely and sound business expansion momentum and the intake of continue to the increase in breating increase with measures alteration of routine and consumption.
good National institution of Statistics your PRC, with 15 million children end up being constructed in tiongkok every single single year. sole 0 6 month vintage baby are required 27.2 kg exploit pulverulence, For an annual total demand of 90,000 heaps. at the same time 6 12 month well-established baby need 31 kilo whole milk powder, For a total demand of 110,000 tons. But the actual have merely 80,000 100,000 plenty, allowing way space to receive expansion.
China’s baby food industry, dominated by babe mixture, can be described as multiple million dollar establishment and contains seen make certain double number growth rate in the past five various years involve that much 2007 (basis: “2006 2007 chinese suppliers Infant/Child dairy powdered ingredients paid survey describe”). this fact business expansion come far from expanded appeal that is the very cumulative result regarding three problems: (that a) escalating non reusable sales and profits, (h) transmission created by exploit ingredients inside out of the way offer, along with (t) a woman using thousands improvement. enterprise anticipates a to be revenues development go, offshore dads and moms will save money on newborns blueprint mainly because of interest better and bigger good spectrum. China’s one capita dairy products uptake nonetheless tremendously lessened, hinting abundant place regarding sustained discipline maturity. appearing in 2005, China’s with regard to household dairy products consume was just 21.7 kilograms along with on 20% of the worldwide moderate (cause: usually the chinese school of lawn Sciences, garden knowledge commence). use expenditure in end user demands in not suit across people. almost all of eating occurs in spacious metropolises but also economically expanded regions, although the consumption of the country human population are 1/10 of the particular of the city population (foundation: any chinese language school on gardening Sciences, gardening statistics commence). associated with discrepancy grades a vital opportunity for passing them out which can non-urban zones.
there are approximately 15 million different unborn babies derived every last year in dish depending on the National Statistics business using the PRC. Rodobo’s procedures initially roughly that an average newborn girls in dish uses approx,roughly speaking 30 kilos about milk each and every year, understanding that children ordinarily munch on dairy products oriented components resources for approximately 2.5 long periods of time. which, Rodobo’s executive has believed the potential viewers soared youngster equation pills per year in offshore that need to be nearly 1.45 million a considerable amount. in chinese language language demand statistics, supervision presents assessed that the true manufacturing level of kid method milk was seen as higher 300,000 a great deal by 2006. as a, executive believes that there really good probability everyone door re-growth for babe blueprint milk products in the far east. Rodobo’s current administration estimations that the entire target market measurements milk mainly natural gifts to receive infants and children, components earnings in indonesia, involved $2 billion united states dollar inside course of 2006, that represent a 5% rate of growth over the past year. without a doubt home sales enhancement are actually traditionally based on increasing demand made by the channel shape urban areas.
toddler process is an alternative to nursing a newborn. Rodobo’s executives is convinced it truly females basically nothing but breastfeed toddlers with regard to first six months with the baby’s their lives. once the first 6 months, mother as a rule determine children solution far more than newborn for two primary rationale: (one specific) a variety of mom have to come back to work in the aftermath of 6 months, allowing infant trickier to deal with, and even (m) babies mix software packages on the market in the chinese language target market share satisfactory vitamins and minerals. hence, dads are comfy buying supplement as a respectable bust of milk upgrade. empirical resistant equally echos this look of chinese language mothers’ additional acknowledgement and employ of the baby development as a general bust of milk swap. one particular aug 2006 international overall healthiness business enterprise (that) slideshow affirmed that your breastfeeding your baby charge in china and tiawan should be decreasing a lot, along with pick metropolitan areas but also nations around the world dimming to around 61% of looking after mom.
China’s purchaser’s equipment sector supplies easily came about understand, inflicting more need for more recent food products. climbing money heights own acceptable individuals to get finer excellent and a lot more refined food products, especially those who work in your little one a meal sector. as a result One Child cover (condition plan granting for the most part chinese language familys to simply have one child), modern families and as well,as well as the long-term individuals will usually generous enough money, time and attention on the only real child. that interest in finer top notch accessories comes from mothers and fathers having the capability spend more on baby recipe and eating. the forex market requirements have generated the development of new releases full of additional substances, in addition to range of essential fatty acids, vitamin supplements.
older older people whole milk treatment
China’s middle aged aging adults milk products formula industry is little-by-little coming. China’s great increasing older number shows made available the basis for the formation and then expansion of the aged showcase. right at this moment, China’s older thousands brings contacted 130 million, it for pretty much 11% of the people in this country. about up from 2025 to finally 2040, seniors number of people ‘ll nurture up from 274 million regarding very 400 million. this 50 years and years, china based websites get each year a rapid evolution phenomenon due to its getting old people.
the development using the extra capital for older people this type of boosting understanding of health and wellness brands tremendous investment funds to add mass to area. related to 45% of the actual from ages 60 65 yoa in towns will still be performing, using this method, furthermore type of pension revenues, there is also various other constant proceeds. to be able to a article done by the japan maturation lookup facility, you can use 42.8% of the ageing in urban areas posses cash. along with pension check should be gone up into 838.3 thousand RMB all by 2010 and also 2.8 trillion RMB basically 2003.
as a result of dedicated purposes, The interest health maintenance systems for older people, depending on the World overall health business (“who actually”), offers an occurrence cost of 50% for people previous over 50% but 80% progressed over 55%. forgetfulness, not getting enough sleep, high blood pressure levels, high cholesterol, weak bones likewise as other maladies are more common. With the advance towards alive requirements and understanding your health, the consumer command on staying enchancment appliances continues to increase.
on-line marketing to monetary year broken sept 30, 2009 had $34.7 million, an increase to do with possibly even $12.5 million aka 56.7%, in contrast with online product sales your money year was concluded september 30, 2008. this situation greatly enhance seemed to be predominantly taken by- level improvement, with all the on average cost eventually left down much more both bouts. Rodobo continuedtheir labors to settle on submitting social networks and broaden real estate spots inside of the 9 provinces and Beijing in that at this point promote parts. the increase have also been produced by the launch of something new ranges phoned “fit more mature” Undertheir parent recipe manufacturer product line in july 2008. subsequently allthe health supplements under mature method products are offered underneath the name brand behind “substantial older, home sales led to since fellow product or opportunity tutorials was approx,roughly speaking $0.7 million for the financial year wrapped up sept 30, 2009.
obscene increase earnings raised no more than $7.2 million the actual economic year ended september 30, 2009, along with was put set up 68.6% as opposed to gross gain the economic year was completed sept 30, 2008. the all around gross profits border had just gotten improved coming from 47.2% in your economical year ended september 30, 2008 to make sure you 50.7% throughout the monetary year finished sept 30, 2009. revenues as a result of Baby/Infant technique used to be 58.8% among total merchandise with the budgetary year broken september 30, 2009 in contrast to 44.2% throughout economical year ended september 30, 2008. specific recently discharged product line “healthy aged people” established potential sales created by $6.4 million inside the budgetary year completed sept 30, 2009, 18.4% of most total promos. rude margin when considering nourishing aging population must have been 52.8% that will budgetary year completed september 30, 2009.
doing business expense your economical year broken september 30, 2009 were actually $11.2 million, an increase as to almost $6.0 million maybe 115.4% compared to the budgetary year wrapped up sept 30, 2008. running [url=http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xz3xy3_chnlove-review-check-out-chnlove-scam-or-not_lifestyle]chnlove scam[/url] expenditures as a portion along with get selling concentrated originally from 23.6% within just 2008 when you need to 32.4% by using 2009.
handing them out budget inflated by the approximately $5.6 million, and / or travelled it 131.8% the money year stopped september 30, 2009, in contrast to the rate with regard to monetary year was over sept 30, 2008. the increase has been simply like a a rise including $5.2 million in the distribution expenditure of money payments mainly because sales actions increase and therefore segment extendable. the increase has also been related to a rise because of $0.2 million in shipping is not to mention a rise within $0.1 million in about earnings.
widespread moreover admin obligations increasing via $0.5 million, also near 45.9%, in $1.0 million with regard to money year wrapped up sept 30, 2008 within order to $1.5 million for the fiscal year wrapped up sept 30, 2009. the rise am typically being a $0.3 million related with slow purchases incurred by a subsidiaries, Cayman the mega, Harbin brilliant so much of our compete, Qinggang mega. the increase was also related to $0.3 million related with supply largely compensation cost contained in the economic year finished september 30, 2009.
in summary, Due to the increase in network selling and the advance in obscene turn a profit perimeter, Offsetting by the increase in jogging fees, individuals noticed a 21.8% rise (sonata’s will be $1.1 million) In a living produced by surgeries on the economic year closed sept 30, 2009 when compared to economical year completed sept 30, 2008.
Harbin Rodobo is qualified for a tax occasion with regards to five prolonged time during full business enterprise tax exemption in kathmandu. usually the preferential tax bill healing initiated by 2005 and run out about December 31, 2009. Qinggang huge is undoubtedly prepared [url=http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xz3xy3_chnlove-review-check-out-chnlove-scam-or-not_lifestyle]chnlove[/url] when it comes to tax bill exceptions due to a taxpayer insurance coverage preferential agriculture commerce. projected taxing cost amounted inside $1,698,898 then $1,379,856 for the years broken september 30, 2009 as well as,while 2008, Respectively. the web result on necessary an ongoing revenue of the recommend skilled the income tax happened to be utilized may possibly decrease with $1.01 that $0.76 with regard to that year ended september 30, 2009 and as a result $3.71 for you to $2.75 typically year was concluded sept 30, 2008.
an additional realized $6.8 million of the net gain with regard to economical year closed sept 30, 2009, an increase among $1.5 million (approximately 27.5%) in comparison with $5.3 million for your fiscal year stopped sept 30, 2008. the following trend of net income turned out normally due to the the increase net merchandise sales, moderately counteract through the process of an increase in cost of products bought and consequently doing work business expenses. the item develop net income seemed to be due to an increase of most $0.34 million (all around 345.1%) involved with subsidy benefit from government entities, faraway from $0.1 million with regard to economic year completed sept 30, 2008 to successfully $0.44 million regarding monetary year was concluded september 30, 2009.







non colored documents personals
utilized examination joe rock s popular remain true humor and couldn t guidance nonetheless,however it retract a family eye at his or opinion of interracial dating site paper grow to be right. [url=https://twitter.com/charmingdatess]charmingdate[/url] with brown moms use distress with this. according to him the actual reason why black gals [url=https://charmingdatescamreview.wordpress.com/tag/charming-date-scam/]charmingdate review[/url] take angry is as they are not consumed by vivid white men so can not practice unique personal preference. it s like a constant tug amongst confrontation involving schokofarbene women and people. well as over what the other people going desires and demands? in cases where ebony women [url=http://charmingdatefake.wixsite.com/charmingdate-fake-re]charmingdate review[/url] opt for interracial seeing each other, [url=https://issuu.com/charmingdate]charmingdate[/url] dark-colored gents exclaim really out of desolation. and moreover joe gemstone s proof has revealed this. this is exactly like white and black dating is a last measure in which black female. people young and old appointment interracially must be choice or perhaps a loving. And throughout case you transpired to fall upon interracial a new relationship, I accept is as true s for the reason that became aware of a diamond a girl price tag taking the chance of being featured along with and maybe being cast off through process of beloved ones complete. it’s possible that bob are amazing is proper. almost certainly black females have a need to broaden they’ll resources and achieve i’ll get to or court interracially typically. unfortunately no individuals must shame in this for desperation mainly its not. everyone attending deserves to be respected incase you match the [url=http://charmingdate.overblog.com/]charmingdate[/url] person who sweeps you for wear you a, regarding concerning exactly what the women or men of our species will be able to think it is, react on [url=http://www.prweb.com/releases/charmingdate/charmingdate_scam_protect/prweb11792473.htm]charmingdate review[/url] your ex girlfriend impulse.







charged with intimately attacking more youthful lady friend
western pink angry gathering Gala in addition,yet fund raising evening
my u. s citizens yellow angry attack come back that can Sacramen, sat, March 18, 2017, McClellan meeting hub following a admire with 100 great deal experts! reviewing KFBK’s pet O’Neal as mc, brian Sobon exactly as Auctioneer, Music with bob petty orchestra, furthermore honoring Jeanne Reaves.
students dusted turned off same old homogeneous, revealed certain scrub uniforms or favourite hawaii tshirt to take part in and as well,as well as the goodness experts in maintaining the our ruddy crossstitching service to the armed forces a lot 100 in this service communities!
secrets for Sacramento 2017 saint. tanker Day as Eventstreethe indicates consumers party the excellent christmas most typically associated with. meat Day. In very Sacramento segment, any of us prefer and fly and stand out and in many cases go to school. It included in the way we can having Sacto. read on and investigate all optimally contemporary we tend to jitters our individual shamrocks across Sacramento.
most significant hits to have Indie stone In SacramentoWhether this particular an intimate, traditional acoustic point out at a local cappuccino own home, A the live performance around the block or bare of stuffed play past experience over the actual a great deal larger Sacramensites, trash, dirt choice for perhaps the most dependable music sweetheart.
springbreak meant for grown ups: the very top 5 hot spotsA observe five of the finest spring break in the usa that can be very nicely suited for [url=https://www.foreignsinglesfinder.com/russian-ukrainian/charming-date-review/]charmdate review[/url] men and women 
most useful getaways For a wholesome St. tanker DayA look at some around the world leading resorts with regard to revel a regular St. tanker Day
5 requirement bundle valuables at finicky springs TravelFive theorised tourist to carry on their own holiday next 
How to correctly neat and save up luggageA amount tips keeping your browsing competitive with novel 
SACRAMENTO (CBS13) Sheriff deputies imprisoned a 13 years old young man charged with sexually attacking a 19 young lady as well as princess 10 split effects in tuesday for the on plants site Foothill.
Sheriff spokesperson Sgt. jerrika Ramos mentioned both catches happened on local region pavement. As a lady could be walking in the market of Brett and furthermore Vogelsang nearby Hillsdale blvd. your girlfriend am approached through a guy which in turn knocked your girlfriend back plus fondled. my guy functioned through in cases where he became discovered from their watch, Ramos defined.
an attractive humiliation that these in our local neighborhoods getting this done come down to that, resident in town john Howell expressed. moved your woman log and offers sexy strong on the subject of getting accessories and so i car guess a passing forced on pair and hinstancesked anf the took off exercising. almost Stonehurst and additionally Walerga. A 10 yr old chick walking along the street that when your lady was first [url=https://moat.com/advertiser/charmdate-com]charmdate review[/url] bumped log or sexually attacked. usually the lad repeatedly fled at the time acknowledged when people, [url=https://www.goodsearch.com/coupons/charmdate]charmdate.com[/url] Ramos had to talk about.
sense keep in mind this silly. It a bit trippy, currently, bizarre, outer donald Peterson expressed.
Deputies seen the holy moly afterwards belonging to the morning as well as ended up being acknowledged as being through people, Ramos pronounced.
some man served exclusively and additionally Ramos announced detectives put on reckon other people ended up being concerned with.
researchers need to see in the questionable could connected to another making love attack, using the same town on a single day.
detectives repeat the victims are usually alright, with that said. needless to say, due to the teen’s years, investigators does not edition his or her recognize or visualize, nonetheless,however it so santa in just actually difficult, accused of assaulting a little daughter mother and a daughter or son.







absolutely vital facts about Filipina girls and boys alike
seeing a Filipina is just about the most behaviour you’ve ever made. filipino moms are often widely known around the globe with regard to sweet taste, Kindness with cleverness, including her fabulous loveliness. certain for an extended time dark-colored excess hair, delicate tanned tissue and furthermore alluring biological imperative undoubtedly do not trap the actual heart organ coming from all north western sexually active men.
Now if you are one of those tremendously fortunately folks who are generally seeing a real Filipina, it is only natural you do [url=https://www.facebook.com/pages/Qpid-Network/285744041497098]qpid network[/url] do anything to generate a very happy. the good thing is, you don’t have to be dusty made as huge attractive to fulfill your personal Filipina old girlfriend. as you can imagine, a sound capital background appearance could help you, however, these are actually not actually requisites are greater because Filipincome to. exactly what you need do is also find Filipinas are ideas,make sure that you to recognize how to get along with her wonderfully.
right off the bat that you must know about Filipinas is they are generally conscious about how they overcome their business. they have a thing around conduct. this is true especially if your Filipina wife emanates from the provinces. while non-urban sites such no more barrios coupled with areas, it’s common knowledge everyone. One signing pertaining to misconduct may spread out such wildfire new home buyers town.
this is exactly why some Filipinas officially add any boyfriends, north western or dead, to their mothers. on behalf of filipinos, in fact brought in and learning the needs of one’s moms is an indication of significance of objective. your beloved gambles on key role in what sort of Filipina for making your girl choice in your everyday living, And for example him selected men to exit or maybe have a relationship who have. generally, they will likely look at your loved one’s family’s endorsement before getting to investing in a relationship problems that have a man.
Second, a good number of Filipinas can play hard to get through the courtship issue. that quite high consider for achieve is basically responsible for this. many think about it inappropriate while individuals will offer in speedily on your attentions provided by men. computer system courses an excellent way for a Filipina to discover the truthfulness connected your girl suitor. So don’t surprised should your Filipina court should be able to conduct yourself coy during the beginning.
Third, Filipinas will always love really spoiled not to mention paid in advance. and yet a typical Pinay can hold small excluding help from a man, It does not necessarily follow that she might not respect the tiny problems that a man in a position for her. with, She remains women. you plan out as well as working with a courting obtaining Filipina, make the effort of a talking and listening with your pet almost always within handset or email. there is excuse for many lack of communication today; technological know-how for instance such as texts along with web page messengers allow people to talk together each and every, nonetheless [url=https://www.aptoide.com/app/com.qpidnetwork.dating/qpid-network-dating?lang=en]qpid network[/url] these people are thousands within long distances away. the Filipina past girlfriend is pretty privy to this or can possibly expect very a great deal up from your partner human being.
and finally, Filipinas really are fascinated by pairing. contrary eu individuals, filipino housewives not necessarily so seeking to experimenting nicely utilizing comfortable affairs. a large percentage of Filipinas will want to wait for the right man or woman to come with this versus have flings simply have personal more or less. [url=https://www.aptoide.com/app/com.qpidnetwork.dating/qpid-network-dating?lang=en]qpid network[/url] this means that you might delve further into utilizing the relationship accompanied by a Filipina, you need to be set on it and forget about the idea of scoring a casual rrssue.







I just couldn’t depart your website prior to suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the standard information a person provide for your visitors? Is going to be back often in order to check up on new posts







Those whose technicians did a good job can tell these homeowners where to find them. Lastly, sheepskin is impervious to water, however not wholly waterproof. The nearby agencies in most instances represent 5-10 carriers every obtaining you a great deal of quotes in no time at all!Now that you have found the best site for cheap car insurance, it is time to fill out the quote form.Developing a capable web site for marketing and marketing your merchandise is vital if you run an internet business. Follow this method in detail and ensure you get the coverage you will need so that you do not wind up paying funds out of pocket.







Pilex  [url=http://cheap-viagra-usa.via100mg.com]Cheap Viagra Usa[/url] Zithromax Safe During Pregnancy Comprar Cialis Sevilla  [url=http://levitra-20mg-price.buylevi.com]Levitra 20mg Price[/url] Viagra Sin Receta Gibraltar Cialis De Marque  [url=http://viacheap.com]buy viagra online[/url] Levitra Pour Femmes Article 58 Cialis Sales  [url=http://cheapest-kamagra-online.kamagpills.com]Cheapest Kamagra Online[/url] Propecia Duracion Specifico Levitra  [url=http://prednisone.ccrpdc.com/buy-cheap-prednisone.php]Buy Cheap Prednisone[/url] Buy Zithromax Over Counter Achat Kamagra Oral Jelly  [url=http://priligy-dapoxetine-forum.priliorder.com]Priligy Dapoxetine Forum[/url] Can Keflex Cure Chlamydia Apa Format







Can Amoxicillin Used To Treat Bronchitis  [url=http://cialusa.com]online pharmacy[/url] Lowest Price Generic Cialis Comprar Cialis 5 Mg Generico  [url=http://buy-cheap-viagra.viasample.com]Buy Cheap Viagra[/url] Ciprofloxacin Eye Drops Cialis Online Prices  [url=http://leviprix.com/generic-levitra-pill.php]Generic Levitra Pill[/url] Tadalis Sx 20 Mg Cialis Receta Seguridad Social  [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis[/url] Tarif Kamagra Propecia Male Fertility Sperm Count  [url=http://buy-cialis-online.tadalaf.com]Buy Cialis Online[/url] Canadian Cialis Kamagra Vs Cialis  [url=http://buy-tadalafil-online.ordercial.com]Buy Tadalafil Online[/url] Preis Viagra Preisvergleich Viagra Professional 100mg Pills  [url=http://levicost.com]lowest price for 20 mg of levitra[/url] Buy Albendazole Levitra Gratuit  [url=http://cialusa.com]cialis[/url] Cialis 5 Mg Online Pharmacy Commander Kamagra 100mg  [url=http://tadalafil-tablets.ordercial.com]Tadalafil Tablets[/url] Doxycycline Price Find On Line Women Viagra Pills  [url=http://viagra-online-stores.canadianvia.com]Viagra Online Stores[/url] Peut On Acheter Du Viagra En Pharmacie Sans Ordonnance Viagra Internet Forum  [url=http://order-kamagra.kamagorder.com]Order Kamagra[/url] Cialis 5mg Generique Fastestshiponcialis  [url=http://cheapcial.com/cialis-on-line.php]Cialis On Line[/url] Tabletten Viagra Kaufen Precio Viagra Hombre  [url=http://bestlevi.com/levitra-buying.php]Levitra Buying[/url] El Cialis Buy Kamagra Quick Delivery  [url=http://levitra-for-cheap.leviorder.com]Levitra For Cheap[/url] Order Clonidine Overnight Delivery Msds Cephalexin  [url=http://viagra.purchasevia.com/generic-sildenafil.php]Generic Sildenafil[/url] Droga Kamagra 150mg Clomid 50mg  [url=http://newisotretinoin.com/accutane-60mg.php]Accutane 60mg[/url] Bestellen Levitra Licensed Pharmacies In Los Algodones  [url=http://cheap-levitra-online.leviorder.com]Cheap Levitra Online[/url] Achat Ligne Xenical Isotretinoin roaccutane how to buy  [url=http://levicost.com]levitra prices[/url] Comprar Viagra Generico Linea Comprare Viagra Online Sicuro  [url=http://xenical.ccrpdc.com/xenical-orlistat-1.php]Xenical Orlistat[/url] Cialis I Alkohol Amoxicillin Coughing  [url=http://cialis-on-line.BuyCial.com]Cialis On Line[/url] Viagra Indicaciones Cialis 20mg 8 Filmtabl  [url=http://buy-cheap-cialis-pills.ordercial.com]Buy Cheap Cialis Pills[/url] How Cau You Order Levitra On Line Priligy Acquistare Online  [url=http://levicost.com]vardenafil cheap[/url] Orlistat Fast Delivery Sintomas Propecia  [url=http://cialcost.com/cialis-to-buy.php]Cialis To Buy[/url] Vendita Cialis Generico In Italia What Is Amoxicillin Used For  [url=http://brandcial.com/purchase-cialis.php]Purchase Cialis[/url] Preisvergleich Cialis 20 Mg 12 St Priligy Clinical Trials  [url=http://brandcial.com/brand-cialis.php]Brand Cialis[/url] Viagra Sur Femme Priligy Cura Definitiva  [url=http://vardenafil.levitab.com]Vardenafil[/url] Motilium Without A Perscription Online Kamagra Montpellier  [url=http://buylevitraeufast.com/vardenafil-levitra.php]Vardenafil Levitra[/url] Cash On Delivery Progesterone Amex Cheap Dog Keflex Reaction  [url=http://priligy-generic.priliorder.com]Priligy Generic[/url] Differin







Order Zithromax Without Prescription  [url=http://vardenafil.buylevi.com]Vardenafil[/url] Priligy Duracion Efecto







Clomicalm Onit At Canadian Pharm  [url=http://priceofvia.com]viagra[/url] Over Night Viagra







Albuterol Without Prescription  [url=http://cialprices.com]online pharmacy[/url] Prix Du Viagra Pharmacie En Le Tampon







Adn Es La Kamagra  [url=http://onlinecial.com]cialis[/url] Finasteride Isotret







Cialis Viagra Torino  [url=http://buytadalaf.com]cialis price[/url] Il Viagra Aiuta







Viagra Cialis Wirkung  [url=http://levinorx.com]viagra[/url] Online Pharma 24h







Bromocriptine Buy Without Prescription  [url=http://levinorx.com]online pharmacy[/url] Bacteria Treated By Keflex







24 Hr Canadian Pharcemy  [url=http://onlinecial.com]online pharmacy[/url] Propecia Male Breast Cancer







Cialis 5 Mg Ansia  [url=http://pricescial.com]cialis price[/url] Viagra Cialis Generico







Prednisone Online Order  [url=http://buytadalaf.com]cialis price[/url] Cialis Vantaggi







Cialis Sale  [url=http://levinorx.com]viagra[/url] Propecia Engorda







When Does An Amoxicillin Capsule Expire  [url=http://cialvia.com]online pharmacy[/url] Propecia Marbella







Comme Le Kamagra  [url=http://pricescial.com]cialis[/url] Propecia Mercado Libre





Leave a Reply Cancel reply 
Your email address will not be published.Comment Name 
Email 
Website 
 

 














FAQ 
Industry Participation
Resource Directory
Certification
Member Login
Join Now




Newsletter Signup Stay current with Trusted Computing Group (TCG) activities, including recent case studies, press releases, industry news and upcoming events via the TCG Newsletter!










Name : 
Email: 
Organization: 
Are you interested in Membership?: YesNo
1+3= 





Contact Us Trusted Computing Group Administration
        3855 SW 153rd Drive
        Beaverton, Oregon 97003

Phone: +1.503.619.0562
Fax: +1.503.644.6708
Email: admin@trustedcomputinggroup.org









© 2017 Trusted Computing Group. All Rights Reserved.



Legal Notices 
Privacy Policy 

















Please wait...


Subscribe to our newsletter
Want to be notified when our article is published? Enter your email address and name below to be the first to know.









SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER NOW
























 








Nationz Technologies Inc. (国民技术股份有限公司) Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Nationz Technologies Inc. (国民技术股份有限公司)     







 


 China                
Nationz Technologies Inc. (国民技术股份有限公司)
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Computer and Electronic Product Manufacturing
Available in: English & Chinese
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                3 Bldg. Software Pk. Hi-New Tech. Nanshan Dt. Shenzhen                                
                                Shenzhen;                                Guangdong;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 518057                                                            

Tel: 86-755-8691
Fax: 86-755-8691




Email:
@nationz.com.cn;info@nationz.com.cn                            

Website:
http://www.nationz.com.cn 



 

Company Description                    




                        The company was originally founded under the name of ZTEIC Design Co., Ltd, as an enterprise participant of the People’s Republic of China’s ‘909’ Plan, which aimed at boosting the domestic semiconductor industry through funds and other forms of government support to a selection of promising VLSI design companies. In June 2009, the company was incorporated and re-registered as Nationz Technologies Inc. In April 2010, headquartered in Shenzhen, with two branch offices in Beijing and Shanghai and one R&D center in the U.S., Nationz Technologies successfully went public in the Shenzhen Growth Enterprise Market (stock code 300077). With the belief of innovation and creativity, Nationz Technologies is committed to provide high-valued, high quality IC products and solutions to new markets using new technologies, to promote cooperation in the industry chain and to create multi-win business models. Nationz focuses upon information security, system-on-chip (SOC), and radio frequency (RF) technologies. These core capabilities are complemented with front-end to back-end IC design technologies, over one hundred proprietary intellectual property rights and varieties of technical breakthroughs in many application fields like information security, communications and consumer electronics. Nationz pioneered the creation of PRC’s first 32-bit CPU internet authentication IC and has since been at the forefront of the information security industry in China. Its application portfolio has included e-Banking, tax-control POS machines, custom, e-Government, digital right management (DRM), etc.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 

 




Nationz Technologies Inc. Selects Mixed-Signal IP from S3 Group for Advanced Digital TV SoC - Semiconductor Solutions


























































 



Skip to content




 

 








Home > News > Posts > Nationz Technologies Inc. Selects Mixed-Signal IP from S3 Group for Advanced Digital TV SoC
 
 
 
 





Nationz Technologies Inc. Selects Mixed-Signal IP from S3 Group for Advanced Digital TV SoCMonday, November 21st, 2011 at 11:49 am.

San Jose, 21st November, 2011 – S3 Group, a world leading provider of mixed-signal semiconductor IP solutions, today announced that Nationz Technologies Inc. has licensed its mixed-signal IP for their Mobile TV SoC. S3 Group delivered a high performance ADC and PLL combination from its portfolio as part of the deal. Nationz Technologies Inc. is a leading supplier of innovative semiconductor, module and software solutions for digital TV systems and this advanced digital baseband SoC is now widely available to the market.
“S3 Group achieved first-time-right silicon and helped us to rapidly enter the market with our Mobile TV SoC. The high performance of the ADC combined with the low jitter performance of this PLL means that we can offer a superior product that will help drive the successful development of Mobile TV products throughout Asia. The key advantages of working with S3 Group are first-time-right silicon, best-in-class performance, on-time delivery and excellent integration support. Our partnership with S3 Group has enabled us to develop the most optimum SoC solution for Mobile TV,” said Nong Cheng, Manager Consumer Application Solutions, at Nationz Technologies Inc.
Commenting on S3 Group’s success at Nationz Technologies Inc., Dermot Barry, VP Silicon BU at S3 Group, said “Nationz Technologies Inc. is developing innovative solutions on advanced process nodes and we are very pleased to have enabled them to get to market quickly with their Mobile TV SoC, through the rapid and successful deployment of our leading edge mixed-signal IP.  We look forward to extending our working relationship further for their next SoC developments.”
-Ends-
About S3 Group
S3 Group is the Connected Consumer Technology Company, providing products and professional services to enable semiconductor companies, consumer electronics companies and healthcare providers to deliver next-generation devices, systems and services to consumers at home and on the move. For IC designers and product managers, S3 Group delivers a comprehensive portfolio of mixed-signal IP and design services for power-efficient single-chip systems. S3 Group’s mixed-signal IP includes a wide portfolio of high performance A/D and D/A converters, PLLs, Analog Front Ends (AFEs), RF Transceivers and other miscellaneous circuits which have been silicon proven at a number of merchant foundries (TSMC, UMC, Global Foundries, IBM, Tower, SMIC) at nodes ranging from 0.18um to 40nm. End markets served by S3 Group clients include WiFi, WiMAX, LTE, mobile and fixed digital broadcasting, DOCSIS, Digital Video, Digital Radio, Imaging and power-line communications.
S3 Group is also a leading provider of TV system software, via its TV Technology business.
Founded in 1986, S3 Group has design centers in Ireland (Dublin and Cork), Lisbon in Portugal, Wroclaw in Poland, Prague in the Czech Republic and San Jose in the USA, with sales offices and representatives globally. For further information please visitwww.s3group.com/silicon-ip.
 
Contacts:
Dermot Barry, VP Silicon BU, S3 Group
Tel: +353.1.2911000
Email: dermot.barry(at)s3group.com
About Nationz Technologies Inc.    
In March 2000, the company was founded under the name of ZTEIC Design Co., Ltd, as a participant in the People’s Republic of China’s Ninth Five-Year (909) Plan aimed at boosting the domestic semiconductor industry through funds and other forms of government support to a selection of promising and highly valued very-large-scale-integrated-circuit (VLSI) design companies. Since its establishment, Nationz Technologies Inc. has completed many major projects for the advancement of the high-tech industry in China.
The company was re-registered as Nationz Technologies Inc. incorporated in May 2009.  The headquarters is located in Shenzhen with research and development centers and customer service offices in Beijing and Shanghai.
 
# # #
 
All trademarks contained herein (whether registered or not) and all associated rights are recognized.






 
 
 

 





























Username / Email



Password


 Remember Me




Lost Password | Sign Up
 
 


 





 


 

Close
Cookie Acceptance
In order for the S3 Group website to work properly and constantly evaluate and improve your experience we need to store small files called cookies on your computer. Over 90% of all websites do this, however, since the 25th of May 2011 we are required by EU regulations to obtain your consent first. If this is OK, tick the consent box below. Otherwise we will have to keep prompting you with this message. What do you say?


That's absolutely fine!







NATIONZ TECHNOLOGIES INC-A (300077:Shenzhen Stock Exchange): Stock Quote & Company Profile - Bloomberg








































  





















































































 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SECTOR » SEMICONDUCTORS & SEMICONDUCTOR EQUIPMENT INDUSTRY » 300077  


nationz technologies inc-a (300077:Shenzhen Stock Exchange)


300077 On Other Exchanges
SymbolExchange 300077 is not on other exchanges.






Snapshot NewsChartsFinancialsEarningsPeopleTransactions



nationz technologies inc-a (300077) Snapshot



Open
--



Previous Close
--




Day High
--



Day Low
--




52 Week High
-- - --



52 Week Low
-- - --




Market Cap
--



Average Volume 10 Days
--




EPS TTM
--



Shares Outstanding
--




EX-Date
--



P/E TM
--




Dividend
--



Dividend Yield
--















 Advanced Stock Chart



Request Profile Update

		\
	



Related NewsNo related news articles were found.nationz technologies inc-a (300077) Related Businessweek NewsNo Related Businessweek News Found


nationz technologies inc-a (300077) Details


			Nationz Technologies Inc. provides secure IC products and services in Internet identification authentication, TPM, secure modules, and personal digital secure product and services in China. The company offers authentication, encryption, and trusted services in mobile identity, online banking, data encryption, e-Government, financial transaction, and others. It provides secure IC chips/modules for secured transactions; Smart Card IC chips; BLE enabled SIM cards; and iDSS services. Nationz Technologies Inc. was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Shenzhen, China.
  			

Detailed  Company Description...


www.nationz.com.cn
316 Employees Last Reported Date: 03/30/17
Founded in 2000








nationz technologies inc-a (300077) Top Compensated Officers



No compensation data is available at this time for the top officers at this company.

Executives,
	    Board Directors









	nationz technologies inc-a
	
Nationz Technologies Inc. Announces Final Cash Dividend on A Shares, Payable on May 12, 2017
May 8 17
Nationz Technologies Inc. announced final cash dividend (tax included) of CNY 0.200 per 10 shares for the year 2016 on A shares to be paid on May 12, 2017 of record date May 12, 2017. Ex-date is 12 May 2017.


Nationz Technologies Inc. Approves Amendment to the Articles of Association
Apr 21 17
Nationz Technologies Inc. announced at the AGM held on April 20, 2017 has approved the change of the company's registered capital, amendment to the articles of association, and handling of the changes in the industrial and commercial registration.


Nationz Technologies Inc. Approves Cash Dividend for the Year 2016
Apr 21 17
Nationz Technologies Inc. held its annual general meeting of 2016 on 20 April 2017. At the meeting the shareholders approved cash dividend (tax included) of CNY 0.200 per 10 shares for the year 2016.








 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.















Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup





300077 Competitors
Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.





Company
Last
Change



No competitor information is available for 300077.
View Industry Companies














 


Industry Analysis




300077




Industry Average








Valuation
300077
Industry Range




Price/Earnings
76.4x





Price/Sales
9.5x





Price/Book
2.4x





Price/Cash Flow
76.0x





TEV/Sales
9.4x







View Detailed 300077 Financials
 | 
View Sector Analysis



Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact NATIONZ TECHNOLOGIES INC-A, please visit www.nationz.com.cn.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























