






控制產品- 控制系統 - Yokogawa Global



























Skip navigation
Go to Global Navigation
Go to Primary Contents
Go to Site Information
























Taiwan




 






Contact
Sitemap






成功經驗
產品介紹
售後服務
關於橫河
工廠健檢
資料下載
型錄








GLOBAL TOP
CLOSE

Regional Headquarters
Choose Your Location





North & Central America
South America
Europe
CIS
East Asia
South Asia
ASEAN & Oceania
Middle East
Africa




North and Central America

Canada
Mexico
United States





South America

Argentina
Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Peru





Europe

Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Czech
France
Germany
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Serbia
Slovakia
Spain
Switzerland
Turkey
United Kingdom





CIS

Kazakhstan
Russia
Turkmenistan
Ukraine





East Asia

China
Japan (World Headquarters)
Korea
Taiwan





South Asia

India





ASEAN & Oceania

Australia
Indonesia
Malaysia
New Zealand
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Vietnam





Middle East

Bahrain
Egypt
Kuwait
Oman
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates





Africa

Angola
Equatorial Africa/Maghreb/Sub-Saharan Africa/West Africa
Nigeria
South Africa



Can't find your country/region? Please click here.






ALL

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z







The country/region you live in
Regional Headquarters









No country is listed













成功經驗






現場儀器


壓力/差壓傳送器
溫度傳送器
流量計
現場無線產品
訊號轉換器




量測儀表


記錄器/資料收集器
分析計
測厚儀･抄紙機


解決方案套裝軟體


警報管理系統 AAASuite
操作效率改善 Exapilot
警報與訊息事件分析 Exaplog
工廠資訊管理 Exaquantum
操作員訓練系統 OTS
PID控制參數最佳化 TuneVP
Vigilantplant Service ～極致工廠的提案～




控制系統


迴路控制器
數位控制器
控制系統
電力監視器








訓練中心
線上諮詢服務中心






公司介紹
最新消息
服務項目
營業據點






VigilantPlant是什麼？






現場儀器
資料收集器
安全系統SIS
可程式控制器PLC


記錄器
控制系統
解決方案軟體


控制器
工廠資源管理PRM
分析計






台灣橫河綜合型錄下載




















首頁>
產品介紹>
監控系統>
控制系統




控制系統
















分散式控制系統DCS

 


安全儀表系統ProSafe-RS

 



工廠資源管理系統PRM 



 

 

 


在全球90個國家擁有20,000個專案以上的銷售紀錄，同時以99.99999%(7個9)卓越的運轉率，持續朝著幫助客戶實現最佳運轉狀態努力。 資料下載
 
 世界上第一套用於製程工業、真正功能整合的“安全PLC”，終結DCS-SIS不相容的問題 資料下載
 
 透過維護、操作管理達到資產最佳的整合性平台。使用Field Network遠端監視工廠狀況，另外能透過診斷功能掌握故障的徵兆，同時支援定期．非定期保養維修的調整。 資料下載
 









網路型企業自動化解決方案FAST/TOOLS 

 


高階可程式邏輯控制系統STARDOM

 



可程式邏輯控制器PLC 



 

 

 


 FAST/TOOLS在Yokogawa全球網路中使用，協助客戶進行系統監控。具有先進的可視化、協作、決策支援、組態、通訊、安全、虛擬化、專案資料的部署、連線性、操作警報管理/分析及資料儲存/管理等功能。
 資料下載
 
 融合 YOKOGAWA在工業自動化領域的專業經驗，可靠、靈活、強化運轉功能，是STARDOM在工業控制系統的顯著特點。WEB BROWSER技術作人機界面的操作和監視環境，可以在任何時間、地點，簡單完成操作和監視。 資料下載
 
 雙核心技術達到四核心高速性能，高速化和功能擴充性。可整合60K step type/260K step type 2種機種，並可和各種CPU搭配的複合式CPU。 資料下載
 























訓練中心

服務中心











產品介紹
現場儀器
量測儀表


監控系統
迴路控制器
數位控制器


控制系統
通訊協定Fieldbus
工廠資源管理系統PRM
分散式控制系統DCS
安全儀表系統ProSafe
可程式邏輯控制器PLC
高階可程式邏輯控制系統STARDOM
SCADA系統：FAST/TOOLS套裝軟體


電力監視器


解決方案 












成功經驗


成功經驗




產品介紹


現場儀器
量測儀表
解決方案套裝軟體
控制系統




售後服務


訓練中心
線上諮詢服務中心




關於橫河


公司介紹
最新消息
服務項目
營業據點




工廠健檢


VigilantPlant是什麼？




資料下載


現場儀器
記錄器
控制器
資料收集器
控制系統
工廠資源管理PRM
安全系統SIS
解決方案軟體
分析計
可程式控制器PLC




型錄


台灣橫河綜合型錄下載
















網站使用條件
個人隱私的保護
























Product lifecycle - Wikipedia






















 






Product lifecycle

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about managing product design and production details. For the marketing term, see Product life-cycle management (marketing).





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Business administration


Management of a business




Types of business


Company

Joint-stock company
Limited liability company
Privately held company
Conglomerate
State-owned enterprise










Business entity


Cooperative
Sole proprietorship
Partnership
Corporation








Corporate governance


Annual general meeting
Board of directors
Supervisory board
Advisory board








Corporate titles


Chairman

Chief executive officer (CEO)
Chief financial officer (CFO)
Chief information officer (CIO)
Chief human resources officer (CHRO)
Chief business officer (CBO)
Chief technology officer (CTO)








Economy


Commodity
Public economics
Labour economics
Development economics
International economics
Mixed economy
Planned economy
Econometrics
Environmental economics
Open economy
Market economy
Knowledge economy
Microeconomics
Macroeconomics
Economic development
Economic statistics








Corporate law


Commercial law
Constitutional documents
Contract
Corporate crime
Corporate liability
Insolvency law
International trade law
Mergers and acquisitions








Finance


Financial statement
Insurance
Factoring
Cash conversion cycle
Insider dealing
Capital budgeting
Commercial bank
Derivative
Financial statement analysis
Financial risk
Public finance
Corporate finance
Managerial finance
International finance
Liquidation
Stock market
Financial market
Tax
Financial institution
Working capital
Venture capital








Accounting


Management accounting
Financial accounting
Financial audit








Trade


Business analysis
Business ethics
Business plan
Business judgment rule
Consumer behaviour
Business operations
International business
Business model
International trade
Business process
Business statistics








Organization


Architecture
Behavior
Communication
Culture
Conflict
Development
Engineering
Hierarchy
Patterns
Space
Structure








Society


Marketing
Marketing research
Public relations








Types of management


Asset
Brand
Business intelligence
Capacity
Change

innovation


Commercial

marketing


Communications
Configuration
Conflict
Content
Customer relationship
Distributed
Earned value
Electronic business
Enterprise resource planning 

management information system


Financial
Human resource 

development


Incident
Integrated
Knowledge
Materials
Network
Office
Operations 

services


Performance
Power
Problem
Process
Product life-cycle
Product
Project
Quality
Records
Resource
Risk 

crisis


Sales
Security
Service
Strategic
Supply chain
Systems

administrator


Talent
Technology








 Business and economics portal







v
t
e









A generic lifecycle of products


In industry, product lifecycle management (PLM) is the process of managing the entire lifecycle of a product from inception, through engineering design and manufacture, to service and disposal of manufactured products.[1][2] PLM integrates people, data, processes and business systems and provides a product information backbone for companies and their extended enterprise.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Forms
3 Benefits
4 Areas of PLM
5 Introduction to development process
6 Phases of product lifecycle and corresponding technologies

6.1 Phase 1: Conceive

6.1.1 Imagine, specify, plan, innovate


6.2 Phase 2: Design

6.2.1 Describe, define, develop, test, analyze and validate


6.3 Phase 3: Realize

6.3.1 Manufacture, make, build, procure, produce, sell and deliver


6.4 Phase 4: Service

6.4.1 Use, operate, maintain, support, sustain, phase-out, retire, recycle and disposal


6.5 All phases: product lifecycle

6.5.1 Communicate, manage and collaborate
6.5.2 User skills


6.6 Concurrent engineering workflow
6.7 Bottom–up design
6.8 Top–down design
6.9 Both-ends-against-the-middle design
6.10 Front loading design and workflow
6.11 Design in context


7 Product and process lifecycle management (PPLM)
8 Market size
9 Pyramid of Production Systems
10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



History[edit]
The inspiration for the burgeoning business process now known as PLM came from American Motors Corporation (AMC).[4][5] The automaker was looking for a way to speed up its product development process to compete better against its larger competitors in 1985, according to François Castaing, Vice President for Product Engineering and Development.[6] Lacking the "massive budgets of General Motors, Ford, and foreign competitors … AMC placed R&D emphasis on bolstering the product life cycle of its prime products (particularly Jeeps)."[7] After introducing its compact Jeep Cherokee (XJ), the vehicle that launched the modern sport utility vehicle (SUV) market, AMC began development of a new model, that later came out as the Jeep Grand Cherokee. The first part in its quest for faster product development was computer-aided design (CAD) software system that make engineers more productive.[6] The second part in this effort was the new communication system that allowed conflicts to be resolved faster, as well as reducing costly engineering changes because all drawings and documents were in a central database.[6] The product data management was so effective that after AMC was purchased by Chrysler, the system was expanded throughout the enterprise connecting everyone involved in designing and building products.[6] While an early adopter of PLM technology, Chrysler was able to become the auto industry's lowest-cost producer, recording development costs that were half of the industry average by the mid-1990s.[6]
During 1982-83, Rockwell International developed initial concepts of PDM and PLM for the B-1B bomber program.[8] The system called Engineering Data System (EDS) was augmented to interface with Computervision and CADAM systems to track part configurations and lifecycle of components and assemblies. Computervison later released implementing only the PDM aspects as the lifecycle model was specific to Rockwell and aerospace needs.
Forms[edit]
PLM systems help organizations in coping with the increasing complexity and engineering challenges of developing new products for the global competitive markets.[9]
Product lifecycle management (PLM) should be distinguished from 'product life-cycle management (marketing)' (PLCM). PLM describes the engineering aspect of a product, from managing descriptions and properties of a product through its development and useful life; whereas, PLCM refers to the commercial management of life of a product in the business market with respect to costs and sales measures.
Product lifecycle management can be considered one of the four cornerstones of a manufacturing corporation's information technology structure.[10] All companies need to manage communications and information with their customers (CRM-customer relationship management), their suppliers and fulfillment (SCM-supply chain), their resources within the enterprise (ERP-enterprise resource planning) and their product planning and development (PLM).
One form of PLM is called people-centric PLM. While traditional PLM tools have been deployed only on release or during the release phase, people-centric PLM targets the design phase.
As of 2009, ICT development (EU-funded PROMISE project 2004–2008) has allowed PLM to extend beyond traditional PLM and integrate sensor data and real time 'lifecycle event data' into PLM, as well as allowing this information to be made available to different players in the total lifecycle of an individual product (closing the information loop). This has resulted in the extension of PLM into closed-loop lifecycle management (CL2M).
Benefits[edit]
Documented benefits of product lifecycle management include:[11][12]

Reduced time to market
Increase full price sales
Improved product quality and reliability
Reduced prototyping costs
More accurate and timely request for quote generation
Ability to quickly identify potential sales opportunities and revenue contributions
Savings through the re-use of original data
A framework for product optimization
Reduced waste
Savings through the complete integration of engineering workflows
Documentation that can assist in proving compliance for RoHS or Title 21 CFR Part 11
Ability to provide contract manufacturers with access to a centralized product record
Seasonal fluctuation management
Improved forecasting to reduce material costs
Maximize supply chain collaboration

Areas of PLM[edit]
Within PLM there are five primary areas;

Systems engineering (SE) is focused on meeting all requirements, primarily meeting customer needs, and coordinating the systems design process by involving all relevant disciplines. An important aspect for life cycle management is a subset within Systems Engineering called Reliability Engineering.
Product and portfolio m² (PPM) is focused on managing resource allocation, tracking progress, plan for new product development projects that are in process (or in a holding status). Portfolio management is a tool that assists management in tracking progress on new products and making trade-off decisions when allocating scarce resources.
Product design (CAx) is the process of creating a new product to be sold by a business to its customers.
Manufacturing process management (MPM) is a collection of technologies and methods used to define how products are to be manufactured.
Product data management (PDM)is focused on capturing and maintaining information on products and/or services through their development and useful life. Change management is an important part of PDM/PLM.

Note: While application software is not required for PLM processes, the business complexity and rate of change requires organizations execute as rapidly as possible.
Introduction to development process[edit]
The core of PLM (product lifecycle management) is in the creation and central management of all product data and the technology used to access this information and knowledge. PLM as a discipline emerged from tools such as CAD, CAM and PDM, but can be viewed as the integration of these tools with methods, people and the processes through all stages of a product’s life.[13] It is not just about software technology but is also a business strategy.[14]




Product lifecycle management


For simplicity the stages described are shown in a traditional sequential engineering workflow. The exact order of event and tasks will vary according to the product and industry in question but the main processes are:[15]

Conceive

Specification
Concept design


Design

Detailed design
Validation and analysis (simulation)
Tool design


Realise

Plan manufacturing
Manufacture
Build/Assemble
Test (quality control)


Service

Sell and deliver
Use
Maintain and support
Dispose



The major key point events are:

Order
Idea
Kickoff
Design freeze
Launch

The reality is however more complex, people and departments cannot perform their tasks in isolation and one activity cannot simply finish and the next activity start. Design is an iterative process, often designs need to be modified due to manufacturing constraints or conflicting requirements. Whether a customer order fits into the time line depends on the industry type and whether the products are for example, built to order, engineered to order, or assembled to order.
Phases of product lifecycle and corresponding technologies[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Many software solutions have been developed to organize and integrate the different phases of a product’s lifecycle. PLM should not be seen as a single software product but a collection of software tools and working methods integrated together to address either single stages of the lifecycle or connect different tasks or manage the whole process. Some software providers cover the whole PLM range while others single niche application. Some applications can span many fields of PLM with different modules within the same data model. An overview of the fields within PLM is covered here. It should be noted however that the simple classifications do not always fit exactly, many areas overlap and many software products cover more than one area or do not fit easily into one category. It should also not be forgotten that one of the main goals of PLM is to collect knowledge that can be reused for other projects and to coordinate simultaneous concurrent development of many products. It is about business processes, people and methods as much as software application solutions. Although PLM is mainly associated with engineering tasks it also involves marketing activities such as product portfolio management (PPM), particularly with regards to new product development (NPD). There are several life-cycle models in industry to consider, but most are rather similar. What follows below is one possible life-cycle model; while it emphasizes hardware-oriented products, similar phases would describe any form of product or service, including non-technical or software-based products:[16]
Phase 1: Conceive[edit]
Imagine, specify, plan, innovate[edit]
The first stage is the definition of the product requirements based on customer, company, market and regulatory bodies’ viewpoints. From this specification, the product's major technical parameters can be defined. In parallel, the initial concept design work is performed defining the aesthetics of the product together with its main functional aspects. Many different media are used for these processes, from pencil and paper to clay models to 3D CAID computer-aided industrial design software.
In some concepts, the investment of resources into research or analysis-of-options may be included in the conception phase – e.g. bringing the technology to a level of maturity sufficient to move to the next phase. However, life-cycle engineering is iterative. It is always possible that something doesn't work well in any phase enough to back up into a prior phase – perhaps all the way back to conception or research. There are many examples to draw from.
Phase 2: Design[edit]
Describe, define, develop, test, analyze and validate[edit]
This is where the detailed design and development of the product’s form starts, progressing to prototype testing, through pilot release to full product launch. It can also involve redesign and ramp for improvement to existing products as well as planned obsolescence.[17] The main tool used for design and development is CAD. This can be simple 2D drawing / drafting or 3D parametric feature based solid/surface modeling. Such software includes technology such as Hybrid Modeling, Reverse Engineering, KBE (knowledge-based engineering), NDT (Nondestructive testing), and Assembly construction.
This step covers many engineering disciplines including: mechanical, electrical, electronic, software (embedded), and domain-specific, such as architectural, aerospace, automotive, ... Along with the actual creation of geometry there is the analysis of the components and product assemblies. Simulation, validation and optimization tasks are carried out using CAE (computer-aided engineering) software either integrated in the CAD package or stand-alone. These are used to perform tasks such as:- Stress analysis, FEA (finite element analysis); kinematics; computational fluid dynamics (CFD); and mechanical event simulation (MES). CAQ (computer-aided quality) is used for tasks such as Dimensional tolerance (engineering) analysis. Another task performed at this stage is the sourcing of bought out components, possibly with the aid of procurement systems.
Phase 3: Realize[edit]
Manufacture, make, build, procure, produce, sell and deliver[edit]
Once the design of the product’s components is complete, the method of manufacturing is defined. This includes CAD tasks such as tool design; including creation of CNC Machining instructions for the product’s parts as well as creation of specific tools to manufacture those parts, using integrated or separate CAM (computer-aided manufacturing) software. This will also involve analysis tools for process simulation of operations such as casting, molding, and die-press forming. Once the manufacturing method has been identified CPM comes into play. This involves CAPE (Computer Aided Production Engineering) or CAP/CAPP (Computer Aided production planning) tools for carrying out factory, plant and facility layout and production simulation e.g. press-line simulation, industrial ergonomics, as well as tool selection management. Once components are manufactured, their geometrical form and size can be checked against the original CAD data with the use of computer-aided inspection equipment and software. Parallel to the engineering tasks, sales product configuration and marketing documentation work take place. This could include transferring engineering data (geometry and part list data) to a web based sales configurator and other desktop publishing systems.
Phase 4: Service[edit]
Use, operate, maintain, support, sustain, phase-out, retire, recycle and disposal[edit]
The final phase of the lifecycle involves managing "in-service" information. This can include providing customers and service engineers with the support and information required for repair and maintenance, as well as waste management or recycling. This can involve the use of tools such as Maintenance, Repair and Operations Management (MRO) software.
There is an end-of-life to every product. Whether it be disposal or destruction of material objects or information, this needs to be carefully considered since it may be legislated and hence not free from ramifications.
All phases: product lifecycle[edit]
Communicate, manage and collaborate[edit]
None of the above phases should be considered as isolated. In reality a project does not run sequentially or separated from other product development projects, with information flowing between different people and systems. A major part of PLM is the co-ordination and management of product definition data. This includes managing engineering changes and release status of components; configuration product variations; document management; planning project resources as well as timescale and risk assessment.
For these tasks data of graphical, textual and meta nature — such as product Bills Of Materials (BOMs) — needs to be managed. At the engineering departments level this is the domain of Product Data Management (PDM) software, or at the corporate level Enterprise Data Management (EDM) software; such rigid level distinctions may not be consistently used, however it is typical to see two or more data management systems within an organization. These systems may also be linked to other corporate systems such as SCM, CRM, and ERP. Associated with these system are project management systems for project/program planning.
This central role is covered by numerous collaborative product development tools which run throughout the whole lifecycle and across organizations. This requires many technology tools in the areas of conferencing, data sharing and data translation. This specialised field is referred to as product visualization which includes technologies such as DMU (digital mock-up), immersive virtual digital prototyping (virtual reality), and photo-realistic imaging.
User skills[edit]
The broad array of solutions that make up the tools used within a PLM solution-set (e.g., CAD, CAM, CAx...) were initially used by dedicated practitioners who invested time and effort to gain the required skills. Designers and engineers worked wonders with CAD systems, manufacturing engineers became highly skilled CAM users while analysts, administrators and managers fully mastered their support technologies. However, achieving the full advantages of PLM requires the participation of many people of various skills from throughout an extended enterprise, each requiring the ability to access and operate on the inputs and output of other participants.
Despite the increased ease of use of PLM tools, cross-training all personnel on the entire PLM tool-set has not proven to be practical. Now, however, advances are being made to address ease of use for all participants within the PLM arena. One such advance is the availability of "role" specific user interfaces. Through tailorable user interfaces (UIs), the commands that are presented to users are appropriate to their function and expertise.
These techniques include:-

Concurrent engineering workflow
Industrial design
Bottom–up design
Top–down design
Both-ends-against-the-middle design
Front-loading design workflow
Design in context
Modular design
NPD new product development
DFSS design for Six Sigma
DFMA design for manufacture / assembly
Digital simulation engineering
Requirement-driven design
Specification-managed validation
Configuration management

Concurrent engineering workflow[edit]
Concurrent engineering (British English: simultaneous engineering) is a workflow that, instead of working sequentially through stages, carries out a number of tasks in parallel. For example: starting tool design as soon as the detailed design has started, and before the detailed designs of the product are finished; or starting on detail design solid models before the concept design surfaces models are complete. Although this does not necessarily reduce the amount of manpower required for a project, as more changes are required due to the incomplete and changing information, it does drastically reduce lead times and thus time to market.
Feature-based CAD systems have for many years allowed the simultaneous work on 3D solid model and the 2D drawing by means of two separate files, with the drawing looking at the data in the model; when the model changes the drawing will associatively update. Some CAD packages also allow associative copying of geometry between files. This allows, for example, the copying of a part design into the files used by the tooling designer. The manufacturing engineer can then start work on tools before the final design freeze; when a design changes size or shape the tool geometry will then update. Concurrent engineering also has the added benefit of providing better and more immediate communication between departments, reducing the chance of costly, late design changes. It adopts a problem prevention method as compared to the problem solving and re-designing method of traditional sequential engineering.
Bottom–up design[edit]
Bottom–up design (CAD-centric) occurs where the definition of 3D models of a product starts with the construction of individual components. These are then virtually brought together in sub-assemblies of more than one level until the full product is digitally defined. This is sometimes known as the "review structure" which shows what the product will look like. The BOM contains all of the physical (solid) components of a product from a CAD system; it may also (but not always) contain other 'bulk items' required for the final product but which (in spite of having definite physical mass and volume) are not usually associated with CAD geometry such as paint, glue, oil, adhesive tape and other materials.
Bottom–up design tends to focus on the capabilities of available real-world physical technology, implementing those solutions which this technology is most suited to. When these bottom–up solutions have real-world value, bottom–up design can be much more efficient than top–down design. The risk of bottom–up design is that it very efficiently provides solutions to low-value problems. The focus of bottom–up design is "what can we most efficiently do with this technology?" rather than the focus of top–down which is "What is the most valuable thing to do?"
Top–down design[edit]
Top–down design is focused on high-level functional requirements, with relatively less focus on existing implementation technology. A top level spec is repeatedly decomposed into lower level structures and specifications, until the physical implementation layer is reached. The risk of a top–down design is that it may not take advantage of more efficient applications of current physical technology, due to excessive layers of lower-level abstraction due to following an abstraction path which does not efficiently fit available components e.g. separately specifying sensing, processing, and wireless communications elements even though a suitable component that combines these may be available. The positive value of top–down design is that it preserves a focus on the optimum solution requirements.
A part-centric top–down design may eliminate some of the risks of top–down design. This starts with a layout model, often a simple 2D sketch defining basic sizes and some major defining parameters, which may include some Industrial design elements. Geometry from this is associatively copied down to the next level, which represents different subsystems of the product. The geometry in the sub-systems is then used to define more detail in levels below. Depending on the complexity of the product, a number of levels of this assembly are created until the basic definition of components can be identified, such as position and principal dimensions. This information is then associatively copied to component files. In these files the components are detailed; this is where the classic bottom–up assembly starts.
The top–down assembly is sometime known as a "control structure". If a single file is used to define the layout and parameters for the review structure it is often known as a skeleton file.
Defense engineering traditionally develops the product structure from the top down. The system engineering process[18] prescribes a functional decomposition of requirements and then physical allocation of product structure to the functions. This top down approach would normally have lower levels of the product structure developed from CAD data as a bottom–up structure or design.
Both-ends-against-the-middle design[edit]
Both-ends-against-the-middle (BEATM) design is a design process that endeavors to combine the best features of top–down design, and bottom–up design into one process. A BEATM design process flow may begin with an emergent technology which suggests solutions which may have value, or it may begin with a top–down view of an important problem which needs a solution. In either case the key attribute of BEATM design methodology is to immediately focus at both ends of the design process flow: a top–down view of the solution requirements, and a bottom–up view of the available technology which may offer promise of an efficient solution. The BEATM design process proceeds from both ends in search of an optimum merging somewhere between the top–down requirements, and bottom–up efficient implementation. In this fashion, BEATM has been shown to genuinely offer the best of both methodologies. Indeed some of the best success stories from either top–down or bottom–up have been successful because of an intuitive, yet unconscious use of the BEATM methodology. When employed consciously, BEATM offers even more powerful advantages.
Front loading design and workflow[edit]
Front loading is taking top–down design to the next stage. The complete control structure and review structure, as well as downstream data such as drawings, tooling development and CAM models, are constructed before the product has been defined or a project kick-off has been authorized. These assemblies of files constitute a template from which a family of products can be constructed. When the decision has been made to go with a new product, the parameters of the product are entered into the template model and all the associated data is updated. Obviously predefined associative models will not be able to predict all possibilities and will require additional work. The main principle is that a lot of the experimental/investigative work has already been completed. A lot of knowledge is built into these templates to be reused on new products. This does require additional resources "up front" but can drastically reduce the time between project kick-off and launch. Such methods do however require organizational changes, as considerable engineering efforts are moved into "offline" development departments. It can be seen as an analogy to creating a concept car to test new technology for future products, but in this case the work is directly used for the next product generation.
Design in context[edit]
Individual components cannot be constructed in isolation. CAD and CAID models of components are created within the context of some or all of the other components within the product being developed. This is achieved using assembly modelling techniques. Geometry of other components can be seen and referenced within the CAD tool being used. The other referenced components may or may not have been created using the same CAD tool, with their geometry being translated from other collaborative product development (CPD) formats. Some assembly checking such as DMU is also carried out using product visualization software.
Product and process lifecycle management (PPLM)[edit]
Product and process lifecycle management (PPLM) is an alternate genre of PLM in which the process by which the product is made is just as important as the product itself. Typically, this is the life sciences and advanced specialty chemicals markets. The process behind the manufacture of a given compound is a key element of the regulatory filing for a new drug application. As such, PPLM seeks to manage information around the development of the process in a similar fashion that baseline PLM talks about managing information around development of the product.
One variant of PPLM implementations are Process Development Execution Systems (PDES). They typically implement the whole development cycle of high-tech manufacturing technology developments, from initial conception, through development and into manufacture. PDES integrate people with different backgrounds from potentially different legal entities, data, information and knowledge and business processes.
Market size[edit]
Total spending on PLM software and services was estimated in 2006 to be above $30 billion a year.[19][20] Market growth estimates are in the area of 10%. There are several PLM Vendors in the market but the primary players include Dassault Systemes, Siemens, Oracle, Product Dossier, PTC and ARAS Innovator.
Pyramid of Production Systems[edit]




Pyramid of Production Systems


According to Malakooti (2013),[21] there are five long-term objectives that should be considered in production systems:

Cost: Which can be measured in terms of monetary units and usually consists of fixed and variable cost.
Productivity: Which can be measured in terms of the number of products produced during a period of time.
Quality: Which can be measured in terms of customer satisfaction levels for example.
Flexibility: Which can be considered the ability of the system to produce a variety of products for example.
Sustainability: Which can be measured in terms ecological soundness i.e. biological and environmental impacts of a production system.

The relation between these five objects can be presented as pyramid with its tip associated with the lowest Cost, highest Productivity, highest Quality, most Flexibility, and greatest Sustainability. The points inside of this pyramid are associated with different combinations of five criteria. The tip of the pyramid represents an ideal (but likely highly unfeasible) system whereas the base of the pyramid represents the worst system possible.
See also[edit]


System lifecycle
Application lifecycle management
Building lifecycle management
Cradle-to-cradle design
Hype cycle
ISO 10303 – Standard for the Exchange of Product model data
Life Cycle Thinking
Product management
Sustainable materials management
User-centered design
Product data record
Technology roadmap
Life-cycle assessment


References[edit]


^ Kurkin, Ondřej; Januška, Marlin (2010). "Product Life Cycle in Digital factory". Knowledge management and innovation: a business competitive edge perspective. Cairo: International Business Information Management Association (IBIMA): 1881–1886. ISBN 9780982148945. 
^ "About PLM". CIMdata. Retrieved 25 February 2012. 
^ "What is PLM?". PLM Technology Guide. Retrieved 25 February 2012. 
^ Cunha, Luciano (20 July 2010). "Manufacturing Pioneers Reduce Costs By Integrating PLM & ERP". onwindows.com. Retrieved 7 February 2017. 
^ Wong, Kenneth (29 July 2009). "What PLM Can Learn from Social Media". Retrieved 7 February 2017. 
^ a b c d e Hill, Jr., Sidney (May 2003). "How To Be A Trendsetter: Dassault and IBM PLM Customers Swap Tales From The PLM Front". COE newsnet. Archived from the original on 13 February 2009. Retrieved 7 February 2017. 
^ Pearce, John A.; Robinson, Richard B. (1991). Formulation, implementation, and control of competitive strategy (4 ed.). Irwin. p. 315. ISBN 978-0-256-08324-8. Retrieved 7 February 2017. 
^ "Projects Past". Brian's Blog. 16 September 2013. Retrieved 7 February 2017. 
^ Karniel, Arie; Reich, Yoram (2011). Managing the Dynamic of New Product Development Processes. A new Product Lifecycle Management Paradigm. Springer. p. 13. ISBN 978-0-85729-569-9. Retrieved 25 February 2012. 
^ Evans, Mike (April 2001). "The PLM Debate". Cambashi. Retrieved 4 July 2017. 
^ Day, Martyn (15 April 2002). "What is PLM". Cad Digest. Retrieved 25 February 2012. 
^ Hill, Sidney (September 2006). "A winning strategy" (PDF). Manufacturing Business Technology. Retrieved 25 February 2012. 
^ Teresko, John (21 December 2004). "The PLM Revolution". IndustryWeek. Retrieved 26 September 2012. 
^ Stackpole, Beth (11 June 2003). "There's a New App in Town". CIO Magazine. Retrieved 25 February 2012. 
^ Gould, Lawrence (12 January 2005). "Additional ABCs About PLM". Automotive Design and Production. Retrieved 25 February 2012. 
^ "Product Life Cycle". Buy Strategy. Retrieved 4 July 2017. 
^ Cooper, Ted (2010). "The significance of Product Longevity". Longer Lasting Products: Alternatives to the Throwaway Society. Farnham, UK.: Gower. ISBN 9780566088087. 
^ Incose Systems Engineering Handbook, Version 2.0. July 2000. p. 358. Retrieved 20 June 2012. 
^ "Comprehensive Information and Analysis of the PLM Market" (Press release). CIMdata... 2006-10-11. Retrieved 20 June 2012. 
^ "PLM Market Projected to Reach $12 Billion in 2006, Up 14%" (Press release). Daratech. 2006-03-13. Archived from the original on 28 December 2006. 
^ Malakooti, Behnam (2013). Operations and Production Systems with Multiple Objectives. John Wiley & Sons. ISBN 978-1-118-58537-5. 


Further reading[edit]

"The Cost of PLM". PLM Technology Guide. 
Bergsjö, Dag (2009). Product Lifecycle Management – Architectural and Organisational Perspectives (PDF). Chalmers University of Technology. ISBN 978-91-7385-257-9. 
Grieves, Michael (2005). Product Lifecycle Management: Driving the Next Generation of Lean Thinking. McGraw-Hill. ISBN 978-0-07-145230-4. 
Saaksvuori, Antti (2008). Product Lifecycle Management. Springer. ISBN 978-3-540-78173-8. 
Stark, John (2004). Product Lifecycle Management: 21st Century Paradigm for Product Realisation. Springer. ISBN 978-1-85233-810-7. 
Stark, John (2011). Product Lifecycle Management: 21st Century Paradigm for Product Realisation. Springer. ISBN 978-0-85729-545-3. 
Stark, John (2015). Product Lifecycle Management: Vol 1. 21st Century Paradigm for Product Realisation. Springer. ISBN 978-3-319-17439-6. 
Stark, John (2015). Product Lifecycle Management: Vol 2. The Devil is in the Details. Springer. ISBN 978-3-319-24434-1. 
Stark, John (2006). Global Product: Strategy, Product Lifecycle Management and the Billion Customer Question. Springer. ISBN 978-1-84628-915-6. 


External links[edit]

 Media related to Product lifecycle at Wikimedia Commons





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Product_lifecycle&oldid=790114034"					
Categories: Product lifecycle managementProduct managementProduction and manufacturingHidden categories: Use dmy dates from June 2013Articles needing additional references from April 2013All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing additional references from March 2013Commons category with page title different than on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


বাংলাČeštinaDanskEestiفارسیBahasa IndonesiaLatviešu日本語РусскийSuomiУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 11 July 2017, at 18:08.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






  GO - Smartphones                              Personal   Business     Quick Links    Top up   Read my e-mail   What's on TV     Pay bills /common/pay-bills /common/pay-bills    Directory              Personal        Business        Surname         Name         Locality      Select a Locality  Attard  Bahar ic-Caghaq  Bahrija  Balzan  Benghajsa  Bidnija  Bir id-Deheb  Birgu  Birkirkara  Birzebbuga  Blata-l-Bajda  Bormla  Bugibba  Bulebel  Burmarrad  Comino  Dingli  Fgura  Fleur-de-Lys  Floriana  Fontana  G'Mangia  Ghadira  Ghajn Tuffieha  Ghajnsielem  Gharb  Gharghur  Ghasri  Ghaxaq  Gudja  Gzira  Hal Far  Hamrun  Iklin  Isla  Kalafrana  Kalkara  Kappara  Kercem  Kirkop  Kordin  Lija  Luqa  Madliena  Maghtab  Manikata  Marfa  Marsa  Marsalforn  Marsaskala  Marsaxlokk  Mdina  Mellieha  Mgarr  Mgarr (Ghawdex)  Mosta  Mqabba  Mriehel  Msida  Msierah  Mtarfa  Munxar  Nadur  Naxxar  Paceville  Paola  Pembroke  Pieta  Qala  Qawra  Qormi  Qrendi  Rabat  Rabat (Ghawdex)  Safi  Salina  San Giljan  San Gwann  San Lawrenz  San Pawl il-Bahar  San Pawl tat-Targa  Sannat  Santa Lucija  Santa Venera  Siggiewi  Sliema  St. Andrews  St. George's  St. Thomas Bay  Sta. Lucija (Ghawdex)  Swieqi  Ta' Giorni  Ta' Qali  Ta' Xbiex  Ta' l-Ibragg  Tarxien  Valletta  Wardija  Xaghra  Xemxija  Xewkija  Xghajra  Xlendi  Zabbar  Zebbiegh  Zebbug  Zebbug (Ghawdex)  Zejtun  Zurrieq         Advanced search            Company         Name         Locality      Select a Locality  Attard  Bahar ic-Caghaq  Bahrija  Balzan  Benghajsa  Bidnija  Bir id-Deheb  Birgu  Birkirkara  Birzebbuga  Blata-l-Bajda  Bormla  Bugibba  Bulebel  Burmarrad  Comino  Dingli  Fgura  Fleur-de-Lys  Floriana  Fontana  G'Mangia  Ghadira  Ghajn Tuffieha  Ghajnsielem  Gharb  Gharghur  Ghasri  Ghaxaq  Gudja  Gzira  Hal Far  Hamrun  Iklin  Isla  Kalafrana  Kalkara  Kappara  Kercem  Kirkop  Kordin  Lija  Luqa  Madliena  Maghtab  Manikata  Marfa  Marsa  Marsalforn  Marsaskala  Marsaxlokk  Mdina  Mellieha  Mgarr  Mgarr (Ghawdex)  Mosta  Mqabba  Mriehel  Msida  Msierah  Mtarfa  Munxar  Nadur  Naxxar  Paceville  Paola  Pembroke  Pieta  Qala  Qawra  Qormi  Qrendi  Rabat  Rabat (Ghawdex)  Safi  Salina  San Giljan  San Gwann  San Lawrenz  San Pawl il-Bahar  San Pawl tat-Targa  Sannat  Santa Lucija  Santa Venera  Siggiewi  Sliema  St. Andrews  St. George's  St. Thomas Bay  Sta. Lucija (Ghawdex)  Swieqi  Ta' Giorni  Ta' Qali  Ta' Xbiex  Ta' l-Ibragg  Tarxien  Valletta  Wardija  Xaghra  Xemxija  Xewkija  Xghajra  Xlendi  Zabbar  Zebbiegh  Zebbug  Zebbug (Ghawdex)  Zejtun  Zurrieq         Advanced search                    My GO   Login ;           Username          Password          Caps Lock is on    Forgot password?           Keep me logged in              Want your own My GO?   Sign up Today     Discover My GO                                   Support    Mobile Internet Limitless Need help on my service Other information                     Phones and devices                   Clear filter     Type            Basic Device            Data Device            Smartphones            Tablets             Colour           All             Black             Blue             Cyan             Gold             Green             Grey             Pink             Red             Silver             White             Yellow         Brand           All             Alcatel             Apple             Blackberry             CAT             HTC             Huawei             LG             Nokia             Samsung             Sony         Operating System           All             Android             iOS             BlackBerry             Windows Phone         Price           All             Free             €0.01 - €49.99             €50.00 - €99.99             €100.00 - €199.99             > €200         Connectivity           All             4G             Bluetooth             DLNA             NFC             WI-FI             WI-FI hot spot         Camera           All             5 MP - < 10 MP             < 5 MP             > 10 MP                 Sort by     Ascending by retail price  Descending by retail price  New  Coming soon  Reduced price  Best deal       Showing  1-9  of  20  devices       View (Changing the value of this field will reload the page.)     9   12   15   30   45            1 2 3               TV      Alcatel U5              € 119   FREE   with Limitless Flex  View details      TV      Alcatel PIXI 4 (6")              € 149   FREE   with Limitless One+  View details      TV      Samsung J3 (6)                       € 175   € 26   with Limitless One+  View details      TV      Alcatel SHINE lite                    € 199   € 50   with Limitless One+  View details      TV      Huawei P8 lite                    € 199   € 50   with Limitless One+  View details      TV      Samsung Xcover3 G389              € 209   € 60   with Limitless One+  View details      TV      Samsung J5 (6)                       € 219   € 70   with Limitless One+  View details      TV      Alcatel Idol 4 with VR              € 249   € 100   with Limitless One+  View details      TV      CAT S30              € 249   € 100   with Limitless One+  View details         Sort by     Ascending by retail price  Descending by retail price  New  Coming soon  Reduced price  Best deal       Showing  1-9  of  20  devices       View (Changing the value of this field will reload the page.)     9   12   15   30   45            1 2 3                                    Cookies help us deliver our services.By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.                  Browser support                     


Production Automation Corporation






































JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website. 






Production Automation Corporation









Contact Sales



Request a Quote



Your Account



Home













 All Products ▼

Browse by Category

Aisle Tape & Floor Signs
Carts, Cabinets & Storage
Chairs & Seating
Cleaners & Chemicals
Cleanrooms & Supplies
Dry Cabinets & Storage
Ergonomic Accessories
ESD & Static Control
Floor Mats
Fluid Dispensing
Garments
Gloves & Safety Wear
Hand Tools
Labs & Healthcare
Magnifiers, Lights & Inspection Microscopes
Packaging
Printers & Labeling
Sockets & Interconnects
Solder & Rework
Stainless Steel Tables
Test Equipment
Wipes, Swabs & Cleaners
Wire Shelving
Workbenches & Workstations
 
Sales & Specials
Industrial Facilities Catalog


Browse by Brand

AccVacs
ACL
Aesops
AIM
Airy Technology
Akro-Mils
Andersen
Argon
Arlink
ASG
Atrix
Aven
 
Ballymore
Bantex
Barefoot
Beau Tech
Benchmark Scientific
BenchPro
Berkshire
Bevco
BioFit
Botron
Brady
Branson
 
Chemtronics
Conductive Containers
Contec
CleanPro
Cramer
 
Daylight
Delvo
Desco
DMS
Durastripe


 

Eagle
Easy Braid
Edsal
Erem
ergoCentric
Ergomat
ESI
ETS
Excelta
Extech
 
Fancort
Fisher Container
FLIR
Foamtec
 
Gibo/Kodama
Gordon Brush
 
Hakko
Hourglass
 
IAC Industries
Industrial Seating
 
Jamco
Jensen Global
 
Kanomax
Keystone
 
LEWISBins
Liberty
Lindstrom
Lissner
Lista
Luxo


 

Meiji
Menda
Metcal
Metro
MicroCare
Milagon Chairs
Milagon Mats
Minuteman International
 
Nashville Wire
Newcastle Systems
 
OC White
Olympic
 
PACE
Palbam
Panasonic
Panavise
Pandel
Permabond
Personna
PIP
Plato
Primary Products
Production Basics
Proform
Pro-Line
Pro-Tech
Protektive Pak
Pucel
Pyramex
 
QRP
Quick
 
R&R Lotion
Rubbermaid


 

Safety Zone
Sandusky Lee
SCS
Scienscope
SharperTek
Shel Lab
Simco-ION
SMT Carts
Soft-Tech
Sovella
Start International
Statico
Static Solutions
StaticStop
Steinel
Sturtevant Richmont
Superior Uniform Group
Swanstrom
 
Techcon
TechNiGlove
TechSpray
TechWear
Teknipure
Tennsco
Terra Universal
Torrey Pines Scientific
Transforming Technologies
Tronex
 
UMF Medical
Uniform Technology
 
Vidmar
Vision Engineering
 
Waldman
Wearwell
Weller
 
Yamato Scientific





Electronics Mfg.

Medical Device Mfg.

Cleanroom Mfg.

Labs & Healthcare

Industrial









Search








 























Trustpilot











 
 

Request a Quote


Ordering in quantities? Request a Quote for additional discounts.

Request a Quote





Browse Products



Category


Aisle Tape & Floor Signs
Carts, Cabinets & Storage
Chairs & Seating
Cleaners & Chemicals
Cleanrooms & Supplies
Dry Cabinets & Storage
Ergonomic Accessories
ESD & Static Control
Floor Mats
Fluid Dispensing
Garments
Gloves & Safety Wear
Hand Tools
Labs & Healthcare
Magnifiers, Lights & Inspection Microscopes
Packaging
Printers & Labeling
Sockets & Interconnects
Solder & Rework
Stainless Steel Tables
Test Equipment
Wipes, Swabs & Cleaners
Wire Shelving
Workbenches & Workstations


More Options


Browse by Brand






Tweets by @Go_to_PAC




Compare Products                    


You have no items to compare.




Newsletter


Sign up to be the first to know about new products, promotions and industry news.
  Sign Up  









Shopping

Orders & Returns
Request a Quote
Request a Sample
Advanced Search
Category Sitemap
Product Sitemap
Log In/Log Out


Resources

Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Credit Application
Product Line Card

Facilities Catalog
Knowledge Base
Vendor Managed Inventory


Customer Service

Contact Us
Send Us Feedback
Help

Follow us on:















Production Automation Corporation
6200 Bury Drive, 
Eden Prairie, MN 55346
(888) 903-0333








 
© Production Automation Corporation. All Rights Reserved.











Product Life Cycle Stages
















August 3, 2017



Posts
Comments


Product Life Cycle Stagesproduct life cycle stages explained 


Home
Introduction
Growth
Maturity
Decline
Examples
New Product Development
PLM Software Guide
Product Life Cycle Stages
As consumers, we buy millions of products every year. And just like us, these products have a life cycle. Older, long-established products eventually become less popular, while in contrast, the demand for new, more modern goods usually increases quite rapidly after they are launched.
Because most companies understand the different product life cycle stages, and that the products they sell all have a limited lifespan, the majority of them will invest heavily in new product development in order to make sure that their businesses continue to grow.
Product Life Cycle Stages Explained
The product life cycle has 4 very clearly defined stages, each with its own characteristics that mean different things for business that are trying to manage the life cycle of their particular products.
Introduction Stage – This stage of the cycle could be the most expensive for a company launching a new product. The size of the market for the product is small, which means sales are low, although they will be increasing. On the other hand, the cost of things like research and development, consumer testing, and the marketing needed to launch the product can be very high, especially if it’s a competitive sector.
Growth Stage – The growth stage is typically characterized by a strong growth in sales and profits, and because the company can start to benefit from economies of scale in production, the profit margins, as well as the overall amount of profit, will increase. This makes it possible for businesses to invest more money in the promotional activity to maximize the potential of this growth stage.
Maturity Stage – During the maturity stage, the product is established and the aim for the manufacturer is now to maintain the market share they have built up. This is probably the most competitive time for most products and businesses need to invest wisely in any marketing they undertake. They also need to consider any product modifications or improvements to the production process which might give them a competitive advantage.
Decline Stage – Eventually, the market for a product will start to shrink, and this is what’s known as the decline stage. This shrinkage could be due to the market becoming saturated (i.e. all the customers who will buy the product have already purchased it), or because the consumers are switching to a different type of product. While this decline may be inevitable, it may still be possible for companies to make some profit by switching to less-expensive production methods and cheaper markets.

 
Product Life Cycle Examples
It’s possible to provide examples of various products to illustrate the different stages of the product life cycle more clearly. Here is the example of watching recorded television and the various stages of each method:

Introduction – 3D TVs
Growth  – Blueray discs/DVR
Maturity  – DVD
Decline  – Video cassette

The idea of the product life cycle has been around for some time, and it is an important  principle manufacturers need to understand in order to make a profit and stay in business.
However, the key to successful manufacturing is not just understanding this life cycle, but also proactively managing products throughout their lifetime, applying the appropriate resources and sales and marketing strategies, depending on what stage products are at in the cycle.

NEW PLM Software Guide
The Complete Guide to PLM Software


 


Product Life Cycle Stages

About
Product Life Cycle Stages

Introduction
Growth
Maturity
Decline


Product Life Cycle Challenges
Expanding the Product Life Cycle
What is Product Life Cycle Management
New Product Development Stages
Product Life Cycle Examples
Contact Us
PLM Software – The Complete Guide


New Product Development
New product development process explained, step by step










The Stages ExplainedProduct Life Cycle StagesAs consumers, we buy millions of products every year. And just like us, these products have a life cycle. Older, long-established products eventually … [Read More...]


What is PLC?What is Product Life Cycle ManagementJust about all manufactured products have a limited life, and during this life they will pass through four product life cycle stages; Introduction, … [Read More...]


Developing ProductsNew Product Development StagesBefore a product can embark on its journey through the four product life cycle stages, it has to be developed. New product development is typically a … [Read More...]


Real Life ExamplesProduct Life Cycle ExamplesMost consumers probably aren't aware of the product life cycle stages. Even though they make a conscious decision to switch from one product to … [Read More...]


   Copyright  © 2017 Living Better Media   |  Privacy Policy   |  About   |  Contact Us











Product life-cycle management (marketing) - Wikipedia





















 






Product life-cycle management (marketing)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the commercial term to describe the life of a product in the market. For the engineering term, see Product lifecycle management.





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (August 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Product life-cycle management (PLM) is the succession of strategies by business management as a product goes through its life-cycle. The conditions in which a product is sold (advertising, saturation) changes over time and must be managed as it moves through its succession of stages.



Contents


1 Goals
2 Product life cycle

2.1 Extending the product life cycle
2.2 Characteristics of PLC stages
2.3 Identifying PLC stages


3 See also
4 References



Goals[edit]
The goals of product life cycle management (PLM) are to reduce time to market, improve product quality, reduce prototyping costs, identify potential sales opportunities and revenue contributions, and reduce environmental impacts at end-of-life. To create successful new products the company must understand its customers, markets and competitors. Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) integrates people, data, processes and business systems. It provides product information for companies and their extended supply chain enterprise. PLM solutions help organizations overcome the increased complexity and engineering challenges of developing new products for the global competitive markets.[citation needed]
Product life cycle[edit]
The concept of product life cycle (PLC) concerns the life of a product in the market with respect to business/commercial costs and sales measures. The product life cycle proceeds through multiple phases, involves many professional disciplines, and requires many skills, tools and processes. PLC management makes the following three assumptions:[citation needed]

Products have a limited life and thus every product has a life cycle.
Product sales pass through distinct stages, each posing different challenges, opportunities, and problems to the seller.
Products require different marketing, financing, manufacturing, purchasing, and human resource strategies in each life cycle stage.

Once the product is designed and put into the market, the offering should be managed efficiently for the buyers to get value from it. Before entering into any market complete analysis is carried out by the industry for both external and internal factors including the laws and regulations, environment, economics, cultural values and market needs. Product life cycle is guanine concept and this term ‘product life cycle’ is associated with every product that exists, however, due to a limited shelf life the product has to expire. From the business perspective, as a good business, the product needs to be sold before it finishes its life. In terms of profitability, expiry may jolt the overall profitability of the business therefore there are few strategies, which are practiced to ensure that the product is sold within the defined period of maturity.
Extending the product life cycle[edit]
Extending the product life cycle by improving sales, this can be done through

Advertising: Its purpose is to get additional audience and potential customers.


Exploring and expanding to new markets: By conducting market research and offering the product (or some adapted form of it) to new markets, it is possible to get more customers.


Price reduction: Many customers are attracted by price cuts and discount tags.


Adding new features: Adding value to the product catches the attention of many buyers.


Packaging: New, attractive, useful or eco-friendly packaging influence the target customers.


Changing customer consumption habits: Promoting new trends of consumption can increase the number of customers.


Special promotions: Raising interest by offering Jackpot and other offers.


Heightening interest: Many of the following things attract many customers who match certain profiles: Eco-friendly production processes, good work conditions, funding the efforts of non-profit organizations (cancer cure, anti-war efforts, refugees, GLTBI, environment and animal protection, etc.) and the like.

Something important to notice is that all these techniques rely on advertising to become known. Advertising needs the others to target other potential customers and not the same over and over again.[1]
Characteristics of PLC stages[edit]
There are the following major product life cycle stages:


Stage
Characteristics


1. Market introduction stage
This is the stage in which the product has been introduced first time in the market and the sales of the product starts to grow slowly and gradually and the profit received from the product is nominal and non-attained. The market for the product is not competitive initially and also the company spends initially on the advertisement and uses various other tools for promotion in order to motivate and produce awareness among the consumers, therefore generating discerning demands for particular brand. The products start to gain distribution as the product is initially new in the market and in this stage the quality of the product is not assured and the price of the product will also be determined as low or high.[2]

costs are very high
slow sales volumes to start
little or no competition
demand has to be created
customers have to be prompted to try the product
makes little money at this stage




2. Growth stage
In the growth stage, the product is present already in the market and the consumers of the products are habitual of the product and also there is quick growth in the product sales as more new and new customers are using and trying and are becoming aware of the product. The customers are becoming satisfied from the product and they bought it again and again. The ratio of the product repetition for the trial procurement risen and also at this level, the competitors have started to overflow the market with more appealing and attractive inventions. This helps in creating increased competition in the market and also results in decreasing the product price.

costs reduced due to economies of scale
sales volume increases significantly
profitability begins to rise
public awareness increases
competition begins to increase with a few new players in establishing market
increased competition leads to price decreases




3. Maturity stage
In maturity stage, the cost of the product has been decreased because of the increased volume of the product and the product started to experience the curve effects. Also, more and more competitors have seen to be leaving the market. In this way very few buyers have been left for the product and this results in less sales of the product. The decline of the product and cost of attaining new buyers in this level is more as compare to the resulted profit. The brand or the product differentiation via rebating and discounts in price supports in recalling the outlet distribution. Also, there is a decline in the entire cost of marketing through enhancing the distribution and promotional efficiency with switching brand and segmentation.[3]

costs are decreased as a result of production volumes increasing and experience curve effects
sales volume peaks and market saturation is reached
increase in competitors entering the market
prices tend to drop due to the proliferation of competing products
brand differentiation and feature diversification is emphasized to maintain or increase market share
industrial profits go down




4. Saturation and decline stage
In this stage, the profit as well as the sales of the product has started to decline because of the deletion of the product from the market. The market for the product in this stage, started to show negative rate of growth and corroding cash flows. The product, at this stage may be kept but there should be less adverts.[4]

costs become counter-optimal
sales volume decline
prices, profitability diminish
profit becomes more a challenge of production/distribution efficiency than increased sales

Note: Product termination is usually not the end of the business cycle, only the end of a single entrant within the larger scope of an ongoing business program.



Identifying PLC stages[edit]
Identifying the stage of a product is an art more than a science, but it's possible to find patterns in some of the general product features at each stage. Identifying product stages when the product is in transition is very difficult.[citation needed]




Identifying
features
Stages


Introduction
Growth
Maturity
Decline


Sales
Low
High
High
Low


Investment cost
Very high
High (lower than intro stage)
Low
Low


Competition
Low or no competition
High
Very high
Very High


Profit
Low
High
High
Low









Product life cycle at different stages



See also[edit]

Application lifecycle management
Brand awareness
Consumer behaviour
Diminishing manufacturing sources and material shortages (DMSMS)
Material selection
New product development
Obsolescence
Planned obsolescence
Product lifecycle management
Product management
Product teardown
Software product management
Technology life cycle
Toolkits for user innovation

References[edit]



^ Levitt, Theodore (November 1965). "Exploit the Product Life Cycle". Harvard Business Review. 
^ Anderson & Zeithaml, Carl R. & Carl P. (Mar 1984). "Stage of the Product Life Cycle, Business Strategy, and Business Performance". The Academy of Management Journal. 27 NO 1: 5–24. 
^ Griffin, Abbie (Feb 1997). "The Effect of Project and Process Characteristics on Product Development Cycle Time". Journal of Marketing Research. 34 NO 1: 24–35. 
^ Steffens, Paul (August 2002). "“The Product Life Cycle Concept: Buried or Resurrected by the Diffusion Literature?”". Academy of Management Conference. 1(5): 1–30. 




Box, Jonathan Mbosia, Extending product lifetime: Prospects and opportunities, Tanzanian Journal of Marketing September, 2012
Day, G. "The product life cycle: Analysis and applications issues", Journal of Marketing, vol 45, Autumn 1981, pp 60–67.
Levitt, T., "Exploit the product life cycle", Harvard Business Review, vol 43, November–December 1965, pp 81–94.
Dhalla, N.K., Yuspeh, S., "Forget the product life cycle concept", Harvard Business Review, Jan–Feb 1976
Rey F.J., Martín-Gil J., Velasco E. et al., "Life Cycle Assessment and external environmental cost analysis of heat pumps", Environmental Engineering Science, vol 21, September 2004, pp 591–604
Westkämper, E., "Live Cycle Management and Assessment: Approaches and Visions Towards Sustainable Manufacturing", Annals of the CIRP, Vol. 49, no 2, 2000, pp 501–522
Chan, K.C. and Mills, T.M., "Modeling competition over product life cycles", Asia-Pacific Journal of Operational Research, vol 32, no. 3, 2015, DOI: 10.1142/S0217595915500219
Anderson, C. and Zeithaml, C. 1984. Stage of the Product Life Cycle, Business Strategy, and Business Performance. Academy of Management, 27(1), pp. 5-24
Griffin, A. 1997. The Effect of Project and Process Characteristics on Product Development Cycle Time. Journal of Marketing Research, 34(1), pp. 24-35
Levitt, T., 1965. Exploit the Product Life Cycle. Harvard Business Review
Steffens, P. 2002. The Product Life Cycle Concept: Buried or Resurrected by the Diffusion Literature?. Academy of Management Conference, 1(5), pp. 1-30





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Product_life-cycle_management_(marketing)&oldid=791126206"					
Categories: Business termsProduct managementManagementHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from August 2012All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from August 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةБългарскиDeutschEspañolEuskaraFrançaisBahasa IndonesiaLatviešuLietuviųNederlands日本語PolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSlovenčinaSvenskaУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 July 2017, at 09:11.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 Product Life Cycle (PLC)      Skip to contentFor marketing learners, teachers and professionals. Menu and widgets  Search for:  Watch VideosMarketing VideosRead LessonsLesson StoreMarketing EssentialsConsumer BehaviourCreative MarketingDigital MarketingEnterpriseEvents MarketingInternational MarketingFinanceMarketing CommunicationsMarketing EnvironmentMarketing MixMarketing StrategyRelationship MarketingServices MarketingSocial MediaSWOT ExamplesExercisesAnswers AboutMarketing TeacherTim Friesner's BlogMarketing TrainingReferencingContact UsGet in touchContent Writing (c) Marketing Teacher Ltd 2000 - 2017.
All rights reserved. Company number 05936182.Product Life Cycle (PLC)  The Product Life Cycle (PLC)LessonExerciseAnswerThe Product Life Cycle (PLC) is based upon the   biological life cycle. For example, a seed is planted (introduction); it   begins to sprout (growth); it shoots out leaves and puts down   roots as it becomes an adult (maturity); after a long period as an adult   the plant begins to shrink   and die out (decline).Decline. At this point there is a downturn in the market. For example more   innovative products are introduced   or consumer tastes have changed. There is intense price-cutting and many   more products are   withdrawn from the market. Profits can be improved by reducing marketing spend and cost cutting. Problems with Product Life Cycle.In reality very few products follow such a prescriptive cycle. The   length of each stage varies   enormously. The decisions of marketers can change the stage, for example   from maturity to decline   by price-cutting. Not all products go through each stage. Some go from   introduction to decline. It   is not easy to tell which stage the product is in. Remember that PLC is   like all other tools. Use it   to inform your gut feeling.Another marketing tool for evaluating PRODUCT is the Three   Levels of a Product.In theory it’s the same for a product. After a period of development   it is introduced or launched   into the market; it gains more and more customers as it grows;   eventually the market stabilises and   the product becomes mature; then after a period of time the product is   overtaken by development and   the introduction of superior competitors, it goes into decline and is   eventually withdrawn.The Product Life Cycle (PLC) is based upon the   biological life cycle. For example,   a seed is planted (introduction); it begins to sprout (growth); it   shoots out leaves and puts down   roots as it becomes an adult (maturity); after a long period as an adult   the plant begins to shrink   and die out (decline).In theory it’s the same for a product. After a period of development   it is introduced or launched   into the market; it gains more and more customers as it grows;   eventually the market stabilises and   the product becomes mature; then after a period of time the product is   overtaken by development and   the introduction of superior competitors, it goes into decline and is   eventually withdrawn.However, most products fail in the introduction phase. Others have   very cyclical maturity phases where declines   see the product promoted to regain customers.Strategies for the differing stages of the Product Life Cycle.Introduction.The need for immediate profit is not a pressure. The product is   promoted to create awareness. If   the product has no or few competitors, a skimming price strategy is   employed. Limited numbers of   product are available in few channels of distribution.Growth.Competitors are attracted into the market with very similar   offerings. Products become more   profitable and companies form alliances, joint ventures and take each   other over. Advertising spend   is high and focuses upon building brand. Market share tends to   stabilise.Maturity.Those products that survive the earlier stages tend to spend longest   in this phase. Sales grow   at a decreasing rate and then stabilise. Producers attempt to   differentiate products and brands are   key to this. Price wars and intense competition occur. At this point the   market reaches saturation.   Producers begin to leave the market due to poor margins. Promotion becomes more widespread and use   a greater variety of media.Published by Tim Friesner Marketing Teacher designs and delivers online marketing courses, training and resources for marketing learners, teachers and professionals.  View all posts by Tim Friesner    



Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.

















變頻器,PLC控制器,安川代理商,國際牌代理商,視覺對位系統,歐姆龍控制器


































繁體中文 │  English










可程式控制器的人機介面



公司簡介  服務項目 產品介紹公司位置 聯絡我們





鑫弘展企業有限公司屬於自動化電機電子類產品的貿易商，提供國內外客戶所需各項產品外，更引進國外先進技術，協助客戶系統的規劃、諮詢、技術的支援及問題的克服，而不是單純的買賣業，而自動化是世界的趨勢，需結合電子、電機、資訊、網路、機械......等等領域，運用各種最先進技術，來達成客戶的需求，而且為了增加客戶的需求，還附屬室內裝潢業的導入來跟進世界的趨勢讓生活有更高的品質，如智慧型住宅、節能減碳、太陽能......等等，可以讓顧客一次購足別再尋找其他商品的時間，除此之外，本公司朝向經營多元化、產業多角化、系統整合方案、商品多樣化的目標來發展，來提供客戶最好的服務。







專業的貿易商滿足您的所有需求



聯絡電話:02-2848-3135    傳真:02-2848-8271    聯絡地址:24743新北市蘆洲區民族路506號5樓
        Copyright    ©    2013 變頻器-鑫弘展企業有限公司. All Rights Reserved. Design by web5000 網頁設計.


Sitemap 三菱代理商 歐姆龍代理商


















Powerline Communication | Cypress Semiconductor


















































Enter your keywords 





 



Community EnglishEnglish
ChineseJapaneseKorean




 
Log in 











You are hereHome › Products › Interface › Powerline Communication 



      Powerline Communication | Cypress Semiconductor    









Powerline Communication











 











Product Selector Guide




Overview
Getting Started
Kits
Design Support


Reliable command and control of loads over existing Powerline infrastructure
Complete single-chip PLC implementation (PHY Modem and Protocol Stack)
CENELEC EN50065-1:2001 and FCC Part 15 Compliant
Uses existing Powerline infrastructure (110 -240V AC & 12 -24V AC/DC)
Watch Cypress PLC Introductory Videos
Application Examples:
Lighting Control
Home Lighting: Cypress’ PLC solution enables control of incandescent, sodium vapor, fluorescent and LED lighting fixtures over the existing Powerlines. Easily integrates with wall-switch dimmers, lamp and appliance modules, enabling on/off, dimming, color mixing, and tunable white light control using a single chip solution, and no additional wiring.
 
 Pool Lighting: Cypress' PLC Solution can be used for controlling underwater pool lighting fixtures, over ground spa, surrounding landscape lights via a single control station using the existing Powerline and no additional wiring. Since the Powerline Network Protocol supports multicast and broadcast modes, elaborate programmable color changing scenes can be created. Combined with Cypress’ EZ-Color or PowerPSoC solution this can be used for intelligent dimming control and color mixing of High Brightness LED based lighting fixtures.
 
 Parking Lot Lighting: On-Off Control for selected areas in large parking lots is not possible without installation of multiple control and wiring elements and user interaction at multiple points. Cypress’ PLC Solution provides a Powerline optimized Network Protocol which enables individual lighting fixtures or groups of lighting fixtures to be controlled using the existing Powerline infrastructure. Thus, saving on cost for additional wiring and control fixtures. Combined with Cypress’ EZ-Color solution this can be used for intelligent dimming and timed turn-off of High Brightness LED fixtures.
 
 Industrial Signage: An entire array of new convenience and advanced control features are being made available in automobiles today. It has been projected that a high feature content car will not have enough space to contain multiple wiring segments and connectors without compromising power loss and safety. One of the solutions to this problem is to reduce the number of cables by using existing Powerline as the transmission medium of digital control signals. The CY8CPLCXX enables control of Automotive LED strobe, beacon, tail lights and indicators over the existing Direct Current (DC) 12V-42V Battery Powerline. Combined with Cypress’ EZ-Color lighting solution, dimming and color mixing of LED based automotive lighting fixtures in applications such as Mobile LED Displays is possible.
 
 
Home/Building Automation
The programmability and flexibility of Cypress' PLC solution makes home/building automation completely configurable. Ready-to-use boards make the solution easy to implement.
 
 
Automatic Metering Infrastructure
Cypress' PLC solution can be designed in electric power meters in household, commercial, and industrial environments to transmit power usage information, real time, to a centralized billing system. This solution can handle multiple data sources and can address up to 264 power meters.
 
 
Smart Energy Management
Energy Generation Market
	In the energy generation market, Cypress' PLC solution can be used to acquire and transmit, real time, diagnostic data regarding energy output of individual solar panels to the array controller and subsequently to a solar farm control station, over the existing DC powerline.
 
 Energy Consumption Market
	For the energy consumption market, Cypress’ PLC Solution enables transmission of information regarding power consumed at each appliance within a home, in real time. In response to this data, command and control of appliances can be done from any segment of the existing Powerline infrastructure.
 
 



Watch the PLC Introductory Video
Download the Application Notes
Download the Datasheets
Register to Access Online Technical Support
Join the Cypress Developer Community
 









Plug in.
							With two of these kits, you can construct your own Powerline Communication System.
Download the latestPSoC Designer™ software
Download PLC control panel GUI


CY3274 Programmable High Voltage Powerline Communication Development Kit

Other Powerline Communication Kits











Related DocumentationApplication Notes (6) Apply Application Notes filter 
Certification Reports (8) Apply Certification Reports filter 
Datasheets (2) Apply Datasheets filter 
Design Partner Solutions (1) Apply Design Partner Solutions filter 
Development Kits/Boards (11) Apply Development Kits/Boards filter 
Knowledge Base Articles (29) Apply Knowledge Base Articles filter 
Models (1) Apply Models filter 
Product Overviews (2) Apply Product Overviews filter 
Qualification Reports (1) Apply Qualification Reports filter 
Software and Drivers (4) Apply Software and Drivers filter 
Technical Reference Manuals (1) Apply Technical Reference Manuals filter 
User Module Datasheets (2) Apply User Module Datasheets filter 
Related ResourcesImages/Photos (1) Apply Images/Photos filter 
Press Releases (4) Apply Press Releases filter 
 



      Support    


Developer Community (CDC)Knowledge BaseTraining On-DemandWorkshopsVideo LibraryView All Support Options







 














Solutions 

Automotive
Industrial
Consumer
 



Products 

Wireless
Microcontrollers (MCUs)
Memory
Touch Sensing
Power Management
Clocks & Buffers
 



Design Support 

Community
Videos
Development Kits
Quality & Reliability
Product Roadmaps
 









Buy & Sample 

Request Samples
Buy Devices
Buy Development Kits 
 



About Us 

Investors
Careers
 


































