Abv Consulting, Inc. Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Abv Consulting, Inc.This is a community generated profile and may be incomplete.SUGGEST EDITSAAbv Consulting, Inc.LocationCentral, Hong Kong, Hong KongRevenue$â€“Total Funding$43.3kFounded-Employees-StagepublicCompany Websiteabvconsulting.com/LinkedInâ€“Our vision at ABV Consulting is simple - use our passion and expertise to help
create a Craft beer culture in the United States and around the world. Hey, we
never said we weren't ambitious. At ABV, we truly believe that we are at a
tipping point in the beer industry. Craft beer is not a fad. It is here to stay.
And, distributors, retailers and drinkers are seeing the value that Craft
brewers provide for them. But, Craft beer is still a small minority of all beer
sold. We want to change that...  read more. With years of experience marketing and selling
Craft beer, we understand what is needed to open people's eyes to these more
flavorful artisinal brews. Whether our client is a large Craft brewer, a
distributor, a bottle shop, a start-up cidery, a regional chain of bars or even
a charitable organization looking to use Craft beer to drive excitement with
their members, we can help. While we can draw on our experience consulting in
fields from consumer products to pharmaceuticals, we are unlike a typical
marketing agency. We have a keen understanding of the world of Craft beer. We do
not need to be brought up to speed. Our solutions will be tailored specifically
to your needs. Understanding your place in the market will drive us to create
programs, events and strategies that will be implementable and effective. See
Our Services and Contact Us to find out how we can help youKeywordsmanagement consulting,business services,advertising and marketingAbv Consulting, Inc.'s Private Funding Rounds$43.3k TotalDateAmountInvestorsMay 2014$43.3kUnknownWant to view and download all of Abv Consulting, Inc.'s funding rounds?VIEW FINANCIAL DATARecent News from Abv Consulting, Inc.Start trial to view recent news about Abv Consulting, Inc..Request trialBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service

10-Q: ABV CONSULTING, INC. - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

22,023
+6.69
+0.03%






Nasdaq

6,352
-10.98
-0.17%






S&P 500

2,473
-4.80
-0.19%









12:35 P.M. ET


Updated
      The fiduciary rule is about more than adviser pay. Here’s why that matters
                                





 
12:32 P.M. ET


Updated
      Oil trader Andy Hall closing hedge fund after nearly 30% loss in 2017: report
                                





 
12:26 P.M. ET


Updated
      Pound slides after BOE stands pat on rates; dollar remains under pressure
                                





 
12:25 P.M. ET


Updated
      Clothes, meat, champagne and electronics — coming to a vending machine near you
                                





 
12:22 P.M. ET


Updated
      Bipartisan Senate bill would require Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac to use alternative credit scores
                                





 
12:21 P.M. ET


Updated
      European stocks end with gains, powered by Next, UniCredit
                                





 
12:16 P.M. ET


Updated
      NASA’s new ‘planetary protection officer’ will probably make way more than people who actually go to space 
                                





 
12:10 P.M. ET


Updated
      More than half of women who got an abortion last year were using contraception
                                





 
12:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      Fitbit shares rocket 15% as analysts bet on smartwatch launch
                                





 
12:08 P.M. ET


                                  CBS taps Facebook executive for digital ad push
                                





 
12:07 P.M. ET


                                  Aetna profit up on price hikes, raises outlook
                                





 
12:07 P.M. ET


                                  Kering drops Alibaba suit, forms new partnership
                                





 
12:05 P.M. ET


                                  Fed’s Rosengren says ‘taper tantrum’ unlikely to result from shrinking balance sheet
                                





 
12:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      Teva shares plummet 21% on cheaper generic drug prices, pulling rivals lower
                                





 
12:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      Tesla is a large public company, and Elon Musk must start acting like it
                                





 
12:02 P.M. ET


Updated
      Snap's stock plunges further as rival Instagram Stories celebrates one-year anniversary
                                





 
12:00 P.M. ET


                                  Here’s your best stock-market move after Dow 22,000
                                





 
11:58 A.M. ET


Updated
      FTSE 100 jumps, but pound slides as Bank of England cuts growth outlook 
                                





 
11:47 A.M. ET


                                  Congress wouldn’t do it, so Fannie and Freddie reformed themselves
                                





 
11:41 A.M. ET


Updated
      Dow tags the 22,000 mark, also quietly clears the 20-day volatility bands
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: ABV CONSULTING, INC.
    








    By

Published: May 16, 2016 11:40 a.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  The following discussion provides information which management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. The discussion should be read along with our financial statements and notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. The following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ significantly from the results, expectations and plans discussed in these forward-looking statements. See "Cautionary Statement On Forward-Looking Information."  Business Overview  ABV Consulting, Inc. is in the business of providing merchandising and consulting services to craft beer brewers and distributors, as well as providing additional marketing support within the craft beer industry to retailers and other organizations as needed. While we do not directly produce alcoholic beverages, we provide services to help businesses in the industry improve their marketing, sales and operations. The Company was founded by Andrew Gavrin, a seasoned businessman who has worked in the alcoholic beverage field for the past 5 years after working as a strategy consultant for consumer product and other companies. Mr. Gavrin recognized the opportunity for a robust independent third party company that could help craft brewers and distributors create and implement marketing, promotional and merchandising plans while working in the industry following 3 years as a strategy consultant.  In March 2016, we entered into an agreement with one of the country's oldest craft brewers to assist in the brewery's marketing strategy. Our efforts during the first quarter of 2016 were primarily focused on securing this engagement, and once signed, providing exceptional work for our client, in order to ensure continuing engagements with the client and referrals to other craft brewers. In addition, we have focused our efforts on social media engagement. We now have almost 11,400 Twitter followers and almost 700 Facebook fans. Through social media, we are continuing to push our message that we are in perfect position to provide marketing support to the growing craft beer industry. We are showcasing our expertise in the industry by highlighting and providing input on key industry issues, offering marketing and sales support ideas, and networking with key opinion makers.  In the first quarter of 2016, we have also maintained our relationship with a start-up cidery in Philadelphia which is expected to commence operations in the back half of 2016. We have held discussions regarding supporting a large festival in the third quarter of 2017, and have continued to hold discussions with breweries and retailers across the country. In May 2016, we will be attending the national Craft Brewers Conference in Philadelphia with the hope of building relationships with additional craft breweries. We will continue delivering for our client under our engagement, will look to expand this relationship and use this as a reference for additional clients, and will continue our aggressive social media campaign.  Despite our efforts to implement our business plan, we have not generated any revenue since inception. As a result, we consider acquiring a business which is either a company that has recently commenced its operations and is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital or is seeking to expand into new markets. Alternatively, a business combination may involve the acquisition of or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but desires to establish a public trading market for its shares while avoiding, among other things, the time delays, significant expense, and loss of voting control which may occur in an initial public offering.  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  Use of Estimates in Financial Statements  The presentation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates during the period covered by these financial statements include the valuation of deferred tax asset and imputed compensation costs.  Emerging Growth Company  We are not currently required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and are therefore not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for that purpose. Upon becoming a public company, we will be required to comply with certain of these rules, which will require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Though we will be required to disclose changes made in our internal control procedures on a quarterly basis, we will not be required to make our first annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC.  We will remain an "emerging growth company" for up to five years, although if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time, we would cease to be an "emerging growth company" as of the following December 31, or if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period, we would cease to be an "emerging growth company" immediately.  Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the later of the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, or the date we are no longer an "emerging growth company." At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating.  Fair value measurements and Fair value of Financial Instruments  The Company adopted ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements. ASC Topic 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:  Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date.  Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.  Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity's own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information.  The Company did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented on the balance sheets at fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820.  Due to the short-term nature of all financial assets and liabilities, their carrying value approximates their fair value as of the balance sheet date.  Revenue Recognition  The Company recognizes revenue on arrangements in accordance with FASB ASC No. 605, "Revenue Recognition". In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed and determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured.  The Company recognized revenues from two primary sources:  1. Consulting Services: The marketing and pro bono efforts actively taken by the Company to date have been with the goal of securing clients who will be paying the Company to perform consulting services for them. These clients are expected to be brewers, distributors and retailers.  a. The Company is actively promoting its ability to assist potential clients in a range of services in their marketing, promotion, merchandising and sales efforts. These can include everything from developing a brand from scratch to creating a cohesive marketing strategy to developing a one-off promotion or merchandising concept for a client to executing a series of samplings or promotions.  b. The revenue generated will be dependent on the type of work performed. For a larger strategy project, the Company anticipates charging a client by the hour, whereas for a one-off promotion, a set price will likely be the pricing structure. To provide staffing for implementation of an idea, the Company expects a per event cost structure.  2. Proprietary Events: Based on the success of the charitable beer festival which the Company developed, managed and executed early in 2014, we believe that there is an opportunity to create proprietary events which could generate revenue for the Company. The Company would manage all of the aspects of the event - from the theme to the logistics to the marketing to the staffing and execution, and in turn, would receive all of the revenue from such events.  In addition to the two primary sources of expected revenue outlined above, the Company believes that there will be additional sources, though currently unplanned for, opportunities for revenue. These could include online advertising revenue from other companies looking to attract a similar customer base, providing training on Craft beer to the general public, and licensing custom merchandising pieces for breweries, as well as other opportunities that are yet unforeseen.  In August 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update "ASU" 2014-15 on "Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) - Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity's Ability to Continue as a Going Concern". Currently, there is no guidance in U.S. GAAP about management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern or to provide related footnote disclosures. The amendments in this Update provide that guidance. In doing so, the amendments are intended to reduce diversity in the timing and content of footnote disclosures. The amendments require management to assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern by incorporating and expanding upon certain principles that are currently in U.S. auditing standards. Specifically, the amendments (1) provide a definition of the term substantial doubt, (2) require an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provide principles for considering the mitigating effect of management's plans,  The amendments in this Update are effective for public entities for annual periods ending after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The effect of adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material effect on the Company.  Recent Accounting Pronouncements  Accounting standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements upon adoption.  Results of Operations  For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 as Compared to the Three Months Ended March 31, 2015  We have conducted minimal operations during the three months ended March 31, 2016, and we have not generated revenues during this period. We had net losses from operating of $16,160 for the three months ended March 31, 2016 as compared to $17,247 for the three months ended March 31, 2015.  During the three months ended March 31, 2016, we experienced general and administrative expenses of $3,171 and professional fees of $12,989 for total expenses of $16,160. These expenses consist of professional fees for Legal and Accounting fees. For the three months ended March 31, 2015, we experienced general and administrative expenses of $3,175 and professional fees of $14,072 for total expenses of $17,247.  Liquidity and Capital Resources  Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. We have been funding our operations through the sale of our common stock.  Our primary uses of cash have been for legal, accounting and audit fees. The following trends are reasonably likely to result in a material decrease in our liquidity in the near term:  ? Development of a Company website  ? Exploration of potential marketing and advertising opportunities, and  ? The cost of being a public company  Our net revenues are not sufficient to fund our operating expenses. At March 31, 2016, we had a cash balance of $ 2,365. Since inception, we raised $68,300 from the sale of common stock and $35,000 in notes from our President and CEO to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations, and grow our company. We currently have no material commitments for capital expenditures. We may be required to raise additional funds, particularly if we are unable to generate positive cash flow as a result of our operations. We estimate that based on current plans and assumptions, that our available cash will not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements under our present operating expectations, without further financing, for up to 12 months. Other than working capital, we presently have no other alternative source of working capital. We may not have sufficient working capital to fund the expansion of our operations and to provide working capital necessary for our ongoing operations and obligations. We may need to raise significant additional capital to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations, and grow our company. We do not anticipate we will be profitable in 2016. Therefore, our future operations may be dependent on our ability to secure additional financing. Financing transactions may include the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. However, the trading price of our common stock and a downturn in the U.S. equity and debt markets could make it more difficult to obtain financing through the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect amounts owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our common stock. The inability to obtain additional capital will restrict our ability to grow and may reduce our ability to continue to conduct business operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we will likely be required to curtail our marketing and development plans and possibly cease our operations.  We anticipate that depending on market conditions and our plan of operations, we may incur operating losses in the foreseeable future. Therefore, our auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.  Our liquidity may be negatively impacted by the significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly.  Going Concern  As of March 31, 2016, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $128,405 and used cash in operations of $6,148 for the three month ended March 31, 2016. Losses have principally occurred as a result of the substantial resources required for professional fees and general and administrative expenses associated with our operations.  These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effect on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plan provides the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern.  Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements  We have no off-balance sheet arrangements.  Contractual Obligations  We do not have any contractual obligations at this time.  May 16, 2016  (c) 1995-2016 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


We asked financial advisers: How realistic is Netflix’s new show, ‘Ozark’?


Here’s your best stock-market move after Dow 22,000


AMC hits record low as unrelentingly poor box office continues to take a toll















Most Popular





Dow 22,000 means the worst is yet to come





Apple’s stock could double on the ‘mother of all artificial-intelligence projects’





Why Dow 22,000 is not good news for most Americans





3 reasons a stock-market correction is coming in late summer or early fall





What 'Flash Boys' Brad Katsuyama thinks is killing Wall Street trade




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 




















ABV Consulting Inc (ABVN.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: ABV Consulting Inc (ABVN.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsBusiness Support Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				ABVN.PK on OTC Markets Group


				1.65USD
1 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$1.65


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

1,552




52-wk High

$9.00


52-wk Low

$0.20












					Full Description



ABV Consulting, Inc., incorporated on October 15, 2013, provides merchandising and consulting services to craft beer brewers and distributors. The Company also provides marketing support within the craft beer industry to retailers and other organizations. The Company provides general branding support, including marketing research, naming and graphic design help. It builds and merchandises displays of product in the off-premise class of trade. It executes sampling promotions, where legal, in the on-premise and off-premise class of trade.The Company develops and/or executes promotions in the on-premise class of trade. It is also involved in manning sampling booths at local beer festivals. It develops and/or executes other sales and marketing strategies. The Company focuses on providing services for retailers and other organizations using craft beer, including organizing, promoting and managing beer festivals; managing merchandising, and promoting and executing sampling efforts in order to drive customers into the store.The Company competes with Digitas, Interpublic, Omnicom, HausPromotions, CEA, Anheuser Busch, Miller, Coors, Crown Imports and Heineken.

» Full Overview of ABVN.PK







					Company Address



ABV Consulting Inc
306 Clairemont RdVILLANOVA   PA   00000








					Company Web Links











					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Wai Lim Wong

--




» More Officers & Directors





					ABV Consulting Inc News




» More ABVN.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsBusiness Support Services































ABV CONSULTING, INC. IPO - NASDAQ.com

































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





ABV CONSULTING, INC. IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
ABV CONSULTING, INC.


Company Address
306 CLAIREMONT ROADVILLANOVA, PA 19085


Company Phone
2154355553


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Andrew Gavrin


Employees  (as of 12/2/2014) 
1


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
 -- 


Status
Filed (9/3/2014)


Proposed Symbol
 -- 


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.10


Shares Offered
533,000


Offer Amount
$53,300.00


Total Expenses
$15,031.90


Shares Over Alloted
 -- 


Shareholder Shares Offered
533,000


Shares Outstanding
5,533,000


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
 -- 


Quiet Period Expiration
 -- 


CIK
0001607450




We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of common stock by the selling 
security holders. All of the net proceeds from the sale of our common stock 
will go to the selling security holders as described below in the sections. 
We have agreed to bear the expenses relating to the registration of the common
stock for the selling security holders.


The primary source of competition will come from the manufacturers and 
distributors directly. Those that have the resources and inclination to 
handle these tasks in-house will not need our services. Developing and 
executing such promotions and other marketing techniques is typically one 
of their responsibilities. However, because many do not have the time, 
money or people to do so, they use outside companies such as: 

· Large National and local marketing agencies, such as Digitas 
  (http://digitas.com), Interpublic (http://intercomagency) and Omnicom 
  (http://omnicomgroup.com)  

· Alcoholic beverage sampling companies, such as HausPromotions 
  (http://hauspromotions.com) and CEA (http://classieentertainmentagency.com)
  
·  Local merchandising companies  

The large marketing agencies do not have an expertise in Craft beer, and 
are often too expensive for much of our target market to engage. While the 
sampling companies do have expertise in the alcoholic beverage industry, 
they are geared primarily towards the mass brewers - Anheuser Busch, Miller,
Coors, Crown Imports and Heineken - and other image-driven wine and spirits
companies. As a result, they do not generally have expertise in the 
education needed to effectively promote Craft beers. Local merchandising 
companies are too small to identify and are not widely spread throughout 
all of the major markets. In between these competitors, there is a niche 
area that we plan to fill.


Company Description
We were incorporated on October 15, 2013 under the laws of the state of 
Nevada. We are in the business of providing merchandising and consulting
services to Craft beer brewers and distributors, as well as providing 
additional marketing support within the craft beer industry to retailers 
and


 other organizations as needed. While we do not directly produce 
alcoholic beverages, we provide services to help businesses in the industry
improve their marketing, sales and operations. Our business activities thus
far have been concentrated in and around the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 
market. 

The company was founded by Andrew Gavrin, a seasoned businessman who has 
worked in the alcoholic beverage field for the past 5 years after working 
as a strategy consultant for consumer product and other companies. 
Mr. Gavrin recognized the need for an independent third party company that
could help Craft brewers and distributors create and implement marketing, 
promotional and merchandising plans while working in the industry following
3 years as a strategy consultant. His experience of developing strategies 
and watching a sales force and distributor implement them with limited 
success due to competing priorities led him to launch the Company. 
Mr. Gavrin began working on our business model in the summer of 2013 and 
formed the Company in October 2013. 

Alcoholic beverages are sold in the on-premise class of trade (bars, 
restaurants, taverns, and similar businesses where drinkers consume the 
alcohol immediately at the location) and the off-premise class of trade 
(grocery stores, convenience stores, liquor stores, package stores and 
other retail locations where drinkers purchase their alcohol to consume 
later outside of the property of the store). The three-tier alcohol 
beverage system in the United States mandates that - with some minor 
exceptions - alcohol beverage manufacturers such as breweries and wineries 
must sell their product through a distributor, who in turn sells it to the 
retailer. Manufacturers and distributors together market the brand in order
to sell it to consumers. Both tiers, manufacturers and distributors, have 
sales forces that have numerous priorities that include executing 
promotions for the brand in the on-premise class of trade, holding sampling
events (where legal) in both on-premise and off-premise locations and 
building displays of the product in the off-premise class of trade. Due to 
limited resources and competing priorities, these sales forces are not as 
effective as they can be, and therefore would benefit from an outside party
that could assist in developing and executing these strategies. 

Based on the experience of Mr. Gavrin, who developed such strategies and the 
implementation plan for the country's largest craft brewer, we will develop 
and execute the following marketing techniques for alcohol beverage 
manufacturers and distributors:

· Providing general branding support, including marketing research, naming,
  and graphic design help  

· Building and merchandising displays of product in the off-premise class
  of trade  

· Executing sampling promotions, where legal, in the on-premise and
  off-premise class of trade  

· Developing and/or executing promotions in the on-premise class of trade  

· Manning sampling booths at local beer festivals  

· Development and/or execution of other sales and marketing strategies  

Additionally, we will provide services for retailers and other organizations 
using craft beer, including but not limited to:

· Organizing, promoting and managing beer festivals  

· Improving merchandising and promoting and executing sampling efforts in
  order to drive more customers into the store and increase basket ring  
---

The Company's principal executive office and mailing address is 306 
Clairemont Road, Villanova, PA 19085. Our telephone number is 215-432-5553.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$19,820


Total Assets
$39,127






Total Liabilities
$647


Stockholders' Equity
$38,480




Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 4 Total: 4
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



ABV CONSULTING, INC.
S-1/A
12/19/2014
Filing



ABV CONSULTING, INC.
S-1/A
12/2/2014
Filing



ABV CONSULTING, INC.
S-1/A
10/14/2014
Filing



ABV CONSULTING, INC.
S-1
9/3/2014
Filing







Experts


Auditor
M&K CPAS, PLLC


Company Counsel
Szaferman, Lakind, Blumstein & Blader, PC


Transfer Agent
 -- 


Transfer Agent
Self-underwritten


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten






                                There are no news stories for this IPO at this time.
                            












Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6351.03


-11.62
 ▼ 
0.18%





DJIA

22024.41


8.17
 ▲ 
0.04%





S&P 500

2472.61


-4.96
 ▼ 
0.20%










Data as of Aug 3, 2017 | 12:34PM


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            FRP Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: FRPH) Announces Results for the Second Quarter of 2017
                        



	                    12:07PM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Enbridge's Line 3 to cost more, profit lower-than-expected
                        



	                    12:01PM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            L'ORÉAL: News Release: "2017 Half-year financial report"
                        



	                    11:58AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Q&A-Canada tries trading marijuana in new ETF
                        



	                    11:56AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
TBA


SYY
Aug 14, 2017


HD
Aug 15, 2017


A
Aug 15, 2017


COH
Aug 15, 2017


AMZN
Aug 15, 2017


VIAV
Aug 15, 2017


URBN
Aug 15, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































