
Amaru Inc (AMRU.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Amaru Inc (AMRU.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyInternet Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				AMRU.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.01USD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.01


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

10,725




52-wk High

$0.01


52-wk Low

$0.01












					Full Description



Amaru, Inc., incorporated on September 1, 1999, through its subsidiaries, is in the business of broadband entertainment-on-demand; streaming through computers, television sets and personal digital assistants (PDAs), and the provision of broadband services. The Company's business includes channel and program sponsorship (advertising and branding); online subscriptions, channel/portal development (digital programming services), and content aggregation and syndication, broadband consulting services, broadband hosting and streaming services. The Company markets its products globally through its M2B and WOWtv brand names. Through its brands, the Company offers access to a range of content libraries for other media, including rights for merchandising, product branding, promotion and publicity.The Company is also in the business of digit gaming (lottery). The Company offers various broadband television Websites with entertainment and content channels designed to cater to various consumer segments. Its content covers a range of genres, such as movies, dramas, comedies, documentaries, music and fashion. The Company's business focus is engaged in providing and creating an entertainment-on-demand and e-commerce channels on broadband, and third generation (3G) and fourth generation (4G) devices. The Company delivers both wire and wireless solutions, streaming through computers, television sets, and 3G and 4G devices, among others. The Company's business model in the area of broadband entertainment includes e-services, including revenues that are derived from advertising and branding (channel and program sponsorship); online subscriptions; channel/portal development (digital programming services); content aggregation and syndication; broadband consulting services; broadband hosting and streaming services, and online dealerships and pay per view services.

» Full Overview of AMRU.PK







					Company Address



Amaru Inc
35 Tai Seng Street#01-01 Tata Communications Excha      534103
P: +656.3329287F: +656.3242080







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Sakae Torisawa

--




							 Leong Hin Chua

--




							 Soo Lian Chua

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Amaru Inc News




» More AMRU.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyInternet Services






















	Amaru Inc. Announces Results of Independent Market Research Study on US Consumer Attitudes towards On-Demand Entertainment Available via Broadband














    
 
Leading edge information on innovative call center & workforce optimization solutions.
 





 

 
 



 















     
Read
News
Research
Watch
Try
Learn More
Contact





















  










Industry News
























[February 21, 2006]


Amaru Inc. Announces Results of Independent Market Research Study on US Consumer Attitudes towards On-Demand Entertainment Available via Broadband

HOLLYWOOD & SINGAPORE --(Business Wire)-- Feb. 21, 2006 -- Amaru Inc. (Pink Sheets:AMRU): 

 -- Company Releases Findings of Month-Long Study; Points to Market Growth of On-Demand Services and Rapidly Increasing Interest by Consumers in At-Home Work Solutions, Learning Applications and Hollywood Entertainment 

 Amaru Inc. (Pink Sheets:AMRU), through its Singapore-based subsidiary M2B World Pte. Ltd. and its Hollywood-based company M2B World Inc., have released the findings of a month-long independent study commissioned by the company to analyze consumer broadband attitudes in the United States. The study revealed consumer behaviors, interest and preferred applications for on-demand entertainment, including preferences for emerging technical solutions such as IPTV set-top boxes and addressed the willingness by consumers to access IPTV-based programming. 



 

 Overall, the study found that almost three-quarters of Americans would be interested in the ability to access content on-demand via their mobile devices or computers. 

 Other notable significant results include: 

 -- In a US-based household with broadband access, the study found that 2.34 users per household regularly access the internet. 

 -- 18-34 year olds showed a surprisingly keen interest in at-home work solutions, which include video-conferencing, professional development content and educational offerings available via on-demand broadband media. 

 -- While the study found that almost 3 in 4 (73%) expressed an interest in being able to access content on demand, women were slightly more receptive to the concept (76% to 71%). 

 -- More than half of all respondents were significantly interested in e-learning content available on-demand, a percentage that edged out shopping, American television programming, health and wellness programs or live-pay-per-view events. 

 -- Almost twice as many New Yorkers than those in San Francisco or Los Angeles were receptive to the idea of incurring the standard nominal fee for individual programs, posed as USD $2.00, for online dating and social content programs. 

 -- 76% said they would be very interested in Lifestyle programming on food and cooking, compared to 32% that said they would be interested in celebrity/high fashion news. 

 -- 69% said that they would be interested in card gaming on-demand. 

 -- More than 2/3 of respondents would pay $2 for first run movies on-demand, while nearly half would pay the same amount for e-learning and professional development tools. 

 -- 47% of respondents would be willing to pay $10-$20 a month for on-demand content channels available through a subscription. Females are slightly more willing than men to spend within this price range. 

 The findings are the result of an in-depth survey generated by the M2B brand and conducted through an independent research firm in January of 2006. Questions were posed to over a thousand respondents who had current access to broadband in three major US cities -- New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles -- and the comparative analysis was generated to differentiate between geographical location, age and gender. 

 While the study was commissioned to gauge overall consumer attitudes towards accessing and paying for their entertainment choices via broadband, individuals were specifically asked in-depth questions pertaining to their current and future entertainment needs. Additional inquiries delved into the respondents' willingness to view content over a computer versus television sets, comparative interest levels in broadband channels on travel, lifestyle, fashion and gaming, pricing ceilings for such offerings and the overall awareness about the technological offerings available to access such programming. 

 The brand expects to utilize the conclusions to continue to meet consumer demand, and will gear their development and acquisition efforts towards building the channels and supplying the specific content that consumers are seeking. 

 "Our mission has always been to anticipate the needs of the consumer as the broadband category develops further, and to offer the content genres, hardware solutions and accessibility features that our viewers are seeking," said Amaru Chairman and CEO Colin Binny. "Independent studies such as the one that we have recently commissioned will be of vital importance in maintaining an accurate pulse on the market, and in determining the future trajectory of our development and expansion plans. We were extremely pleased to see that the interest by consumers in accessing their entertainment on-demand via broadband is an even stronger percentage than we had predicted, and we believe that this number will continue to grow as consumers are made more aware of their choices." 

 To date, the company has launched multiple international broadband channels in the categories of Hollywood movies, shopping, beauty, health, e-learning and foreign films to name a few. It has been an aggressive force in not only acquiring and developing content, but in expanding their unique offerings as the market develops to include a price-competitive international travel booking engine with broadband content, online social networking portals and interactive shopping destinations. This year, the company expects to continue to maintain its leading edge in the transformation of entertainment by rolling out technical solution devices such as a Set-Top box prepackaged with IPTV content, as well as original content produced in conjunction with Hollywood-based studios and foreign animation studios. 

 For more information on the study or to obtain the full results, please contact Shaila Arora at Thinkbig Media via email at Shaila@thinkbigmedia.com. 

 About Amaru Inc. (AMRU) and M2B 

 Amaru, Inc., a Nevada corporation, through its subsidiaries under the M2B brand is a leader in the Broadband Media Entertainment business, and a major provider of interactive Entertainment-on-demand, Education-on-demand and e-commerce streaming over Broadband channels, Internet portals, and 3G devices. To date, the Company has launched multiple Broadband TV websites for Hollywood and Asian entertainment, education and online shopping, with over 100 channels designed to cater to various consumer segments and lifestyles. Its content covers diverse genres such as movies, dramas, comedies, documentaries, music, fashion, lifestyle, edutainment, and more. The M2B brand has established its competitive edge by offering access to an expansive range of content libraries for aggregation, distribution and syndication on Broadband and other media; including rights for merchandising, product branding, promotion and publicity. 

 Globally, Amaru Inc and M2B are expanding through several integrated companies including: 

 -- M2B World Inc -- leads the US market and is based in Hollywood, CA. 

 -- M2B World Pte Ltd -- directs the Asian markets through its Singapore office and representative office in Shanghai, China 

 -- M2B Australia Pty Ltd -- oversees Oceania markets 

 -- M2B Entertainment Inc. -- oversees Canadian market 

 -- M2B Commerce Limited -- focuses on e-commerce and e-trading 

 -- M2B World Travel Limited -- offers e-travel services 

 -- M2B Game World Pte Ltd -- develops online gaming platforms and content 

 -- M2B Commerce Ltd (Cambodia) -- oversees Cambodian market 

 -- Amaru Holdings -- drives content syndication and distribution 

 M2B offers consumers personalized entertainment through its wide range of broadband streaming channels available at www.m2bworld.com. 

 Safe Harbor Act 

 The information posted in this release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by use of the words "may," "will," "should," "plans," "expects," "anticipates," "continue," "estimate," "project," "intend," and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic and business conditions, effects of continued geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology and methods of marketing, delays in completing various engineering and manufacturing programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in product mix, continued success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations, shortages in components, production delays due to performance quality issues with outsourced components, and various other factors beyond the Company's control. For full statement, please refer to www.M2BWorld.com.

[ Back To Contact Center Solutions's Homepage ]
















  FREE CONTACT CENTER SOLUTIONS ENEWS  


 










 WATCH: VIDEOS AND WEBINAR REPLAYS








 
 Choosing the Right Speech Analytics Technology
   [02:47]






Modern IVR: Building a Solid Foundation for the Customer Journey:   

 
   [49:45] 






 







 TRY: EBOOKS & BLOGS









5 Ways Financial Institutions Can Bank on SMS 





Asurion Improves the Agent Experience Through Mobility





The Now consumer





 







 LEARN MORE: FEATURED ASSETS









 
NEW!Aberdeen Report - The Intelligent Contact Center





 
Discovering Emerging Trends in Data





 
Maintaining Customer Experience Continuity: From Self-Service to Agent Assisted, Hands-On Dialogues





 
Building an Effective Quality Management Evaluation Form





 
Agent Initiated Contact Consent-based Routing for Outbound Wireless Contact





More







 CONTACT US









 
 Want to learn more about the latest 
contact center solutions for enhancing 
your customer's experience?  Call us 
at 1 888 547 2481 or visit 
www.aspect.com to chat or send 
us an email inquiry.

Or, participate in one of our 
upcoming events.































Welcome To Amaru Inc.















































































•
M2B World launches WOWtv New Next Generation Personalised Broadband Channel


•
Amaru announces new members to Board of Directors





•
M2B World expands M2Btv programming with four new channels





•
M2B World debuts "The Hollywood Reporter TV 80" vignette series





•
Amaru's M2B World Asia Pacific in Sale and Purchase transaction with Singapore-listed Auston International for SGD 165 million in Equity








 
READ MORE 















Corporate Profile 


 Amaru, Inc., a Nevada corporation, through its subsidiaries under the M2B brand, is a leader in the Broadband Media Entertainment business, and a major provider of interactive Entertainment-on-demand, Education-on-demand and e-commerce streaming over Broadband channels, Internet portals, and 3G devices. To date, the Company has launched multiple Broadband TV websites for Hollywood and Asian entertainment, education and online shopping, with over 100 channels designed to cater to various consumer segments and lifestyles. Its content covers diverse genres such as movies, dramas, comedies, documentaries, music, fashion, lifestyle, edutainment, and more. The M2B brand has established its competitive edge by offering access to an expansive range of content libraries for aggregation, distribution and syndication on Broadband and other media; including rights for merchandising, product branding, promotion and publicity. 


 


Shareholder Information 





 Exchange 
OTC BB 


 Transfer Agent 

Interwest Transfer Co, Inc
											    1981 Murray Holladay Road
											    Suite 100
											    Salt Lake City, UT 84117
											    Phone (801) 272 9294
                                                Email: info@interwesttc.com
                                                



 Corporate Counsel 

Law Offices of Iwona J. Alami

													620 Newport Centre Dr

													Suite 1100

													Newport Beach, CA 92660 



 Independent Accountants 

Wei, Wei & Co LLP.

													133-10 39th Avenue

													Flushing, NY 11354









 



















 
 







Welcome To Amaru Inc.






































































 
 
 


 









 AMARU INC. USA ANNOUNCES OPENING OF HOLLYWOOD OFFICES


 Company Subsidiary M2BWorld Inc. Will Focus on US-Based Expansion and Strategic Entertainment Industry Partnerships to Drive Growth of Brand  


Hollywood, CA/Singapore – August 15, 2005 – US-based Amaru Inc. today announced that it has opened offices for its subsidiary, M2B World Inc., in Hollywood, CA, located on the world-famous Sunset Strip in the heart of the entertainment industry. The offices will focus on growing the brand within the US and will be an integral component of an overall brand growth strategy that includes the continued completion of marketing, acquisition and distribution agreements with key Hollywood entertainment and fashion companies for the rights to a vast array of broadband streaming content.

                  M2B, the leading brand of Amaru and its subsidiaries including the newly launched M2B World Inc., is a leading provider of broadband streaming content that is available upon demand across a multitude of genres including lifestyle, fashion, movies and gaming. The company offers consumers around the world the ability to create an individualized entertainment experience at their fingertips, and is actively adding new channels to the expansive library of content currently available. M2B has already become a familiar name with the Asian consumer due to the wide range of content immediately available and the unique distribution deals the company has secured with major media companies in China, Japan and Singapore. With the opening of the US offices, M2B is now poised to become a familiar entertainment brand to the US consumer. 

                  “Developing a localized presence in Hollywood is an obvious choice for us as we continue to grow as a worldwide media company,” said Rebecca Binny, General Manager of M2B World Inc. “We are in the business of entertainment, and many of our agreements and negotiations are with entertainment companies in the Los Angeles area. We are excited about the launch and believe that the combination of our growth platform and our immediate proximity to our contacts will only increase the pace at which we are now able to grow the brand.”

                  Amaru subsidiaries currently unified under the M2B brand operate from offices in Singapore, Shanghai and Australia. In addition to the opening of the US offices, the company expects to open offices in Canada and the United Kingdom by the end of 2005. 



 


About Amaru Inc. (AMRU) and M2B  




 Amaru, Inc., a Nevada corporation, through its subsidiaries under the M2B brand, is a leader in the Broadband Media Entertainment business, and a major provider of interactive Entertainment-on-demand, Education-on-demand and e-commerce streaming over Broadband channels, Internet portals, and 3G devices. To date, the Company has launched multiple Broadband TV websites for Hollywood and Asian entertainment, education and online shopping, with over 100 channels designed to cater to various consumer segments and lifestyles. Its content covers diverse genres such as movies, dramas, comedies, documentaries, music, fashion, lifestyle, edutainment, and more. The M2B brand has established its competitive edge by offering access to an expansive range of content libraries for aggregation, distribution and syndication on Broadband and other media; including rights for merchandising, product branding, promotion and publicity. 




 Globally, Amaru Inc and M2B are expanding through several integrated companies including: 


1.
 M2B World Inc – leads the US market and is based in Hollywood, CA. 


2.
 M2B World Pte Ltd – directs the Asian markets through its Singapore office and representative office in Shanghai, China 


3.
 M2B Australia Pty Ltd – oversees Oceania markets 


4.
 M2B Entertainment Inc. – oversees Canadian market 


5.
M2B Commerce Limited – focuses on e-commerce and e-trading


6.
 M2B World Travel Limited - offers e-travel services 


7.
 M2B Game World Pte Ltd – develops online gaming platforms and content 


8.
 M2B Commerce Ltd (Cambodia) – oversees Cambodian market 


9.
 Amaru Holdings – drives content syndication and distribution 




 M2B offers consumers personalized entertainment through its wide range of broadband streaming channels available at www.m2bworld.com. 




 


Safe Harbor Act 


 The information posted in this release may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by use of the words "may," "will," "should," "plans," "expects," "anticipates," "continue," "estimate," "project," "intend," and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general economic and business conditions, effects of continued geopolitical unrest and regional conflicts, competition, changes in technology and methods of marketing, delays in completing various engineering and manufacturing programs, changes in customer order patterns, changes in product mix, continued success in technological advances and delivering technological innovations, shortages in components, production delays due to performance quality issues with outsourced components, and various other factors beyond the Company's control. For full statement, please refer to www.m2bworld.com 


 


<< Back





 
















 
 






	Market Report: Amaru, Inc. (AMRU) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Amaru, Inc. (AMRU) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

     
                        Jan 9, 2016 - GlobalData 
                    
                - 25 pages 
                - USD $300 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Request Details


Related







Amaru, Inc. (Amaru) is Telecommunication Company that is in the business of broadbands entertainment. The company on demand streams via computers, television sets, PDAs (Personal Digital Assistant) and 3G hand phone. It offers services such as advertising and channel sponsorship, online subscriptions, channel or portal development, global content syndication and distribution, broadband consulting services and e-commerce services. Amaru offers broadband media services to its consumers, merchants and advertisers. The company provides subscription service to a wide range of video-on-demand entertainment and education content. Amaru is headquartered in Singapore.This comprehensive SWOT profile of Amaru, Inc. provides you an in-depth strategic analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled by GlobalData to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.This company report forms part of GlobalData's 'Profile on Demand' service, covering over 50,000 of the world's leading companies. Once purchased, GlobalData's highly qualified team of company analysts will comprehensively research and author a full financial and strategic analysis of Amaru, Inc. including a detailed SWOT analysis, and deliver this direct to you in pdf format within two business days. (excluding weekends).The profile contains critical company information including*,Business description - A detailed description of the company's operations and business divisions.Corporate strategy - Analyst's summarization of the company's business strategy.SWOT Analysis - A detailed analysis of the company's strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.Company history - Progression of key events associated with the company.Major products and services - A list of major products, services and brands of the company.Key competitors - A list of key competitors to the company.Key employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Executive biographies - A brief summary of the executives' employment history.Key operational heads - A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.Important locations and subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.Detailed financial ratios for the past five years - The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.Interim ratios for the last five interim periods - The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.Key benefits of buying this profile include,You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company's business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.Understand and respond to your competitors' business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.The company's core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events.Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies' strategic, financial and operational performance.Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.
Table of ContentsSection 1 - About the CompanyAmaru, Inc. - Key InformationAmaru, Inc. - OverviewAmaru, Inc. - Key EmployeesAmaru, Inc. - Key Employee BiographiesAmaru, Inc. - Key Operational HeadsAmaru, Inc. - Major Products and ServicesAmaru, Inc. - HistoryAmaru, Inc. - Company StatementAmaru, Inc. - Locations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeOther Locations & SubsidiariesSection 2 - Company AnalysisAmaru, Inc. - Business DescriptionAmaru, Inc. - Corporate StrategyAmaru, Inc. - SWOT AnalysisSWOT Analysis - OverviewAmaru, Inc. - StrengthsAmaru, Inc. - WeaknessesAmaru, Inc. - OpportunitiesAmaru, Inc. - ThreatsAmaru, Inc. - Key CompetitorsSection 3 - Company Financial Performance ChartsAmaru, Inc. - Financial RatiosFinancial Ratios - Capital Market RatiosFinancial Ratios - Annual RatiosFinancial Ratios - Interim RatiosFinancial Ratios - Ratio ChartsSection 4 - AppendixAppendixMethodologyRatio DefinitionsAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimerNote*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the companyList of TablesAmaru, Inc., Key InformationAmaru, Inc., Key RatiosAmaru, Inc., Share DataAmaru, Inc., Major Products and ServicesAmaru, Inc., HistoryAmaru, Inc., Key EmployeesAmaru, Inc., Key Employee BiographiesAmaru, Inc., Key Operational HeadsAmaru, Inc., Other LocationsAmaru, Inc., SubsidiariesAmaru, Inc., Key CompetitorsAmaru, Inc., SWOT AnalysisAmaru, Inc., Ratios based on current share priceAmaru, Inc., Annual RatiosAmaru, Inc., Interim RatiosCurrency CodesCapital Market RatiosEquity RatiosProfitability RatiosCost RatiosLiquidity RatiosLeverage RatiosEfficiency RatiosList of FiguresAmaru, Inc., Performance ChartAmaru, Inc., Ratio Charts
This report does not have a list of Companies Mentioned available
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$300  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY:  By Email - 2  Business Days


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.

























Amaru Inc, AMRU:PKN summary - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


Amaru IncAMRU:PKNSelect symbolUnited StatesAMRU:PKNOTC Pink - No InformationAmaru IncActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertConsumer ServicesMediaPrice (USD)0.008Today's Change0.00 / 0.00%Shares traded0.001 Year change-5.88%Beta--Data delayed at least 15 minutes.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.







1D3D1W1M6M1Y3Y5YCompar ApplyCancelComparisonsMake up to three selections, then save.0 of 3 selected0 of 3 selectedSuggested ComparisonsAirspan Networks IncEdd Helms Group, Inc.Aly Energy Services IncUnited American CorpTowerstream CorporationMediaG3 IncSelect-TV Solutions IncSaveClearKey statistics52-week rangeToday0.008Jul 07 20170.015Mar 09 2017Open0.00High--Low--Bid--Offer--Previous close0.008Average volume0.00Shares outstanding235.79mFree float190.96mP/E (TTM)--Market cap1.89m USDEPS (TTM)-0.0037  USDData delayed at least 15 minutes.More ▼ 
About the companyAmaru, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is in the business of broadband entertainment-on-demand; streaming through computers, television sets and personal digital assistants (PDAs), and the provision of broadband services. The Company's business includes channel and program sponsorship (advertising and branding); online subscriptions, channel/portal development (digital programming services), and content aggregation and syndication, broadband consulting services, broadband hosting and streaming services. The Company markets its products globally through its M2B and WOWtv brand names. Through its brands, the Company offers access to a range of content libraries for other media, including rights for merchandising, product branding, promotion and publicity. The Company is also in the business of digit gaming (lottery). The Company offers various broadband television Websites with entertainment and content channels designed to cater to various consumer segments.FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.
Markit Short Selling Activity © Markit. All rights reserved.Although Markit has made every effort to ensure this data is correct, nevertheless no guarantee is given to the accuracy or completeness. Any opinions or estimates expressed herein are those of Markit on the date of preparation and are subject to change without notice; however no such opinions or estimates constitute legal, investment or other advice. You must therefore seek independent legal, investment or other appropriate advice from a suitably qualified and/or authorised and regulated advisor prior to making any legal, investment or other decision. This is intended for information purposes only and is not intended as an offer or recommendation to buy, sell or otherwise deal in securities.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 
Amaru, Inc. AMRU Profile-Financials-Revenues-Growth-Market-Description                         Please wait while the search results are loading...     Plunkett Research,® Ltd.Our Market Research = Your Smart Decisions  What are you looking for?    Information Marketing & Research PROS   Information for Students & Professors   Subscribers Log In     Home >  Industries  >  Entertainment, Media, Publishing & Broadcasting  > Amaru, Inc.   Plunkett Research Online: Amaru, Inc.    AMARU, INC. (AMRU:PINX) Company Profile, Corporate Revenues, Growth, Market Size, Analysis, Business Forecasts, Market Share, Metrics, SWOTAmaru Inc is engaged in the business of broadband entertainment-on-demand, streaming via computers, television sets, PDAs & the provision of broadband services. It delivers wire & wireless solutions, streaming via computers & TV sets...... Amaru, Inc.  Ticker: AMRUExchange: PINXParent Company: Year Established: Employees: Fiscal Year Ends in  Phone: 65-6309-3055Fax: Address: 35 Tai Seng Street01-01, Tata Communications ExchangeSingapore,  534103 Singapore MapTypes Of Business Industry Ranks  Total RevenueMarket CapEmployee CountNet IncomeRevenue 3Y GrowthIncome 3Y GrowthReturn on Assets (%)Return on Equity (%)Return on Invested Capital (%) Industry NAICS code:  Internet Entertainment Sites Refreshing... Contacts Excel TextDescription Chua HinCEO/CFO/Director/PresidentSakae TorisawaChairman of the Board/Director See More  See More Auditor: Wei, Wei & Co., LLP Legal Advisor:    Financial Details  Compare to Industry Averages  Build Custom Table  Compare Companies $USD, In whole numbers,  except marked * or %201520142013201220112010Financials    Revenue    Cost of Revenue    Gross  Margin %    R&D Expense    Operating  Income    Operating  Margin %    SGA Expense    Net  Income    Earnings Per Share    Dividends    Book Value Per Share    Operating  Cash  Flow    Capital  Expenditure    Free  Cash  FlowProfitability    EBITDA    Return on Assets %    Return on Equity %    Net  Margin %    Assets  Turnover    Financial  LeverageBrands, Divisions and AffiliatesTop Salaries  Other ThoughtsCorporate CultureApparent Female Officers or Directors:     Javascript is disabled.    Request Free Trial Subscriptions Plans & Pricing500 Industries Analyzed for Market Size, Profits and Forecasts25,000 Companies Profiled, Ranked100,000 Industry Statistics150,000 Industry Executives Profiled1,000,000 Words of Trends Analysis Printed Almanacs and Ebooks Custom Research ProjectsA REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:         Take a TourHow to Use Plunkett Research Online-8 MinutesPlunkett Online AccessPlunkett Research BooksContactPhone: 713.932.0000Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282Fax: 713.932.7080E-Mail UsAsk a Product QuestionMedia Interviews, Get a SpeakerCustom ResearchInternational Distributors ListNews & RSSTestimonials  Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say! Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton  We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.  St. John’s College, Library Services  I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.  Penn State University, Career Services  I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.  Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide  Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.   Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages. Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine  The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!  Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research. Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA  Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable. Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center  We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use. Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University     Sign up for Free Research Reports   Subscribe                                 
144334












	Amaru Inc. Companies Launch Global IPTV Service in US and Asian Markets with Japanese Technology Partner Zentek - Streaming Media Magazine


































        Streaming Media

















Home
Europe Site
Producer
Subscribe

Magazine
SM Digital Edition
Newsletters

RSS Feeds


Articles

News
Features
"What Is ..."
Sponsored Articles
Video Short Cuts
Industry Announcements
Magazine
Blog


Video

Conference Videos

Almost Live Interviews
Video Tutorials
Video Short Cuts



Topics


Live Streaming


Mobile Video


Music/Radio


Online Video Platforms


OTT Video


Video Advertising


Video Content Protection/DRM


Video Creation/Production


Video Encoding/Transcoding


Video Formats/Players/Codecs


Video Hosting/Delivery


Video Legal Issues


Video SEO


VR and 360° Video





Verticals


Education Video


Enterprise Video


Government Video


Media/Entertainment Video


Online Video Industry




Resources

Streaming Media App
Streaming Media Producer
Industry Directory (Sourcebook)
Forums
Superguides
Industry Whitepapers
"What Is..."
Jobs
Industry Announcements
Research Reports
Glossary
Readers Choice Awards


Web Events
Conferences

Content Delivery Summit
Streaming Media East

Streaming Forum


Live Streaming Summit
Streaming Media West

Past Conferences


About

What is Streaming?
About Us
Contact Us
How to Advertise
Industry Directory (Sourcebook)
Media Kits
Editorial Calendar
Editorial Submissions
Reprints
Press Release Submissions





Are you receiving the most up-to-date streaming news? Subscribe to one or more of our newsletters to make sure you are! 







Newsletter Signup



Streaming Media Xtra


Streaming Media Bulletin

Subscribe Now!


Read all about it - You can't afford to be without this twice-weekly newsletter - sign up today to get your breaking streaming and digital media news!
Occasional announcements sent by Streaming Media, or on behalf of our advertising partners, on what we feel are important offers, developments, publications, and events in the streaming/online video industry.






         























    Sponsors



































Popular
Articles
News




Top 10 Most Popular Articles
Google Video Intelligence Analyzes Images in Videos
Artificial Intelligence Doubles Video Analytics Market in 5 Years
New Report from Wowza Evaluates Live Streaming Latency
Streaming the Latest in Nanotechnology
Will OTT Mean the Death of the Movie Theater?
The 2017 Streaming Media Readers' Choice Awards: Make Your Nominations Now
New FCC Caption Requirements: What You Need to Know
How Netflix and Amazon Are Changing the Indie Movie Business
NewTek Intros NDI 3 and NDI PTZ Camera
Facebook Approves Cameras and Software for Live 360 Ready Program
 


Recent Featured Articles
Latency: The Final Frontier for Streaming Video Entertainment?
Lock it Down: How to Keep Enterprise Video Safe and Secure
Overcoming OTT's Challenges with Metadata
The 9 Starter Questions to Answer Before Creating a Live Stream
Comedy Streamer Laughly Goes Live, Bringing the Yuks in Real Time
Online Video Publishers Take a Hard Pivot at 2017 Newfronts
Beyond TCP: Meet the Next Generation of Transport Protocols
AV1 and Legal Challenges: Does the Codec Have a Future?
 


Recent Streaming Media News
Hulu Subscribers Prefer Hulu to Traditional Pay TV, Finds TDG
Discovery Buys Scripps for $11.9B, Looks for Online Muscle
Comcast Talks Xfinity Instant TV, Which May Appear Later in 2017
Imagine Report Sees Momentum on Move to Unified Distribution
Facebook's Premium Video Section Will Arrive in Mid-August
Facebook Approves Cameras and Software for Live 360 Ready Program
Roku Most Popular Streaming Device, Takes Crown from Chromecast
ZoneTV Announces AI-Driven Customizable Pay TV Channel Service
 










Streaming MediaMagazine
June 2017

Subscribe




Current Issue
Past Issues






Is Apple Giving Up on Live TV and a Skinny Bundle Offering?

AOL Builds a Live TV Studio in the Heart of Greenwich Village

The Humane Society Streams Lifesaving Missions Live to Supporters

Streaming for Good: Online Video Companies Are Feeling Charitable

A King’s Ransom: Why Do OTT Subscription Costs Keep Rising?







Current Digital Edition












            StreamingMedia.com Industry Announcements
        

View Press Releases


Add Your Press Release


            StreamingMedia.com provides this section as a service to its readers and customers.


Press releases are subject to approval by the editorial staff of StreamingMedia.com and may be edited or altered for length and clarity, or to remove unsubstantiated and unverifiable claims.


            All content presented within the press release section is that of the submitter. StreamingMedia.com does not necessarily endorse such content and bears no responsibility or liability for its accuracy.
        







Tweet












Amaru Inc. Companies Launch Global IPTV Service in US and Asian Markets with Japanese Technology Partner Zentek


US and Singapore Will Serve as Launch Pad for 40 Channels of IPTV Video On-Demand Service

Hollywood, CA(1/27/2005) -
                    Amaru Inc., through its Singapore-based subsidiary M2B World Pte. Ltd. and its Hollywood-based company M2B World Inc., together with its technology partner Zentek Technology Singapore (Zentek), announced the launch of a Global IPTV service that will offer consumers 40 channels of video on-demand (VOD) content delivered to their television screens via a broadband connection. Reflecting the brand's continuing promise to offer the latest in entertainment delivery solutions, it has also announced that it expects to roll-out the first of 10,000 units of its set-top boxes in June of 2006 as well, jointly aimed at US and Singaporean consumers.While all of the content for the Global IPTV service will be exclusively provided by M2B World, on the technology side the company is partnering Zentek Technology Singapore (Zentek) for the design of the set-top boxes and for technical service support to customers on a worldwide basis. Zentek is a subsidiary of Zentek Technology Group, a Japan-listed company, and is an integrated solutions provider for digital TV, IPTV, wireless broadband, mobile phone and car entertainment devices.The company expects that this Global IPTV service will begin to transform the living room television screen into an all-in-one utility for entertainment and communication powered by any broadband connection. Targeted mainly for homes and families, this Global IPTV service will be compatible with one of the first wireless set-top boxes on the market. The new unit will connect directly to the television screen to view videos on-demand from 40 channels of segmented content programming offered through M2B World. The genres of the Video On-Demand content provided by this IPTV service will range from Hollywood movies, documentaries, music, fashion and lifestyle to travel and leisure, corporate training and professional development. In addition, the new IPTV cache will feature karaoke on-demand, Asian programming (in particular Korean serials) and the latest Hollywood blockbusters."This Global IPTV service that we are launching will be made affordable so that any broadband connected home can enjoy video on-demand from over 40 different channels of programming that increasingly complements a variety of lifestyle needs," said Colin Binny, CEO of Amaru Inc. and M2B World Inc.With video conferencing and video messaging features, the new M2B set-top box will create ease and convenience for all members of the household in using the television to communicate more personally through voice and image. The box will feature a media storage capacity for family photos and home videos as well as an internet browsing feature that allows for the sending and checking of emails."We are excited to partner with M2B World to create this powerful synergy between its rich media content offering and Zentek's advanced technology solutions, to meet the growing worldwide demand of customers for interactive triple play - video, voice and data," said Mr. Kazuo Yoshimura, Managing Director of Zentek Technology Singapore.Amaru Inc. and its M2B World subsidiaries target to ship 250,000 set-top boxes worldwide within the year. The set-top box is pre-bundled with a monthly subscription for the 40 channels of content and consumers will be able to order online and from local retail channels. Further details of the subscription plan and content line-up will be released by the end of February 2006 together with preview screenings to the media.M2B World Pte. Ltd. will handle the launch in Singapore for this Global IPTV service and Asian set-top Boxes, while M2B World Inc. will focus on the marketing and distribution in the US market.About Amaru Inc. and M2BAmaru, Inc., a Nevada corporation, through its subsidiaries under the M2B brand is a leader in the Broadband Media Entertainment business, and a major provider of interactive Entertainment-on-demand, Education-on-demand and e-commerce streaming over Broadband channels, Internet portals, and 3G devices. To date, the Company has launched multiple Broadband TV websites for Hollywood and Asian entertainment, education and online shopping, with over 100 channels designed to cater to various consumer segments and lifestyles. Its content covers diverse genres such as movies, dramas, comedies, documentaries, music, fashion, lifestyle, edutainment, and more. The M2B brand has established its competitive edge by offering access to an expansive range of content libraries for aggregation, distribution and syndication on Broadband and other media; including rights for merchandising, product branding, promotion and publicity.Globally, Amaru Inc. and M2B are expanding through several integrated companies including:-- M2B World Inc. - leads the US market and is based in Hollywood, CA.-- M2B World Pte Ltd - directs the Asian markets through its Singapore office and representative office in Shanghai, China-- M2B Australia Pty Ltd - oversees Oceania markets-- M2B Entertainment Inc. - oversees Canadian market-- M2B Commerce Limited - focuses on e-commerce and e-trading-- M2B World Travel Limited - offers e-travel services-- M2B Game World Pte Ltd - develops online gaming platforms and content-- M2B Commerce Ltd (Cambodia) - oversees Cambodian market-- Amaru Holdings - drives content syndication and distributionM2B offers consumers personalized entertainment through its wide range of broadband streaming channels available at www.m2bworld.com.About Zentek Technology GroupZentek Group, a Digital Video Broadcasting ("DVB") project member, develops and licenses software such as middleware libraries and authoring tools for the Digital TV and provides hardware solution and engineering services for Digital TV, mobile digital devices and network products for the world wide basis.Zentek also provides an integrated DVB-MHP content development solution at its Interactive Television Content Creation Centre in Singapore. Through Zentek's joint venture with Korea's leading IP set-top box manufacturer, Celrun Co., Ltd, Zentek provides IP set-top box and VOD (Video On Demand) solutions that display high quality multimedia rich content in Japan and Asia.Zentek Technology Group was established in 1997 in Silicon Valley, California, USA. Zentek Technology Japan, Inc., the Group Headquarter, is listed on Hercules - Nippon New Market Exchange in Japan. Zentek Technology Group's worldwide offices are located in Japan, United States, United Kingdom, and Singapore.More information about Zentek Technology Group can be found at www.zentek.com.sg, www.zentek.com and www.zentek.co.jp


Amaru/M2B
                    Editorial Contact:
Shaila Arora
949-330-6065
shaila@thinkbigmedia.com









                SPONSORED LINKS

Unisphere Research - Delivering Certainty Through In-Depth Analysis of Enterprise Technology, IT, Marketing & Media Trends

Want To Sell More Streaming Services & Products? You will.










                        INSIDE STREAMINGMEDIA.COM


Blog
SM Magazine
SM Digital Edition
Streaming Media App

Conference Videos
Video Tutorials
Readers Choice

Research Reports
Press Releases
Web Events
About Us




Newsletters
Industry News
Superguides
Industry White Papers
Sponsored Articles
Forums
Industry Directory
Industry Jobs
Contact Us
What Is Streaming





        RESEARCH CENTERS
TOPICSLive StreamingMobile VideoMusic/RadioOnline Video PlatformsOTT VideoVideo AdvertisingVideo Content Protection/DRMVideo Creation/ProductionVideo Encoding/TranscodingVideo Formats/Players/CodecsVideo Hosting/DeliveryVideo Legal IssuesVideo SEOVR and 360° Video 
VERTICALSEducation VideoEnterprise VideoGovernment VideoMedia/Entertainment VideoOnline Video Industry



                        OTHER ITI SITES

Streaming Media Europe
Streaming Media Producer
destinationCRM
EContent
Faulkner Information Services
Information Today
Information Today Europe
KMWorld
OnlineVideo.net
Smart Customer Service
Speech Technology
Unisphere Research




                © 2000 -
                2017, StreamingMedia.com, an Information Today, Inc. (ITI) company

[PRIVACY/COOKIES POLICY]




















   

