

Efeso Consulting SA: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:38 PM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of Efeso Consulting SA



Snapshot People




Company Overview
EFESO Consulting SA provides management consultancy services. The company offers strategy development, change management, and operational excellence services in the areas of supply chain, purchasing, operations management, sustainable development, product and process development, marketing and sales, complexity management, corporate finance, and business advisory. It serves banking and insurance, consumer goods and luxury, healthcare, manufacturing, oil and gas, pharma, process, public sector, real estate, retail, services, telecom and media, transport, and utility industries. The company operates in Europe, the United States, South America, and Asia. The company was formerly known as Solvin...
EFESO Consulting SA provides management consultancy services. The company offers strategy development, change management, and operational excellence services in the areas of supply chain, purchasing, operations management, sustainable development, product and process development, marketing and sales, complexity management, corporate finance, and business advisory. It serves banking and insurance, consumer goods and luxury, healthcare, manufacturing, oil and gas, pharma, process, public sector, real estate, retail, services, telecom and media, transport, and utility industries. The company operates in Europe, the United States, South America, and Asia. The company was formerly known as Solving Efeso International and changed its name to EFESO Consulting SA in October 2015. EFESO Consulting SA was founded in 1980 and is based in Paris, France. Efeso Consulting SA is a subsidiary of Partners In Action.
Detailed Description


117, avenue des Champs-ElyséesParis,  75008FranceFounded in 1980426 Employees



Phone: 33 1 53 53 57 00

www.solvingefeso.com







Key Executives for Efeso Consulting SA




Mr. Filippo Mantegazza


      	Chairman of the Management Board and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Carlo Baroncelli


      	Member of the Management Board
      








Mr. Angelo Luca Lecchi


      	Member of the Management Board
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Efeso Consulting SA Key Developments

Efeso Consulting SA(UNQ:ALEFE) dropped from Alternext All-Share index
Feb 23 16
Efeso Consulting SA(UNQ:ALEFE) dropped from Alternext All-Share index


Solving Efeso International, H1 2015 Earnings Call, Sep 23, 2015
Sep 23 15
Solving Efeso International, H1 2015 Earnings Call, Sep 23, 2015


Solving Efeso International Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Half of 2015
Sep 22 15
Solving Efeso International announced unaudited consolidated earnings results for the first half of 2015. For the period, the company reported revenue was €37,300,000 compared with €32,629,000 a year ago. EBITDA was €4,597,000 compared with €3,326,000 a year ago. Profit from recurring operations was €4,156,000 compared with €2,893,000 a year ago. Operating profit was €3,461,000 compared with €2,756,000 a year ago. Net profit was €2,392,000 compared with €1,989,000 million a year ago. Group share of net profit was €1,823,000 compared with €1,663,000 a year ago. Net consolidated financial debt of €5.8 million was stable in comparison with the €5.4 million at the end of 2014.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 Plus Partenaires SAS Europe 3CI Europe 3D Hôtels SARL Europe 3eme millenaire et Compagnie Europe 3SE, SARL Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Efeso Consulting SA, please visit www.solvingefeso.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































 » The WCOM ™






























 










Home 

Solving Efeso - strategy in action
 





 Passion for Results
... all over the World.




 Product develompent lead time reduction: 50-80%,
total product cost reduction: 25-30%,
increase the efficiency of the assembly line: 30%.


 Effective support in Operational Excellence,
Change Management and Strategy Development.
More than 350 consultants, 26 officess worldwide.






 

ROZWIŃ MENU









Give your Company a chance to achieve Enterprise Excellence
Please contact us:











 
 
 



 



The WCOM ™
What is WCOM™?
WCOM™, World Class Operations Management, is an original and integrated system, a structured kit of methods designed to improve company performance.
WCOM™ Key Points
The ability of our teams to adjust interventions at the customer company and ensure excellent results stems from a solid and continuously developing know-how.
Value to customer
The Value our Customer associates with us comes from the combination of an Original and Structured Know-How and approach focused on getting maximum effectiveness and efficiency from operational processes, involving and empowering people at every level.
WCOM™ enables companies to achieve excellence in all areas of operations:





Our key services
Operational Excellence
Supply Chain Excellence
Business Process Excellence
Performance Behaviour
Change Management
Trainings & Workshops
 


﻿



realization: noveo interactive




This site uses cookies (cookies) to implement services in accordance with the Policy on cookies. You can specify conditions for the storage of or access to cookie in your browser. Accept















