Norcon plc Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > Norcon plcThis is a community generated profile and may be incomplete.SUGGEST EDITSNNorcon plcLocationLimassol, CyprusRevenue$43.5mTotal Funding$â€“Founded-Employees750StageprivateCompany Websitewww.norconplc.com/LinkedInâ€“Norcon PLC help government agencies and some of the world?s largest telecom
companies build and enhance their communication networks.Keywordsnorcon,norcon plc,telecommunication,defence,dataRecent News from Norcon plcNo recent news on Norcon plc could be found.Submit recent news for Norcon plcBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service

Norcon Plc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 12:40 PM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of Norcon Plc



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Norcon plc provides project management, outsourcing, and related services for telecommunications, IT, and defense sectors in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. The company offers project, vendor, and performance management services for the operators of telecommunications networks, including fixed line and mobile telephone systems, and data networks; and assists them with the installation or operation of telecommunications systems, as well as provides advice on regulatory matters, defense systems, equipment, and command and control facilities. It also provides services, such as project management, market analysis, design and engineering, planning and optimization, and deplo...
Norcon plc provides project management, outsourcing, and related services for telecommunications, IT, and defense sectors in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. The company offers project, vendor, and performance management services for the operators of telecommunications networks, including fixed line and mobile telephone systems, and data networks; and assists them with the installation or operation of telecommunications systems, as well as provides advice on regulatory matters, defense systems, equipment, and command and control facilities. It also provides services, such as project management, market analysis, design and engineering, planning and optimization, and deployment of infrastructure and systems. The company serves equipment vendors, product partners, government clients, and investors. Norcon plc was founded in 1957 and is headquartered in Limassol, Cyprus. Norcon plc is a subsidiary of Norconsult Telematics Holdings Limited.
Detailed Description


5 Andrea Kalvou StreetPO Box 54843Limassol,  3728CyprusFounded in 1957



Phone: 357 2 5736830

Fax: 357 2 5736831

www.norconplc.com







Key Executives for Norcon Plc




Mr. Gaute Torleiv Vik


      	Executive Chairman
      








Mr. Arne Dag Aanensen


      	CFO & Executive Director
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Stephen Ralph Preston


      	Chief Executive Officer of Norconsult Telematics
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Norcon Plc Key Developments

Norcon Plc Announces Cancellation Of Admission To Trading On AIM

Jul 7 16
At the request of Norcon Plc trading on AIM for the ordinary shares of 1 pence each, fully paid has been cancelled from AIM, effective July 7, 2016 7:00am.



Norcon Announces Cancellation Of Ordinary Shares To Trading On AIM
Jun 29 16
Norcon Plc announced that, at the Extraordinary General Meeting which followed immediately after the conclusion of the AGM, the special resolution to approve the proposed cancellation of the admission of the Company's Ordinary Shares to trading on AIM (Cancellation) was duly passed. As a result, the last day of dealings of the Company's Ordinary Shares on AIM will be 6 July 2016 and the Cancellation will become effective at 7.00 a.m. on 7 July 2016, subject to a dealing notice, as defined in the AIM Rules for Companies, being issued.


Norcon Plc, Annual General Meeting, Jun 29, 2016
May 31 16
Norcon Plc, Annual General Meeting, Jun 29, 2016, at 11:30 GMT Standard Time. Location: Fort Anne Douglas, IM1 5PD Isle of Man


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 A.E. Charalambous & Co Auditors Ltd Europe Abacus Limited Europe AFX Capital Markets Ltd. Europe Al Thuraya Holdings Europe Andreas Coucounis & Co. Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Norcon Plc, please visit www.norconplc.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.




















Gaute Vik - Executive Director at Norcon Plc
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Gaute Vik
Executive Director at Norcon Plc



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees 


Gaute Vik
Executive Director at Norcon Plc



 Overview



Notable Companies


Norcon Plc




Board Seats



1





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 6 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Trond Helge Tostrup

Executive Chairman at Norcon Plc




Arne Dag Aanensen

Chief Financial Officer at Norcon Plc





Jørn Arve Longem

Managing Director at Teleplan Holding AS




Kenneth Reginald Dawson West

Former Managing Director at Reuters America, Inc.





Arnold Rørholt

Former Chief Executive Officer at Norcon Plc




Stephen Ralph Preston

Chief Executive Officer at Norconsult Telematics AS






 Paths to Gaute Vik



            Gaute Vik          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Gaute Vik






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Gaute Vik.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Executive Director

                                    1986 - Current                


Norcon Plc


                  Norcon Plc provides project management and consulting services. It offers market analysis, design and engineering, business plans, planning, and infrastructure and systems. The company was founded on June 2, 2008 and is headquartered in Limassol, Cyprus.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Executive Director

                    Current                  


Norcon Plc

                    Norcon Plc provides project management and consulting services. It offers market analysis, design and engineering, business plans, planning, and infrastructure and systems. The company was founded on June 2, 2008 and is headquartered in Limassol, Cyprus.                  





 Other Affiliations




              Gaute Vik is affiliated with
                            Norcon Plc, Norcon Plc.
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤






















Starting up

















































                                        Home                                                            





                                        About Us                                                            





                                        Services                                                            





                                        Investor Relations                                                            






                                        Corporate Governance                                                            





                                        Financial Calendar                                                            





                                        Advisors                                                            





                                        Shareholders                                                            





                                        The Board                                                            





                                        Corporate Documents                                                            





                                        Annual & Interim Reports                                                            





                                        Annual General Meeting                                                            





                                        Extraordinary General Meeting                                                            





                                        Company Presentations                                                            





                                        Manage shareholding online                                                            









                                        News                                                            





                                        Get in Touch                                                            























































	  	Services
	  	
	  






















The Group's principal activity is providing project, vendor, performance management and outsourcing services for operators of telecommunications networks including fixed line and mobile telephone systems and data networks, assisting them with the installation or operation of telecommunications systems and to countries seeking advice on regulatory matters, defence systems, equipment and command and control facilities.
The Group also has the experience, capabilities and methods to offer services such as project management, market analysis, design and engineering, planning and optimisation, vendor management, performance management, and deployment of infrastructure and systems.
The Group's consultants combine technical and business skills with an extensive international expertise in telecommunications, IT and defence systems. With the fast mobilisation of its consultancy teams and an in-depth understanding of products and services, the Group supports fixed and mobile network operators, equipment vendors, product partners, government clients and investors to achieve their goals. 












			back to top		

















Infrastructure & Systems





Using our breadth of knowledge on technology and markets we advise operators on the best technology for their business objectives.













Project Management





We have executed successful project management engagements for telecommunication operators in over 30 countries.













Market Analysis





We can steer your business strategy in the appropriate direction through the correlation of our global experience, analysis of available devices, technology and your customers.













Business Plans





Working closely with our customers, we have built many business plans from licence acquisitions through to new technology introduction and changing market demands.













Design & Engineering





We have designed and engineered every mobile technology from NMT450 in 1982 to 3G and are now engaged in doing the same for LTE across multiple markets.













Planning





Our independent approach to deploying the best network plan enables the operator to seamlessly grow the network with the market demands.











 













Services


Market AnalysisDesign & EngineeringProject ManagementBusiness PlansPlanningInfrastructure & Systems 






Latest News







Notification of Tender Offer















AIM Cancellation - Norcon plc















Notification of Holding in Company















Notification of Holding in Company















Notification of Holding in Company















Notification of Holding in Company













 











Norcon PLC 












變頻器,PLC控制器,安川代理商,國際牌代理商,視覺對位系統,歐姆龍控制器


































繁體中文 │  English










可程式控制器的人機介面



公司簡介  服務項目 產品介紹公司位置 聯絡我們





鑫弘展企業有限公司屬於自動化電機電子類產品的貿易商，提供國內外客戶所需各項產品外，更引進國外先進技術，協助客戶系統的規劃、諮詢、技術的支援及問題的克服，而不是單純的買賣業，而自動化是世界的趨勢，需結合電子、電機、資訊、網路、機械......等等領域，運用各種最先進技術，來達成客戶的需求，而且為了增加客戶的需求，還附屬室內裝潢業的導入來跟進世界的趨勢讓生活有更高的品質，如智慧型住宅、節能減碳、太陽能......等等，可以讓顧客一次購足別再尋找其他商品的時間，除此之外，本公司朝向經營多元化、產業多角化、系統整合方案、商品多樣化的目標來發展，來提供客戶最好的服務。







專業的貿易商滿足您的所有需求



聯絡電話:02-2848-3135    傳真:02-2848-8271    聯絡地址:24743新北市蘆洲區民族路506號5樓
        Copyright    ©    2013 變頻器-鑫弘展企業有限公司. All Rights Reserved. Design by web5000 網頁設計.


Sitemap 三菱代理商 歐姆龍代理商







Business Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Business Services

Business Services Company Reports








Business Services Company Research Reports


The business services industry encompasses specialized companies providing various types of business-related services to other firms. Business services can be classified into such types as accounting, marketing, security, advertising, internal audit, consulting, risk management, recruitment, finance, transportation, etc. 
The business services market is highly fragmented, so there are no noticeably dominant players able to control the industry. EA Consulting Asia Pacific, Sutherland Global Service, HTC Global Services, McKinsey, BCG are amid the most renowned players of the worldwide market. 
The catalogue “Business Services Company Reports” contains a raft of research studies devoted to players of the business services market. The reports offer in-depth examinations of the competitive landscape, present SWOT analyses, and review their performances.  The researches also contain valuable data on the companies’ owners, senior management, locations, subsidiaries, markets, product portfolios and history. The reports not only offer companies’ profiles, but also cover their business activities. Valuable data on M&As, new product launches and company news digest are available in the research studies, too.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                    --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                        --Japan
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Malaysia
                                                                                                                                                        --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                        --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                        --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                        --Taiwan
                                                                                --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            

Business Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Business Strategies Group
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Timetric
                    



                            Found
                                 2950 publications                    



Zippi Networks, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zippi Networks, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhongyuan Environment-Protection Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhongyuan Environment-Protection Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhonghui Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhonghui Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Guangbo Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Guangbo Group Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamage Digital Art Imaging, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamage Digital Art Imaging, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yusen Logistics Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yusen Logistics Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yuasa Funashoku Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yuasa Funashoku Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Young Jin Infra CO., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Young Jin Infra CO., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YouGov PLC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YouGov PLC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YouChange Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YouChange Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Maruuo Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Maruuo Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yokohama Gyorui Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yokohama Gyorui Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yem Chio Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yem Chio Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yangjisa Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yangjisa Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamada Servicer Synthetic Office Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamada Servicer Synthetic Office Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Y-Entec Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Y-Entec Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xpress Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xpress Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinyinhai Technology, Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinyinhai Technology, Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xerius Bioscience Ag - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xerius Bioscience Ag - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WSP Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WSP Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


W.S. Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
W.S. Industries Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WS Atkins plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Workforce Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Workforce Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Work Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Work Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Woobangland Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Woobangland Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WISE Group AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WISE Group AB - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windswept Environmental Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windswept Environmental Group, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WindPower Innovations, Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WindPower Innovations, Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wincanton plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wincanton plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilson Learning Worldwide - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilson Learning Worldwide - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Willy Food Investments Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Willy Food Investments Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wilhelmina International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wilhelmina International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Widetech Malaysia Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Widetech Malaysia Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Worldwide Food Services, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Worldwide Food Services, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Worldwide Auction Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Worldwide Auction Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WHK Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WHK Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Western Lucrative Enterprises, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Western Lucrative Enterprises, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


West Mountain Capital Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
West Mountain Capital Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wescorp Energy Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wescorp Energy Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wesco Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wesco Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wellcom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wellcom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wellco Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wellco Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Weathernews Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Weathernews Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wdb Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wdb Co.,Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WCA Waste Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WCA Waste Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waterman Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waterman Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Water Hall Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Water Hall Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waste Management, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waste Management, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Waste Connections Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Waste Connections Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Global Warming Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Global Warming Solutions, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:


























Norcon Plc - Relationship Science
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Norcon Plc



Overview
Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Transaction Advisors Financials



Norcon Plc



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2008




Headquarters


5 Andrea Kalvou Street, P.o. Box 54843, Limassol, 3728, Cyp




Industries


Management Consulting

Other Business & Consulting Services




Company Description


Norcon Plc provides project management and consulting services. It offers market analysis, design and engineering, business plans, planning, and infrastructure and systems. The company was founded on June 2, 2008 and is headquartered in Limassol, Cyprus.




Website


http://www.norconplc.com





 Executives & Employees



Trond Helge Tostrup

Executive Chairman




Gaute Vik

Executive Director





Arne Dag Aanensen

Chief Financial Officer






See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Trond Helge Tostrup

Executive Chairman at Norcon Plc




Jørn Arve Longem

Managing Director at Teleplan Holding AS





Gaute Vik




Arne Dag Aanensen

Chief Financial Officer at Norcon Plc







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Norcon Plc



                        Norcon Plc                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Norcon Plc






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Norcon Plc.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Norcon Plc issued Ordinary Shares                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Norcon Plc issued Ordinary Shares                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Norcon Plc issued Ordinary Shares                                                                    





 Transaction Advisors



Companies ▾




Broker



finnCap Ltd.

                                        Advised on
                                        Norcon Plc issued Ordinary Shares                                    




Legal Advisor



Cains Advocates Ltd.

                                        Advised on
                                        Norcon Plc issued Ordinary Shares                                    




Legal Advisor



Chrysses Demetriades & Co. LLC

                                        Advised on
                                        Norcon Plc issued Ordinary Shares                                    




Broker



JMFinn Capital Markets Ltd.

                                        Advised on
                                        Norcon Plc issued Ordinary Shares                                    




Auditor



Pannells LLP

                                        Advised on
                                        Norcon Plc issued Ordinary Shares                                    






See 1 more listing with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1 More 






 Key Stats and Financials as of 



Market Capitalization


$9.74M






See financial details and more using RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















Norcon Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Business & Finance

Business Services

Business Services Company Reports





Norcon Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
N16E0FC28EFB1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





Norcon Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of Norcon Plc with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of Norcon Plc key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key Norcon Plc competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 NORCON PLC - OVERVIEW

1.1 Norcon Plc - Business Description
1.2 Norcon Plc - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 Norcon Plc - Milestones and History

2 NORCON PLC - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 NORCON PLC - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 NORCON PLC - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 NORCON PLC - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 Norcon Plc - Strengths
5.2 Norcon Plc - Weaknesses
5.3 Norcon Plc - Opportunities
5.4 Norcon Plc - Threats

6 NORCON PLC – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 Norcon Plc - Financial Snapshot
6.2 Norcon Plc – Stock Market Snapshot

7 NORCON PLC - KEY COMPETITORS

8 NORCON PLC - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: Norcon Plc Key Facts 
Table 2: Norcon Plc Offices and Representations 
Table 3: Norcon Plc Milestones and History 
Table 4: Norcon Plc Key Executives 
Table 5: Norcon Plc Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: Norcon Plc Major Shareholders 
Table 7: Norcon Plc Products and Services
Table 8: Norcon Plc SWOT Analysis
Table 9: Norcon Plc Profitability 
Table 10: Norcon Plc Management Effectiveness
Table 11: Norcon Plc Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: Norcon Plc Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: Norcon Plc Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: Norcon Plc Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Norcon Plc Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: Norcon Plc Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: Norcon Plc Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: Norcon Plc Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: Norcon Plc Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: Norcon Plc Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: Norcon Plc 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: Norcon Plc 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Advantech Technologies (IT) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Bestway International Holdings Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Unifi Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Sequent Scientific Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


JM Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Norcon Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Financial Services Banking Cards Credit & Loans Financial Company Reports Investment Mortgage Payment Other Financial Services  Insurance General Insurance Health Insurance Insurance Company Reports Life Insurance Property Insurance Reinsurance Auto Insurance  Business Services Accounting & Tax Services Advertising Brokerage Business Support Business Services Company Reports Consulting Diversified Services Company Reports Franchise Wealth Management  Real Estate Real Estate Company Reports  Business Survey 












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:




















 




NCON.L | Norcon PLC share price | Fundamentals and charts | IG AU
































































Personal


Logout


                        My IG
                    






                    English
            

                    简体中文
            

                    繁體中文
            



Personal
Institutional








IG






    Create account



    Login



Menu

Menu



                            Search
                        




                    English
            

                    简体中文
            

                    繁體中文
            






Help



Contact






Australia
                            
                            




Search
Search












    Login



    Create account






                        Share trading
                        





                                    Share trading
                                



                                       Charges and fees
                                    



                                       Our collateral service
                                    



                                       Transfer shares to IG
                                    



                                       Important documents
                                    



                                       How to buy shares
                                    





                        CFD trading
                        





                                    CFD trading
                                



                                       Charges and margins
                                    



                                       Is CFD trading for me?
                                    



                                       What are the risks?
                                    



                                       CFD account details
                                    



                                       What is CFD trading
                                    



                                       How does CFD trading work
                                    



                                       How to trade CFDs with IG
                                    



                                       What can you trade with a CFD
                                    





                        Indices
                        





                                    Indices
                                



                                       Indices trading costs and contract details
                                    





                        Forex
                        





                                    Forex
                                



                                       Costs and details
                                    



                                       Forex Direct
                                    



                                       Forex volume rebate
                                    



                                       What is forex trading
                                    



                                       How does forex trading work
                                    



                                       How to trade forex with IG
                                    





                        Other markets
                        





                                    Other markets
                                



                                       Shares
                                    



                                       IG digital 100s
                                    



                                       Commodities
                                    



                                       Cryptocurrency trading
                                    



                                       Options
                                    



                                       AUD-denominated CFDs
                                    



                                       Interest rates
                                    



                                       Sectors
                                    



                                       Bonds
                                    



                                       ETPs
                                    



                                       IPOs
                                    



                                       Sunday trading
                                    



                                       ETFs
                                    





                        Trading platforms
                        





                                    Trading platforms
                                



                                       Web
                                    



                                       Trading apps
                                    



                                       MetaTrader 4
                                    



                                       Advanced platforms
                                    



                                       Platform features
                                    



                                       Compare features
                                    





                        Analysis
                        





                                    Analysis
                                



                                       News and analysis 
                                    



                                       Economic calendar
                                    



                                       Weekly market report
                                    



                                       IG TV
                                    



                                       Market data
                                    



                                       Signal Centre
                                    



                                       Financial outlook 2017
                                    



                                       UK general election 2017
                                    





                        Education
                        





                                    Education
                                



                                       Learn to trade
                                    



                                       Trading webinars 
                                    



                                       CFD introduction programme
                                    



                                       IG Academy app
                                    



                                       Glossary of trading terms
                                    





                        About IG
                        





                                    About IG
                                



                                       Corporate accounts
                                    



                                       Premium services
                                    



                                       Why IG?
                                    



                                       Protecting your money
                                    



                                       Affiliates
                                    



                                       IG Community
                                    











                                          Analysis
                            








                                    News and analysis 
                                



                                    Economic calendar
                                



                                    Weekly market report
                                



                                    IG TV
                                



                                    Market data
                                



                                    Signal Centre
                                



                                    Financial outlook 2017
                                



                                    UK general election 2017
                                

















                
                Over 40 years’ heritage
                
            


                
                Over 185,000 clients worldwide
                
            


                
                Over 15,000 markets
                
            








Norcon PLC

                Change: 0% (0.00 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            













             Open an account now

        



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    










CFD: 
-









                0%
            

                0.00pts
            


            High: 
            Low: 




Sell





Buy
22.50












Details for Norcon PLC -



Dealing Minimum size 
    1 Share(s)

25%
 Minimum stop distance 
    0.10
 Min guaranteed stop distance 
    12.5%
 Slippage factor 
    60.0%



Market hours 17:00 - 01:30 (Australian - Melbourne Local Time)
    




Margin requirements
Your aggregate position in this market will be margined in the following tiers:




Tier
 Position size (Share(s)) 
Margin


1
0 - 4000
25%


2
4000 - 12000
40%


3
12000 - 20000
75%


4
20000 +
75%




If your aggregate position is larger than Tier 1, your margin requirement will not be reduced by non-guaranteed stops.
Please note: we have tried to ensure that the information here is as accurate as possible, but it is intended for guidance only and any errors will not be binding on us.




Special info
[Unborrowable, Non-leveraged only]



Create account
Log in














Norcon PLC

                Change: 0% (0.00 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            










                                Already an IG client?
                                Log in to trade










    

    Buy/Sell

    
        







             Open an account

        
Already an IG client? Log in to trade
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Demo account
        



                            Create Account
                    

















             Find a market to trade

        



Share Finder














             Why trade with IG?

        



Live prices, data
Plus news and opinion from our expert analysts





Over 15,000 global markets
With trading opportunities 24 hours a day





Desktop, mobile, tablet
Seamless functionality with our multi-device platform







Spreads from 0.4 points
Plus tiered margining for even better value





MT4 platform
Outstanding execution with no third-party bridges





Advanced charting
100+ technical indicators and automated trading with ProRealTime













             Open an account now

        
There's no minimum balance to open an account, it takes less than five minutes, and there's no obligation to fund or trade.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    




























             Sign up today

        
Open an IG account and start trading today, or test-drive our platform with a risk-free demo.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    










             You might be interested in...

        




Our charges

Our charges are clear and transparent, so you’ll always know what fees to expect.






Charting packages

Use IG charts and advanced ProRealTime and Autochartist packages.






Execution and pricing

Get fast, reliable execution and the best available prices.










































Markets
Share Trading
Share CFDs
Forex
Indices
Commodities
Other markets









Trading platforms
Web platform
Trading apps
Advanced platforms
Demo account









Analysis
News and analysis
Economic calendar
IG TV










About
Corporate accounts
Premium services
Affiliates
Charges and margins
IG Community
Refer a friend



















Contact us
T: +61 (3) 9860 1734
E: helpdesk.au@ig.com
@IGClientHelp
Follow us online.









AU







IG | Sitemap | Terms and agreements | Privacy | Help and support | How to fund | Cookies | About IG








Follow us online:

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Google Plus












CFDs are a leveraged product and can result in losses that exceed deposits.  You do not own or have any interest in the underlying asset. Please consider the Margin Trading Product Disclosure Statement (PDS) before entering into any CFD transaction with us.
The value of shares and ETFs bought through an IG share trading account can fall as well as rise, which could mean getting back less than you originally put in.
Please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure. 
IG does not issues advice, recommendations or opinion in relation to acquiring, holding or disposing of our products. IG is not a financial advisor and all services are provided on an execution only basis.
This website is owned and operated by IG Markets Limited. ABN 84 099 019 851, AFSL 220440. Derivatives issuer licence in New Zealand, FSP No. 18923
The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States or any particular country outside Australia or New Zealand and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.





















2003-2017















 IG Group | Careers













                    Your capital is at risk. CFDs can result in losses that exceed your initial deposit. Please ensure you fully understand the risks involved.
                






























Holding(s) in Company | Norcon PLC (NCON) | RNS Company Announcements | Equities  | FE Trustnet

























 


















Trustnet








Login


















To continue using this website, please tell us a  little about yourself:
 I am a financial adviser
 I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
 I am a financial paraplanner
 I work in financial services
 I am a private investor


   This site uses cookies.  Some of the cookies are essential for parts of the site to operate and have already been set.  
   You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but if you do, parts of the site may not work.  To find out more 
   about cookies on the website and how to delete cookies, see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
   
 I accept the FE Trustnet cookie policy


Continue

For more information Click here






Investments

Unit Trusts & OEICs

Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


IA Unit Trusts & OEICs

IA Unit Trusts & OEICs Home
Prices & Performance
Multi-manager & Mixed Asset
Special Reports
IA UT&OEIC Ratings
A-Z Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Equities

Equities Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Equity Factsheets
Latest announcements


Investment Trusts

Investment Trusts Home
Prices & Performance
Investment Trust Ratings
A-Z Investment Trust Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Warrants
A-Z Sectors
Split Capital Analytics
Investment Trust Guide
Most viewed investment trusts
Most viewed groups


Pensions

Pensions Home
Prices & Performance
Pension Fund Ratings
A-Z Pension Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Pension Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Life

Life Home
Prices & Performance
A-Z Life Fund Ratings
A-Z Life Fund Factsheets
A-Z Life Group Factsheets
A-Z Life Product Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Life insurance glossary
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Offshore Funds

Offshore Funds Home
Prices & Performance
Offshore Fund Ratings
A-Z Offshore Fund Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
Offshore Funds Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


ETFs

ETFs Home
ETF Prices & Performance
ETF Fund Ratings
A-Z ETF Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
A-Z Sectors
ETFs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


VCTs

VCTs Home
VCT Prices & Performance
A-Z VCT Factsheets
VCTs Guide
Most viewed funds
Most viewed groups


Structured Products

Structured Products Home
A-Z Structured Product Factsheets
A-Z Group Factsheets
Structured products guide
Structured products glossary




Fund Managers

Fund Managers Home
Alpha managers
League table 
A-Z manager factsheets 


News & Research

News & Research Home
News Archive
Education guides

Education guides home
Emerging Market

ETFs
Unit Trust & OEIC

Investment trust


                                Offshore funds 
ISAs 


FE Trustnet Videos 
Bright-talk Videos 


Learning

Learn about investing
Investment basics

Pensions
Investing in a fund
Investment trusts
Exchange
                                Traded Funds (ETFs)
Passive funds
                                and trackers
What is an ISA?


What to invest in?

Bonds
Equities
Property
Commodities


Where to invest?

UK
US
Europe
Emerging markets
Asia


How to invest?


                                Setting objectives for your portfolio
Asset allocation
                                - the basics
Measuring performance

                                Onshore and offshore - what’s the difference


Fund ratings

About FE Ratings
FE Crown Fund Ratings
FE Passive Fund Ratings
FE Alpha Manager
                                Ratings
FE Risk Scores
The Adviser Fund
                                Index




Portfolio

Portfolio Home
Watchlist
Alerts


Tools

Home
Fundswire

Fundswire Home
Manage my alerts


Charting
Find an IFA
Pension Calculator
IFA tools

IFA tools home
FE AFI
Client Fund Profiler
Structured Products
Whitelabel Factsheets




Passive FundsNew

Passive Funds Homepage
Sectors

UK Equities
North American Equities
European Equities
Japanese Equities
Emerging Market Equities
UK Gilts
Property
Sterling Corporate Bonds
Index-Linked Gilts









Reading List




Clear all list



0


Your Basket


Aberdeen Global Indian Equity D2 GBP 





Open basket


















Login







Select Account..




Login
 Remember Me

Password Reminder
Not Registered? Click Here







Register





*

*

*



*


*

Choose a User Type
I am a financial adviser
I am a discretionary fund manager / multimanager
I am a financial paraplanner
I work in financial services
I am a private investor

*
 I accept your terms of use
 Send me FE Trustnet bulletins
Register





It's look like you're leaving us

            What would you like us to do with the funds you've selected
        
Show me all my options
        Forget them
        Save them 

            Remember my choice











        Customise this table













Company
EPIC/TIDM
SEDOL/ISIN
































Share


Tweet






 
                    Print   
                     
                    RSS





Norcon PLC (NCON)



Norcon PLC

Holding(s) in Company

RNS Number : 1900C Norcon PLC 24 June 2016  

NORCON PLC
("Norcon" or the "Company")
 
Notification of Holding in Company
 
Norcon (AIM: NCON), the global communications network specialist, was notified on 23 June 2016 that on that date Norconsult Telematics Holdings LTD. (a company controlled by Jørn Longem, Non-Executive Director of the Company and a company that Trond Tostrup, Executive Chairman of the Company, Arne Dag Aanensen, Chief Financial Officer of the Company and Gaute Vik, Executive Director of the Company are directors of), purchased 20,000 ordinary shares of 1 penny each in the capital of the Company ("Ordinary Shares") at a price of 19 pence per Ordinary Shares.
Following the above transaction, Norconsult Telematics Holdings LTD., now holds a total of 34,385,511 Ordinary Shares, representing 69.75% of the Company's total voting rights.
 
For further information, please contact:




Norcon plc 


 




Trond Tostrup, Executive Chairman


+47 901 69 369




Arne Dag Aanensen, Chief Financial Officer 


+357 25736830




 


 




finnCap Ltd


 




Corporate Finance- Stuart Andrews/Emily Watts


+44 (0) 20 7220 0500




 


 




ABOUT NORCON:
 
Established in 1957, Norcon (LSE/AIM: NCON) has been a trusted consultant and project manager for more than half a century to governments and some of the world's largest global firms. These organisations rely on Norcon to select, implement and maintain a communication infrastructure that not only matches, but also supports the critical needs of their operations. Norcon's strength lies in its understanding of complex communication networks and their design.  

www.norconplc.com
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  HOLUSRWRNSANURR











quick links
Equity Home
Equity Prices and Performance
Latest announcements


our product portfolio
www.trustnet.com
www.trustnetoffshore.com
www.trustnetmiddleeast.com


 
www.investegate.co.uk
www.fundlistings.com
FE Analytics


 
Data feeds
Factsheet and literature Production
Webtools










Data provided by FE. Care has been taken to ensure that the information is correct, but FE neither warrants, represents nor guarantees the contents of information, nor does it accept any responsibility for errors, inaccuracies, omissions or any inconsistencies herein. Past performance does not predict future performance, it should not be the main or sole reason for making an investment decision. The value of investments and any income from them can fall as well as rise.



Login
Help
Contact Us









For Equity investors
FE Investegate
For Private investors
Trustnet Direct
For Professional investors
FE Invest
FE Analytics
FE Data feeds
FE Fund listings
For International investors
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Middle East


Quick links
Trustnet-Magazine
Investment research
FE Trustnet videos
Top rated funds
Top performing funds
Find a fund
Build a portfolio
The UK’s best fund managers
Performance charting
About us


Fund performance
IA unit trusts & OEICs
Equities
Investment trusts
Pension funds
Life funds
Offshore funds
ETFs
Venture capital trusts


Stay connected with FE Trustnet






Trustnet mobile website















LATEST :
Five reasons to keep hold of your defensive funds
13:00 | Monday, January 20, 2014






You are currently using an old browser which will not be supported by Trustnet after 31/07/2016.  To ensure you benefit from all features on the site, please update your browser.   Close 






















                © Trustnet Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
                Please read our Terms of Use / Disclaimer and Privacy and
                    Cookie Policy.
                Data supplied in conjunction with Thomson Financial Limited, London Stock Exchange
                Plc, StructuredRetailProducts.com and ManorPark.com
















FE Investegate |Norcon PLC Announcements | Norcon PLC: Final Results























We use cookies on our website. If you continue to browse our website without taking any action, we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies from our website.
Read More Dismiss


Financial Express (Holdings) Limited (“we”, “our”, “us” and derivatives) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, sets out the basis on which any personal data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us relating to your use of any of the below websites (“sites”).

FEAnalytics.com
FEInvest.net
FETransmission.com
Investegate.co.uk
Trustnet.hk
Trustnetoffshore.com
Trustnetmiddleeast.com

For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is Trustnet Limited of 2nd Floor, Golden House, 30 Great Pulteney Street, London, W1F 9NN. Our nominated representative for the purpose of this Act is Kirsty Witter.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
We collect information about you when you register with us or use any of our websites / services. Part of the registration process may include entering personal details & details of your investments.
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your operating system, browser version, domain name and IP address and details of the website that you came from, in order to improve this site.
You confirm that all information you supply is accurate.
COOKIES
In order to provide personalised services to and analyse site traffic, we may use a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the sites to operate and may be used to deliver you different content, depending on the type of investor you are. 
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or part of our sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon as you visit our sites.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We store and use information you provide as follows:

to present content effectively;
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which may interest you, tailored to your specific interests, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and us;
to enable you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to improve our content by tracking group information that describes the habits, usage, patterns and demographics of our customers.

We may also send you emails to provide information and keep you up to date with developments on our sites. It is our policy to have instructions on how to unsubscribe so that you will not receive any future e-mails. You can change your e-mail address at any time.
In order to provide support on the usage of our tools, our support team need access to all information provided in relation to the tool.
We will not disclose your name, email address or postal address or any data that could identify you to any third party without first receiving your permission.
However, you agree that we may disclose to any regulatory authority to which we are subject and to any investment exchange on which we may deal or to its related clearing house (or to investigators, inspectors or agents appointed by them), or to any person empowered to require such information by or under any legal enactment, any information they may request or require relating to you, or if relevant, any of your clients.
You agree that we may pass on information obtained under Money Laundering legislation as we consider necessary to comply with reporting requirements under such legislation.
ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION AND CORRECTION
We want to ensure that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information that is inaccurate.
You have the right under data protection legislation to access information held about you. If you wish to receive a copy of any personal information we hold, please write to us at 3rd Floor, Hollywood House, Church Street East, Woking, GU21 6HJ. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, amongst other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary, including the use of encryption, to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our sites; any transmission is at your own risk. You will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless we have been negligent or in wilful default.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
OTHER WEBSITES
Our sites contain links to other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
CONTACT
If you want more information or have any questions or comments relating to our privacy policy please email [email protected] in the first instance.







FE Trustnet UK  |  FE Trustnet Offshore  |  FE Trustnet Hong Kong  |  FE Trustnet Middle East  |  FE Analytics  |  FE Fundlistings


 Rss  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Help





 



Company announcements
Company news
FE Trustnet Fundswire







Today's announcements
Most read announcements
Announcements archive
Advanced search





 Email address
 Password
  Register
|
 Login











 Information
 X 


Enter a valid email address


 Show me how to log in	  Forgot password?











Keyword
Company
EPIC/TIDM
SEDOL/ISIN
News





















Price
Announcements
Fundamentals
News
Article
RSS





Norcon PLC (NCON)


Add to Alerts list








 
                    Print   
                     
                    Mail a friend
                
                   
                     
                    Annual reports





Wednesday 30 April, 2014


Norcon PLC
Final Results

RNS Number : 8725F Norcon PLC 30 April 2014  

 
 
Norcon plc
 
("Norcon" or the "Company")
 
FINAL RESULTS 
 
For the twelve months ended 31 December 2013
 
 
Norcon plc (LSE/AIM: NCON), the global communications network specialist, is pleased to announce audited results for the year ended 31 December 2013.  Despite a decline in annual revenues, in line with the Directors' expectations under the 3 year long-term investment strategy commenced 2012, the Group has diversified into new markets and expanded its services portfolio. 
 
During 2013 steady progress was achieved with the Group's transition plan, which will deliver a stable platform for future growth, limit the business' exposure to single markets/customers and widen the portfolio of services to include key differentiators across our propositions.
 
In 2013 new customers and projects were added across all the Group's markets with a mix of legacy and new services. Although these projects may not be of high financial value, they are of significant strategic value in that they open up new key accounts and also lower Norcon's dependency on certain markets/customers.
 
The Directors believe the business is now positioned on a much stronger platform to achieve future growth across all the Group's markets.
 
 
 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Trading has been consistent with the Directors' expectations for the year:
 
·      Revenue of US$46.1m (FY 2012: US$49.6m) 
·      Operating profit of US$0.4m (FY 2012: US$0.3m)
·      Loss before tax of US$0.3m (FY 2012: loss of US$0.6m) 
·      Loss after tax of US$2.0m (FY 2012: loss of US$1.7m)
·      Available cash at year-end US$12.0m of which unrestricted balance is US$ 5.1m 
·      Pro forma loss per share on a basic basis of US$0.04 (FY 2012: loss per share of US$0.03) based on 48,800,808 shares being in issue at 31 December 2013. 
.
 
 
OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
 
·      Business in North America now fairly established, and achieving expected growth in revenues. 
·      European business now delivering a number of projects, in its second year of operation. 
·      Wider business benefitting from the transfer of knowledge of new initiatives being deployed in the European market, as planned.
·      Services product portfolio enhanced and extended into Engineering based solutions.
·      Engagements secured in Asia utilising the combination of legacy and newly developed services.
 
 
OUTLOOK
In 2014 the Group will continue to invest in diversification by geography and product. The Directors expect 2014 revenue to show an upward trend compared to 2013, but the impact on overall performance will not be significant before 2015 and beyond.
 
 
 
Commenting on the results Norcon Chairman, Trond Tostrup, said: 
 
"2013 has undoubtedly proved to be another challenging year for Norcon. However, last year I expressed confidence that we were well placed to start seeing the results of our transition strategy into an expanding marketplace and I am pleased to report that this has been the case.
 
"Furthermore I am pleased to report that our historical reliance on one major client in Saudi Arabia has been further reduced with our changing geographical distribution. New markets in the US and Europe now account for more than 10% of our turnover and our presence in Asia is growing.
 
"Our focus as a company, and as a Board, is to return Norcon to profitability and our efforts to grow our business will remain our key priority going forward. Looking into the expanding marketplace we serve I am confident of success. 2014 will see the company continuing to invest in the key personnel necessary for our geographical growth and 2015 is expected to bring the full benefits of our cost reduction plan, started in 2012/13 and our expansion into new marketplaces.
 
We benefit from a dedicated and highly capable team in the Norcon Group. These people are our greatest asset and I thank every Norcon colleague for their commitment, enthusiasm and efforts throughout the year." 







For further information, please contact:
 




Norcon plc 







Trond Tostrup, Chairman 


+4790169369




Arne Dag Aanensen, Chief Financial Officer 


+35799015433 












finnCap 







Corporate Finance - Stuart Andrews or Charlotte Stranner


+44 (0) 20 7600 1658












 
 
 
About Norcon:
 
Established in 1957, Norcon (LSE/AIM: NCON) has been a trusted consultant and project manager for more than half a century to the private sector and government agencies.  These organisations rely on Norcon to select, implement and maintain a communication infrastructure that not only matches, but also supports the critical needs of their operations.  Norcon's strength lies in its understanding of complex communication networks and their design.  
 
www.norconplc.com


 
CHAIRMAN'S  STATEMENT
 
 
 
2013 has undoubtedly proved to be another challenging year for Norcon Plc. However, last year I expressed confidence that we were well placed to start seeing the results of our transition strategy into an expanding marketplace and I am pleased to report that this has been the case.
 
We have continued to make additional investment in both personnel and new markets and this has resulted in our EBITDA being positive and the Group reporting a small loss before taxes. By developing a more sophisticated product mix to better position our offering in the value chain we are beginning to get real traction although clearly it takes time to penetrate new customers and geographical markets.
 
I am pleased to report that our historical reliance on one major client in Saudi Arabia has been further reduced with our changing geographical distribution. New markets in the US and Europe now account for more than 10% of our turnover and our presence in Asia is growing.
 
As communications play an ever important role the corresponding need for new technologies to expand existing capacity, and widen product and service offerings, are key for the growth in our market. Figures from IDATE, July 2013, show Telecom Capex globally estimated at € 237 bn, of which € 101.6 bn emanates from the Asian-Pacific area. I am pleased to tell you we are well positioned to take advantage of such investment programmes.
 
Our focus as a company, and as a Board, is to return Norcon to profitability and our efforts to grow our business will remain our key priority going forward. Looking into the expanding marketplace we serve I am confident of success. 2014 will see the company continuing to invest in the key personnel necessary for our geographical growth and 2015 is expected to bring the full benefits of our cost reduction plan, started in 2012/13, and our expansion into new marketplaces.
 
We benefit from a dedicated and highly capable team in the Norcon Group. These people are our greatest asset and I thank every Norcon colleague for their commitment, enthusiasm and efforts throughout the year. 
 
 
 
 
Trond Tostrup
Executive chairman


 
Financial Review
 
We are pleased to release our audited numbers for the full year 2013. 
 
Summary
 
2013 has been a challenging year for Norcon. We have experienced reduced revenue but managed to increase our operational margins. Norcon is still investing into further diversification in the market and had a strong net asset position of US$ 21m at the year end.
 
Revenue for 2013 totalled US$46.1m (FY 2012: US$49.6m). In 2013 we experienced a revenue decline from a major customer in the Middle East.  A large part of this reduction has been recovered from other new customers in Asia, Europe and North America.  This is evidence that our diversification strategy is going to plan. 
 
EBIT for 2013 was US$0.4m (FY 2012: US$0.3m).  Even with a drop in revenue, we managed to maintain our margins.
 
Loss after tax of US$2.0m for 2013 compared to a loss for 2012 of US$1.7m.  The underlying tax rates in the respective jurisdictions are detailed in the notes to the accounts. 
 
Pro forma basic loss per share was US$0.04 for the full year compared to a loss per share of US$0.03 in 2012.  The weighted average number of shares in 2013 was 48,800,808, unchanged from 2012.
 
Costs 
 
Cost of sales totalled US$39.8m for the year compared to US$43.9m in 2012.  Our cost cutting programme contributed to the improved margins compared to 2012.
 
Other operating costs, including net, operating and administration expenses totalled US$6.0m for the year, up from US$5.4m in 2012. The increase is partly due to our investment in the market but is also due to legacy costs related to restructuring of the company. 
 
Net other costs decreased to US$0.7m from US$1.0m, largely related to lower financial expenses.  
 
Taxation 
 
Accrued taxes amounted to US$1.7m during 2013 (FY 2012: US$1.0m). The underlying tax rates in the countries in which we operate are detailed in the notes to the accounts. Though the Consolidated Statements show a negative margin, some highly profitable projects create taxable profits.
 
Foreign Exchange 
 
The Company is continuing its policy of denominating revenue and expenses either in the local currency if pegged to the US dollar or in US dollars to the extent feasible.  Foreign exchange translation gains and losses in the period are shown in the accounts, and remained at a similar level compared to last year. 
 
Cash Flow
 
Cash flow continued to be positive for the year as a whole.  Our cash position for 2013 is higher compared to 2012 due to an increase in borrowings.  2013 showed an decrease in net cash flows from operating activities from US$2.6m in 2012 to US$ 0.3m.
 
 
Balance Sheet 
 
The balance sheet performance of the Company was strong.
 
As at 31 December 2013, available cash was US$5.1m (FY 2012: US$4.2) with net cash of US$8.3m (FY 2012: US$8.2m). 
 
The Company remains in a net asset position, with net assets decreasing to US$20.9m in 2013 (FY 2012: US$22.8m).  
 
Total trade and other receivables remained the same at US$ 30.1m.  Trade and unbilled receivable balances increased slightly year on year to a total of US$25.8m from a total of US$25.6m in 2012. Work in Process (unbilled receivables) increased to US$6.3m in 2013 compared to US$1.0m in 2012. Retentions receivable decreased to US$0.5m compared to US$0.8m in 2012.  
 
Trade payables have increased to US$9.6m as at year-end 2013 compared to US$7.7m in the preceding year.
 
In non-current liabilities, the accrual related to employees terminal benefits decreased to US$7.5m from US$8.4m in 2012.
 
Retained earnings and other reserves totalled US$20.m as at the end of 2013 compared to US$21.8m as at the end of the 2012.  Share capital remains at US$ 0.9m.
 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 
 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of Norcon and its branches and subsidiary companies have been audited by PKF Savvides & Co Ltd., the Company's auditor.  These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union (EU) under the historical cost convention.
 
 
Arne Dag Aanensen
Chief Financial Officer 
 


 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME  
Year ended 31 December 2013
 
 
 







2013


2012







US$


US$















Revenue


      46.050.736 


    49.627.733 




Cost of sales


    (39.785.044) 


  (43.869.869) 







        6.265.692 


     5.757.864 















Other income


                  35 


        11.596




Profit from investing activities


            49.325 


          31.726 




Administration expenses


      (5.951.248) 


   (5.481.692) 







                    


                    




Operating profit


          363.804 


        319.494 















Finance costs


        (685.721) 


      (933.028) 




Share of results of associates before tax


            (6.050) 


        (28.944) 




Loss before tax


        (327.967) 


      (642.478) 















Tax


      (1.664.674) 


   (1.021.918) 




Net loss for the year


      (1.992.641) 


   (1.664.396) 




 
Other comprehensive income


                   -   


                 -  




Total comprehensive loss for the year


      (1.992.641) 


   (1.664.396) 















Attributable to:










Equity holders of the parent


      (1.948.314) 


   (1.714.073) 




Non‑controlling interests


          (44.327) 


          49.677 







      (1.992.641) 


   (1.664.396) 















Basic loss per share attributable to equity holders of the parent (cent)


   ___     (3,99) 


           (3,51) 




Diluted loss per share attributable to equity holders of the parent (cent)


            (3,99) 


           (3,51) 




 
 
 
 
  
 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
31 December 2013
 
 
 


















2013


2012







US$


US$




ASSETS





















Non‑current assets










Property, plant and equipment


          131.214


        169.888




Investments in associated undertakings


          555.217


        561.267




                                                                                                  


          686.431


        731.155















Current assets










Trade and other receivables


      30.106.371 


   30.047.453  




Short term deposits


6.220.659


     6.177.125




Cash at bank and in hand


       5.794.579


     4.820.904




                                                                                                  


      42.121.609 


   41.045.482 















Total assets


      42.808.040 


   41.776.637 















EQUITY AND LIABILITIES





















Equity










Share capital


          937.100


        937.100




Other reserves


      14.854.092


   14.778.260




Retained earnings 


       5.096.092


     7.027.917







      20.887.284


   22.743.277















Non‑controlling interests


              7.185


          51.512




Total equity


      20.894.469


   22.794.789















Non‑current liabilities










Employees' terminal benefits


       7.538.367


     8.382.345




                                                                                                  


       7.538.367


     8.382.345















Current liabilities










Trade and other payables


       9.567.430


     7.723.093




Borrowings


       3.749.095


     2.718.824




Current tax liabilities


       1.058.679


        157.586




                                                                                                  


      14.375.204


   10.599.503















Total liabilities


      21.913.571


   18.981.848















Total equity and liabilities


      42.808.040


   41.776.637




 



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
Year ended 31 December 2013
 
 
 







2013


2012







US$


US$




CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES










Loss before tax


        (327.967)


      (642.478)




Adjustments for:










Depreciation of property, plant and equipment


            65.920


          66.697




Exchange difference arising on the translation of non current assets in foreign currencies


                  19


              467




Exchange difference arising on the translation and consolidation of foreign companies' financial statements


          (31.454)


        107.034




Share of loss from associates


              6.050


          28.944




Gain from the sale of property, plant and equipment


              (35) 


          -




Employees terminal benefits


(843.978)


(2.132.545)




Interest income


          (49.325)


       (31.726)




Expenses recognised in comprehensive income in respect of equity-settled share-based payments


123,775


      -




Interest expense


          413.249


        416.698















Cash flows used in operations before working capital changes


        (643.746)


   (2.186.909)




(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables


          (58.918)


     5.216.290




Increase in trade and other payables


1.844.337


     1.180.520




(Increase)/decrease in short term deposits                                      


          (43.534)


          30.339




Cash flows from operations


       1.098.139


     4.240.240




Tax paid


        (763.581)


   (1.597.377)




Net cash flows from operating activities


          334.558


     2.642.863















CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES










Payment for purchase of property, plant and equipment


          (28.384)


        (77.094)




Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment


            1.154  


                  -




Interest received


            49.325


          31.726




Net cash flows from/(used in) investing activities


            22.095


        (45.368)















CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES










Repayments of borrowings


               -      


   (5.327.290)




Proceeds from borrowings


3.749.095


      -




Interest paid


        (413.249)


      (416.698)




Dividends paid


              -       


   (1.000.000)




Net cash flows from/(used in) financing activities


       3.335.846


   (6.743.988)















Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents


       3.692.499


   (4.146.493)




Cash and cash equivalents:










At beginning of the year


       2.102.080


     6.248.573




At end of the year


       5.794.579


     2.102.080




 
 
 
 
 
Selected notes to the accounts 
 
1. Incorporation and principal activities 
Country of incorporation 
 
The Company NORCON PLC (the ''Company'') was incorporated in the Isle of Man on 2 June 2008, as a company limited by shares under the Isle of Man companies act 2006.  On the 28 July 2008, the company became public and its shares were admitted to trading on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange.  Its registered office is at Fort Anne, Douglas, IM1 5PD, Isle of Man.
Principal activities
 
The principal activities of the Group, which are unchanged from last year, are the provision of project management and outsourcing services as well as consulting engineers.  The Group comprises of the holding company Norcon PLC, registered in the Isle of Man, the subsidiary company Norconsult Telematics Limited, registered in Cyprus (which includes branches/operations in Saudi Arabia, U.A.E. Abu Dhabi, Kuwait, Indonesia and Malaysia) and its subsidiary companies Norconsult Telematics and Company LLC registered in the Sultanate of Oman, Norconsult Telematics AS registered in Norway, the group of Norcon Global Management & Consulting Ltd registered in Cyprus and its subsidiary undertakings  Norcon Global Management  & Consulting Inc and Norcon Global Management and Consulting LLC registered in the state of Delaware, USA, Norconsult Telematics Integrated Solution Co. Ltd registered in the Republic of Sudan (dormant), Norconsult Telematics Ltd registered in Southern Sudan (dormant), Norconsult Telematics Ltd UK registered in the United Kingdom and the associate company Norconsult Telematics (Saudi) Ltd registered in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

In 2013 the Group has operated in the following countries: Saudi Arabia, Indonesia, Kuwait, UAE Abu Dhabi, Oman, Malaysia, Qatar, United Kingdom, Thailand and the United States of America.
2. Accounting policies 
 
The principal accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all years presented in these consolidated financial statements unless otherwise stated.
Basis of preparation 
 
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRSs) as adopted by the European Union (EU). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention.
 
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates and requires Management to exercise its judgment in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies. It also requires the use of assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  Although these estimates are based on Management's best knowledge of current events and actions, actual results may ultimately differ from those estimates. 
Adoption of new and revised IFRSs  
 
During the current period the Group adopted all the new and revised IFRSs and International Accounting Standards (IAS), which are relevant to its operations.  This adoption did not have a material effect on the accounting policies of the Group.

At the date of authorization of these financial statements some Standards were in issue but not yet effective. The Board of Directors expects that the adoption of these Standards in future periods will not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Group
3. Segmental analysis 
 
The consolidated entity operates in one business segment (telecommunications, IT and defence systems consulting) for primary reporting and four geographical segments for secondary reporting being as follows: United States of America, Europe, Middle East and Asia.
 




2013


Europe


United States of America


Middle East


Asia


Total







US$


US$


US$


US$


US$




Results



















(Loss)/income for the year


  (1.903.916)


        (58.823)


    (1.432.523)


   1.446.948


   (1.948.314)




Assets and Liabilities



















Segment assets


     4.215.417


        932.674


    34.307.989


   3.351.960


   42.808.040




Segment liabilities


     (496.584)


     (343.056)


  (16.656.297)


(4.417.634)


(21.913.571)




Other segment information



















Acquisition/(disposal) of fixed assets


             (897)


             2.346


               9.958


         15.310


           26.717




Depreciation


             2.513


             1.430


55.226


           6.751


           65.920




Net cash flow


     1.392.056


        (66.470)


       2.432.370


      (65.457)


      3.692.499




 




2012


Europe


United States of America


Middle East


Asia


Total







US$


US$


US$


US$


US$




Results



















(Loss)/income for the year


  (2.235.413)


     (212.964)


          (45.766)


      780.070


   (1.714.073)




Assets and Liabilities



















Segment assets


     1.783.893


        973.778


    37.849.059


   1.169.907


   41.776.637




Segment liabilities


     (946.339)


     (198.980)


  (16.294.109)


(1.542.420)


(18.981.848)




Other segment information



















Acquisition/(disposal) of fixed assets


             8.840


             3.354


            41.445


         23.455


           77.094




Depreciation


             2.058


                620


            62.637


           1.382


           66.697




Net cash flow


     (174.702)


          85.293


    (4.139.973)


         52.550


   (4.176.832)




4. Tax 
 







2013


2012







US$


US$




Overseas tax


          1.649.940


       1.017.198




Defence contribution ‑ current year 


                14.734


               4.720




Charge for the year


          1.664.674


       1.021.918




 
The tax on the Group's results before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the applicable tax rates as follows:







2012


2012







US$


US$




Loss before tax


           (327.967)


        (642.478)




 
Tax calculated at the applicable tax rates


             (40.996)


          (64.248)




Tax effect of allowances and income not subject to tax


                  2.826


             5.374




Tax effect of tax loss for the year 


                38.170


           58.874 




Defence contribution current year


                14.734


             4.720 




Overseas tax during the year


          1.649.940


       1.017.198




Tax charge


          1.664.674


       1.021.918




 
 
 
 
 




Corporation tax by country of operations:


2013


2012







US$


US$




Corporation tax for Kuwait


 413.841


 356.086




Corporation tax for South East Asia


            1.096.185


 562.043




Corporation tax for Malaysia


32.285


 75.602




Corporation tax for Norway


     20.421


23.467




Corporation tax for Norcon Global Management & Consulting


              87.208 


                      -       







1.649.940


1.017.198




 
The corporation tax rate is 12.5% (2012:10%).  The Board of Directors have decided to register the company as a Cyprus tax resident, as it is deemed that the management and control of the company is exercised in Cyprus.  In this respect tax computation under Cyprus tax law has been prepared.
 
Under certain conditions interest income may be subject to defence contribution at the rate of 30% ( 2012: 15%). In such cases this interest will be exempt from corporation tax. In certain cases, dividends received from abroad may be subject to defence contribution at the rate of 20% for the tax years 2012 and 2013 and 17% for 2014 and thereafter (up to 31 August 2011 the rate was 15% and was increased to 17% for the period thereafter to 31 December 2011.
 
Income tax on the Saudi Arabia branch has been provided for on the estimated taxable profit at 20% (2012: 20%).  As a result of a tax examination carried out for the years 2006 - 2012 by local tax authorities at the company's Saudi Arabian branch an additional tax liability in the amount of approximately US$535.000 (SAR 2.004.948) has arisen.
Upon verification of the settlement, deposits held against guarantees towards DZIT should within reasonable time be made available to the amount of USD 6,220,659. The claim is under evaluation by management in order to decide whether to raise an objection.

Income tax on the Kuwait branch has been provided for on the estimated taxable profit at 15% (2012: 15%).

Income tax on the SE Asia Operations branch has been provided for on the estimated taxable profit at 25% plus 20% on the profit after tax ‑ repatriation of profits (2012: 25% plus 20% on the profit after tax ‑ repatriation of profits).

Income tax of the Malaysia branch has been provided for on the estimated taxable profit at 25% (2012:25%).

The subsidiary company in Norway is subject to 28% tax of its income (2012: 28%).

The subsidiary company in Oman is subject to income tax at the rate of 12% on taxable income in excess of RO30.000.  
 
The subsidiary company in United Kingdom is subject  to 23.45% income tax on its taxable income. 
  
5. Loss per share attributable to equity holders of the parent 
 







2013


2012




Loss  attributable to shareholders (US$)


        (1.948.314)


     (1.714.073) 




 
Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year 


        48.800.808


     48.800.808 




Basic earnings per share (cent)


                  (3,99)


               (3,51) 












2013


2012


 







US$


US$


 




Loss attributable to shareholders (US$)


        (1.948.314)


     (1.714.073) 




 
Ordinary shares issued


        48.800.808


     48.800.808 







        48.800.808


     48.800.808 




Diluted earnings per share (cent)


                  (3,99)


               (3,51) 












 
 
 
 
 
 
6. Dividends 
 







2013


2012







US$


US$




Final dividend paid 


                -          


       1.000.000







                -          


       1.000.000




 
In October 2012, the Board of Directors paid a dividend of US$1.000.000 out of the 2011 profits.  The Board of Directors does not recommend the payment of a dividend for the year 2013.

Dividends are subject to a deduction of special contribution for defence at 20% for the tax years 2012 and 2013 and 17% for 2014 and thereafter for individual shareholders that are resident in Cyprus. Dividends payable to non‑residents of Cyprus are not subject to such a deduction.
 
 
7.  Trade and other receivables 
 







2013


2012







US$


US$




Trade receivables


        19.425.327


     24.630.238




Retentions receivable


              489.092


           767.588




Unbilled receivables


          6.346.929


           989.318




Deposits and prepayments


              927.491


           871.054




Other receivables


          2.825.658


       2.776.536




Refundable VAT


                91.874


             12.719







        30.106.371


     30.047.453




 
As at 31 December, the ageing of trade receivables is as follows:







2013


2012







US$


US$




Up to 30 days


          3.653.768


       9.808.451




31‑60 days


          2.552.572


       3.798.733




61‑ 90 days


          1.428.610


           620.808




91‑ 120 days


              853.812


             82.178




More than 120 days


        10.936.565


     10.320.068







        19.425.327


     24.630.238




 
The fair values of trade and other receivables due within one year approximate to their carrying amounts as presented above.
8. Trade and other payables 
 







2013


2012







US$


US$




Trade payables


          6.786.934


       4.851.746




Accruals


          1.555.440


       1.222.818




Other creditors


          1.225.056


       1.648.529







          9.567.430


       7.723.093




 
The fair values of trade and other payables due within one year approximate to their carrying amounts as presented above.
 
 
 
9. Contingent liabilities 
 
The bankers of the Saudi Arabia branch have given bank guarantees to the equivalent of US$6.210.451 (2012:US$6.403.499) in the normal course of the branch's business.

Letters of guarantee (Performance Bonds) for the Group's operations in UAE Abu Dhabi amounting to US$2.602.200 (2012:US$2.602.200) were in issue as at 31st December 2013.  An amount of US$650.550 (2012:US$650.550) (which represents 25% of the performance bond) is blocked from the branch's bank balances as security for the issue of this performance bond with the remaining balance being secured by the issue of a corporate guarantee from the branch's ultimate holding company Norcon Plc.  In addition, a letter of guarantee for AED50.000 for the registration of the Norconsult Abu Dhabi branch was in issue as at 31st December 2013 (2012:AED50.000).

As at 31 December 2013 a tender bond was in issue in favour of a potential client for US$ 27.200 (AED 100.000) which is blocked and expires on 31st of May 2014.
 
The company has provided a corporate guarantee of US$750.000 to its subsidiary company Norconsult Telematics Limited in favour of Societe Generale Bank‑ Cyprus Limited as a security among others for credit facilities provided by the bank to the subsidiary.
 
 
10. Events after the reporting period
 
As a result of a tax examination carried out for the years 2006 - 2012 by local tax authorities at the company's Saudi
Arabian branch an additional tax liability in the amount of approximately US$535.000 (SAR 2.004.948) has arisen.
Upon verification of the settlement, deposits held against guarantees towards DZIT should within reasonable time be made available the amount of USD 6,220,659. The claim is under evaluation by management as to whether to dispute it.
 
 
11. Annual accounts
 
Annual accounts for the year ended 31 December 2013 will be sent to shareholders shortly and will be available to view from the Company's website, www.norconplc.com 
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  FR SDDSMSFLSEEL





























            *All intraday prices are subject to a delay of fifteen (15) minutes.

            FE Investegate takes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information within
            this site.

            The announcements are supplied by the denoted source. Queries about the content
            of an announcement should be directed to the source. FE Investegate reserves the
            right to publish a filtered set of announcements. NAV, EMM/EPT, Rule 8 and FRN Variable
            Rate Fix announcements are filtered from this site.


     ©
                2017 Financial Express. All rights reserved. Visit other
                    FE websites
                    
Go to website
FE Trustnet UK
FE Trustnet Offshore
FE Trustnet Hong Kong
FE Trustnet Middle East
FE Analytics
FE Fundlistings








 Close 


To help us provide a better service, please select the description which fits you best...

Investor with a financial adviser or broker
Investor without a financial adviser or broker
Financial adviser
Market professional (broker, banker, solicitor, etc)
Discretionary fund manager
Institutional investor



Close this window
Why are you asking me this question?





Related Instruments












 This website is for Private Investors* only

To continue using FE Investegate, please confirm that you are a private investor.

I am a private investor * I am not a private investor



    *A Private Investor is a recipient of the information who meets all of the conditions set out below, the recipient:
    1. Obtains access to the information in a personal capacity;
    2. Is not required to be regulated or supervised by a body concerned with the regulation or supervision of investment or financial services;
    3. Is not currently registered or qualified as a professional securities trader or investment adviser with any national or state exchange, regulatory authority, professional association or recognised professional body;
    4. Does not currently act in any capacity as an investment adviser, whether or not they have at some time been qualified to do so;
    5. Uses the information solely in relation to the management of their personal funds and not as a trader to the public or for the investment of corporate funds;
    6. Does not distribute, republish or otherwise provide any information or derived works to any third party in any manner or use or process information or derived works for any commercial purposes.
    







 To continue to use FE Investegate, please confirm you are a private investor

This website is only for private investors. By using this site, you agree to use the content for private use only.
Please confirm that you are a private investor using the buttons below.

I am a private investor I am not a private investor












        a d v e r t i s e m e n t
































Services

















































                                        Home                                                            





                                        About Us                                                            





                                        Services                                                            





                                        Investor Relations                                                            






                                        Corporate Governance                                                            





                                        Financial Calendar                                                            





                                        Advisors                                                            





                                        Shareholders                                                            





                                        The Board                                                            





                                        Corporate Documents                                                            





                                        Annual & Interim Reports                                                            





                                        Annual General Meeting                                                            





                                        Extraordinary General Meeting                                                            





                                        Company Presentations                                                            





                                        Manage shareholding online                                                            









                                        News                                                            





                                        Get in Touch                                                            




































Norcon plc (LSE/AIM:NCON) is an independent, vendor neutral international leader providing services in the telecommunications, IT and defence sectors for more than 40 years. Private, public and government clients benefit from Norcon's ability to deliver results on time and on budget to assist them in analysing, procuring, implementing and operating cutting edge technology in their existing or new operations. Let Norcon provide you with a PM2 solution: a project, vendor and/or performance management option that fits your services need. 

Norcon plc is incorporated in The Isle Of Man, with management office in Limassol, Cyprus. The main areas of operation include North America, Middle East, Asia and Europe









































	  	Services
	  	
	  


Providing project management, performance management and other services for operators of telecommunications networks.



The Group's principal activity is providing project, vendor, performance management and outsourcing services for operators of telecommunications networks including fixed line and mobile telephone systems and data networks, assisting them with the installation or operation of telecommunications systems and to countries seeking advice on regulatory matters, defence systems, equipment and command and control facilities.The Group also has the experience, capabilities and methods to offer services such as project management, market analysis, design and engineering, planning and optimisation, vendor management, performance management, and deployment of infrastructure and systems.The Group's consultants combine technical and business skills with an extensive international expertise in telecommunications, IT and defence systems. With the fast mobilisation of its consultancy teams and an in-depth understanding of products and services, the Group supports fixed and mobile network operators, equipment vendors, product partners, government clients and investors to achieve their goals. 










			back to top		

















Infrastructure & Systems





Using our breadth of knowledge on technology and markets we advise operators on the best technology for their business objectives.













Project Management





We have executed successful project management engagements for telecommunication operators in over 30 countries.













Market Analysis





We can steer your business strategy in the appropriate direction through the correlation of our global experience, analysis of available devices, technology and your customers.













Business Plans





Working closely with our customers, we have built many business plans from licence acquisitions through to new technology introduction and changing market demands.













Design & Engineering





We have designed and engineered every mobile technology from NMT450 in 1982 to 3G and are now engaged in doing the same for LTE across multiple markets.













Planning





Our independent approach to deploying the best network plan enables the operator to seamlessly grow the network with the market demands.











 












Share Price


          Last trade price Norcon     (NCON.L):  



Services


Market AnalysisDesign & EngineeringProject ManagementBusiness PlansPlanningInfrastructure & Systems 






Latest News







Notification of Tender Offer















AIM Cancellation - Norcon plc















Notification of Holding in Company















Notification of Holding in Company















Notification of Holding in Company















Notification of Holding in Company













 











Norcon PLC 










