





The Journey to World Class Starts Here - The Hackett Group








The Hackett Group acquires Aecus and Jibe. Learn More




Hackett Group












Search



Search








The Journey to World Class Starts Here
We know what world class looks like – and how to get you there. Accelerate your journey by leveraging the knowledge of the world's best-performing businesses.
Get Started


 




The Digital Excelleration™ Toolkit
Tap into the evidence-based insights and proven solutions you need to become a customer-led, analytics-driven business. Or risk being left behind.









Digital Strategy & Operations

                                        Optimize your service delivery with digital: cloud, automation, machine learning and more. 
Learn More











Enterprise Applications

                                        Maximize your return on enterprise resource planning and enterprise performance management investments. 
Learn More












Benchmarking & Best Practices

                                    Assess how well your organization performs. 
Learn More









Robotic Process Automation

                                    Redesign how work gets done in global business services. 
Learn More









Enterprise Analytics

                                    Become an analytics-driven business with predictive modeling, data integration and data visualization. 
Learn More







Featured Insights







Global Business Services: 10 Steps To Accelerate Digital Transformation


                                Digital technologies are rapidly transforming the way companies do business. For global business services (GBS) organizations, these technologies present substantial opportunities to improve service delivery, increase value to the company and potentially reduce costs.
                            
Download











Global Business Services: 10 Steps To Accelerate Digital Transformation

                                        Digital technologies are rapidly transforming the way companies do business. For global business services ... 
Download









The CFO Agenda: Finance's Top Four Strategic Priorities in 2017

                                        What are the strategic priorities and initiatives of finance leaders? The Hackett Group's annual Key Issues Study ... 
Download









The CPO Agenda: Keeping Pace with Enterprise Digital Transformation

                                        What are the strategic priorities and initiatives of procurement leaders? The Hackett Group's annual Key Issues Study ... 
Download









The CHRO Agenda: Closing Urgent Talent and Technology Gaps

                                        What are the strategic priorities and initiatives of HR leaders? The Hackett Group's annual Key Issues Study ... 
Download









The CIO Agenda: Closing the Digital Confidence Gap

                                        What are the strategic priorities and initiatives of IT leaders? The Hackett Group's annual Key Issues Study ... 
Download









The Working Capitalist - Autumn 2016

                                        Our working capital surveys of nearly 2,000 companies in the US and Europe illustrate the difficulty of achieving sustained ... 
Download














Learn how world-class businesses operate.

                                    We've captured how the best businesses generate results and quantified the impact. Our unmatched repository provides actionable insights to accelerate your journey to peak performance. 
Learn More





Trusted by the Best
Join an impressive group that includes the world's most respected brands, representing a broad range of industries and businesses:

Learn More









Ready to start your journey?


Contact Us














The Hackett Group, Inc. invites you to participate in the 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call on Tuesday, May 9, 2017 | The Hackett Group



























The Hackett Group acquires Aecus and Jibe. Learn More




Hackett Group












Search



Search






Financial News & Events





April 27, 2017
The Hackett Group, Inc. invites you to participate in the 2017 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call on Tuesday, May 9, 2017
The Hackett Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: HCKT) today announced that it will release financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017 on Tuesday, May 9, 2017 after the close of regular market hours.
Following the release, the senior management will discuss first quarter results in a conference call at 5:00 P.M. ET.
The number for the conference call is (844) 358-9115, [Passcode: First Quarter, The Hackett Group Earnings]. For International callers, please dial (209) 905-5950.
Please dial in at least 5-10 minutes prior to start time. If you are unable to participate on the conference call, a rebroadcast will be available beginning at 8:00 P.M. ET on Tuesday, May 9, 2017 and will run through 5:00 P.M. ET on Tuesday, May 23, 2017. To access the rebroadcast, please dial (855) 859-2056. For International callers, please dial (404) 537-3406, [Passcode: 14531676].
In addition, The Hackett Group will also be webcasting this conference call live through the StreetEvents.com service. To participate, simply visit www.thehackettgroup.com approximately 10 minutes prior to the start of the call and click on the conference call link provided. An online replay of the call will be available after 8:00 P.M. ET on Tuesday, May 9, 2017 and will run through 5:00 P.M. ET on Tuesday, May 23, 2017. To access the replay, visit www.thehackettgroup.com or www.streetevents.com.
We look forward to your participation.


About The Hackett Group, Inc.
The Hackett Group (NASDAQ: HCKT) is an intellectual property-based strategic consultancy and leading enterprise benchmarking and best practices implementation firm to global companies, offering digital transformation and enterprise application approaches including a robotic process automation and cloud computing. Services include business transformation, enterprise performance management, working capital management and global business services. The Hackett Group also provides dedicated expertise in business strategy, operations, finance, human capital management, strategic sourcing, procurement and information technology, including its award-winning Oracle EPM and SAP practices.
The Hackett Group has completed more than 13,000 benchmarking studies with major corporations and government agencies, including 93% of the Dow Jones Industrials, 87% of the Fortune 100, 87% of the DAX 30 and 58% of the FTSE 100. These studies drive its Best Practice Intelligence Center™ which includes the firm's benchmarking metrics, best practices repository and best practice configuration guides and process flows, which enable The Hackett Group's clients and partners to achieve world-class performance.
This press release contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause The Hackett Group's actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that impact such forward-looking statements include, among others, the ability of our products, services, or offerings mentioned in this release to deliver the desired effect, our ability to effectively integrate acquisitions into our operations, our ability to retain existing business, our ability to attract additional business, our ability to effectively market and sell our product offerings and other services, the timing of projects and the potential for contract cancellations by our customers, changes in expectations regarding the business consulting and information technology industries, our ability to attract and retain skilled employees, possible changes in collections of accounts receivable due to the bankruptcy or financial difficulties of our customers, risks of competition, price and margin trends, foreign currency fluctuations, changes in general economic conditions and interest rates, our ability to obtain debt financing through additional borrowings under an amendment to our existing credit facility as well as other risks detailed in our Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the most recent fiscal year filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

 









Investor Relations

Company at a Glance
Financial News & Events
News & Events - 2017
News & Events - 2016
Governance
Contact Investor Relations



Contact
More information on The Hackett Group is available: by phone at +1 770 225 7300; by e-mail at info@thehackettgroup.com.











Copyright ©  The Hackett Group, Inc.; All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us
Sign In
Events
Careers
Home


Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Client Services Terms and Conditions





The Hackett Group is a leading global strategy and operations consulting firm, with particular expertise in performance benchmarking and business process reengineering. For companies wanting to optimize their service delivery models, we offer deep expertise in organizational design and in business process outsourcing options including HR outsourcing, IT outsourcing and more. Our cash flow analysis services have helped clients to free up billions of dollars in improved cash flow. Our procurement expertise extends to strategic sourcing and supply chain optimization, while our technology services include support for IT strategy development as well as specific platform deployments such as Oracle or SAP implementation.


















The Hackett Group, Inc. Invites You To Participate In The 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call on Tuesday, August 8, 2017 - TheStreet










































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street










































 




























The Hackett Group, Inc. Invites You To Participate In The 2017 Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call on Tuesday, August 8, 2017

        
        The Hackett Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: HCKT) today announced that it will release financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017 on Tuesday, August 8, 2017 after the close of regular market hours.






Business Wire




Jul 11, 2017 4:05 PM EDT



 

















































  The Hackett Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: HCKT) today announced that it will release financial results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017 on Tuesday, August 8, 2017 after the close of regular market hours.  Following the release, the senior management will discuss second quarter results in a conference call at 5:00 P.M. ET.  The number for the conference call is (844) 358-9115, [Passcode: Second Quarter]. For International callers, please dial (209) 905-5950.  Please dial in at least 5-10 minutes prior to start time. If you are unable to participate on the conference call, a rebroadcast will be available beginning at 8:00 P.M. ET on Tuesday, August 8, 2017 and will run through 5:00 P.M. ET on Tuesday, August 22, 2017. To access the rebroadcast, please dial (855) 859-2056. For International callers, please dial (404) 537-3406, [Passcode: 52261313].  In addition, The Hackett Group will also be webcasting this conference call live through the StreetEvents.com service. To participate, simply visit  http://www.thehackettgroup.com approximately 10 minutes prior to the start of the call and click on the conference call link provided. An online replay of the call will be available after 8:00 P.M. ET on Tuesday, August 8, 2017 and will run through 5:00 P.M. ET on Tuesday, August 22, 2017. To access the replay, visit  www.thehackettgroup.com or http://www.streetevents.com.  For additional information on The Hackett Group, please visit our website at  www.thehackettgroup.com.  We look forward to your participation.      View source version on businesswire.com:   http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170711005580/en/  



 
 
























If you liked this article you might like












Insider Trading Alert - GENC, HCKT And ORA Traded By Insiders
Stocks with insider trader activity include GENC, HCKT and ORA



TheStreet Wire

Mar 1, 2016 1:45 PM EST























Strong On High Volume: Hackett Group (HCKT)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Hackett Group (HCKT) as a strong on high relative volume candidate



TheStreet Wire

Nov 11, 2015 10:05 AM EST























Hackett Group (HCKT) Is Today's Strong And Under The Radar Stock
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Hackett Group (HCKT) as a strong and under the radar candidate



TheStreet Wire

Nov 6, 2015 11:00 AM EST























Hackett Group (HCKT) Highlighted As Strong And Under The Radar Stock Of The Day
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Hackett Group (HCKT) as a strong and under the radar candidate



TheStreet Wire

Jul 1, 2015 9:53 AM EDT





































 








Trending


Elon Musk Reveals Tons of People Have Canceled Tesla Model 3 Orders, Proving Several Key Things


It Has Gotten So Sad for Costco and Sam's Club They Are Discounting Stuff on Groupon


Tim Cook on Trump's Claim that Apple Is Building 3 U.S. Factories: 'There's More We Can Do'


Apple Has Discovered a Secret Pool of People That Really Want to Use iPads


Tesla's Remarkable Rally Just Getting Started: Chart











Advertising Partners
 
 
 
 













 












 

























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers
 
 
 
 
 
 



















The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for June 28, 2017 - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for June 28, 2017


June 27, 2017, 09:00:05 AM EDT
By NASDAQ.com News









































Shutterstock photo


The Hackett Group, Inc. ( HCKT  ) will begin trading ex-dividend on June 28, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.15 per share is scheduled to be paid on July 11, 2017. Shareholders who purchased HCKT prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This represents an 15.38% increase over prior dividend payment. The previous trading day's last sale of HCKT was $15.35, representing a -25.81% decrease from the 52 week high of $20.69 and a 17.53% increase over the 52 week low of $13.06. HCKT is a part of the Consumer Services sector, which includes companies such as CGI Group, Inc. ( GIB  ) and ManpowerGroup ( MAN  ). HCKT's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $.77. Zacks Investment Research reports HCKT's forecasted earnings growth in 2017 as 17.75%, compared to an industry average of 12%. For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit the HCKT Dividend History  page. Our  Dividend Calendar  has the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today.



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
News Headlines                           
                            
                                , Stocks





Referenced Symbols:

                                        HCKT
                                    
, 

                                        GIB
                                    
, 

                                        MAN
                                    












More from NASDAQ.com News



Subscribe





The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for December 20, 2016
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for June 28, 2016
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for December 30, 2015














Related Stocks Articles




Subscribe







Dow At 22K: What’s Next?


						8/03/2017 12:19 PM
					



Middle East Shares Narrowly Mixed As Investors Watch Earnings


						8/03/2017 12:03 PM
					



UGI Corp's Earnings Plunge on Warmer Weather and Higher Costs


						8/03/2017 11:44 AM
					














Contributor:NASDAQ.com News
Market News



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Jacobs Engineering To Buy CH2M HILL For Enterprise Value Of About
Costco Wholesale Corporation Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend
Grayscale Investments, LLC Statement Regarding Bitcoin Investment
Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Is Heading Lower After Q2 Profit Disappoints
Western Digital Corp Bottom Line Rises 228% In Q4







U.S. Army Exercises Contract Option with Kraig Biocraft Laboratories...
Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. (ETP) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for...
Zynga Announces Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results
Costco Wholesale Corporation Reports July Sales Results
Mexus releases information on current gold produced and the purchase...




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





HCKT








0%



Rate It





GIB








100%



Rate It





MAN








0%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX















































Request Product Information from The Hackett Group Inc.




























































				
				Channels			
			





Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources












Go







Menu



Channels



Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources


Additional Resources


Media Center




Magazine




Events




Awards




SDC Map




Sponsored Research




Webinars




Blogs




Supply Chain Learning Center




Podcasts


User
Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Tools
Contact Us
Advertise





















Request More Information:

The Hackett Group Inc.


               If you already have an account with Supply & Demand Chain Executive you can
               Login
               to speed up your request.
            





Email
Required




Confirm Email
Required




First Name
Required




Last Name
Required




Job Title
Required




Company Name
Optional




Phone #
Optional




Country
Required

Please select...
United States
Canada
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Ascension Island
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cote dIvoire
Cambodia
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic Peoples Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao Peoples Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Zip/Postal Code
Required




When do you have plans to purchase?
Optional

Please select...
Immediately
1-3 months
4-6 months
7-9 months
12 months
No plans. Just researching
































































What category best describes your business?
Required

Please select...
Food/Beverage/Tobacco
Textile/Textile Products/Apparel
Leather & Allied Products
Wood Products/Paper/Printing
Petroleum & Coal Products
Chemical Products
Plastics & Rubber Products
Nonmetallic Mineral Products
Primary Metal Products
Fabricated Metal Products
Machinery
Computer & Electronic Products
Electrical Equipment,appliance
Automotive/Aircraft/Transp Equipt
Furniture & Related Products
Medical Equipment & Supplies
Other Manufacturing
Transportation/Logistics Services
Government
Distributors/Wholesale Trade
Retail Trade
Consulting Services
Professional,scientific & Tech Svcs
Other Business Or Educational Svcs
Other




What category best describes your job title?
Required

Please select...
Corporate Mgmt
Procurement/Purch/Supply Chain Mgmt
Logistics Mgmt
Operations Mgmt
Other









Comments
Required




Captcha
Required






Accept terms and conditions


Loading...
Processing...









Industry Resources



 The Hackett Group Inc. 


		The Hackett Group is a global strategic business advisory and operations improvement consulting firm which provides best practice advisory, business benchmarking and transformation consulting services including strategy and operations, working capital...
	








 















Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources



Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Advertise
Sitemap




 







The Hackett Group - 首頁 | Facebook











Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁關於相片活動貼文社群建立粉絲專頁社群查看全部759 人說這讚744 個人正在追蹤關於查看全部www.thehackettgroup.com產品／服務用戶759 個讚更多大家都按讚的專頁Oracle Hyperion軟體Spend Matters商業服務CloudPay軟體公司此專頁按讚的粉絲專頁Answerthink中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017相片顯示全部貼文The Hackett Group · 昨天 7:05 · SupplyChainBrain, “Bringing Diversity to Your Supplier Base Can Add to Your Bottom Line,” Supplier diversity is evolving from a check-the-box, corporate social-responsibility requirement to a strategic enabler for the procurement function, providing access to new and innovative products and increased market share. Top-performing organizations studied by The Hackett Group apply supplier diversity tenets to new areas such as supplier partnering, reputation management and global expansion. http://bit.ly/2urI0WFThe Hackett Group · 8月1日 5:01 · Look for The Hackett Group at the Intelligent Automation Conference (booth #100), starting today in Chicago. Also, be sure to join Sean Kracklauer and Angie Caswell LaPierre, who will be hosting an interactive discussion group on “Best Practices When Rolling Out a RPA Solution” (Table #5). There will be two 30-minute discussion groups starting at 11:20 AM and 12 PM. #RPA #EPM https://intelligentautomation.iqpc.com/Intelligent AutomationThere’s no doubt about it, Intelligent Automation is the hottest topic around and our two hugely successful 2016 events proved it. A combined 300+...intelligentautomation.iqpc.com顯示全部貼文The Hackett Group · 8月1日 3:45 · Chefbüro (DACH): ”Digitization enables Cost Reductions up to 25 – 30 Per Cent ” In German. Typical financial organizations have the potential to reduce process costs by up to 35% of process costs by using the right digital technologies, nearly matching the process cost levels seen at world-class companies, according to new research from The Hackett Group. http://bit.ly/2vbD4G2The Hackett Group · 7月31日 10:25 · COMPLIMENTARY WEBCAST, Aug. 9 – “The Digital Enterprise: Balancing Cost Containment While Building the Digital Service Delivery Model.” Join us for this one-hour webcast (10-11 AM PT) to learn how world-class companies are turning to a digital service delivery model (SDM) to offer competitive and sustainable cost performance. http://bit.ly/2rZJhQ7The Hackett Group · 7月31日 7:45 · Forbes, “The Best Management Consulting Firms for 2017,” For the second year in a row, Forbes and Statistica listed The Hackett Group as one of the “best management consulting firms for 2017”. We were listed for our work in three sectors: automotive, chemical, and supply chain management. The chemical sector award was new for 2017 http://bit.ly/2pHLulmThe Hackett Group · 7月28日 7:31 · CFO, “Late Shift: The 2017 Working Capital Scorecard,” Delaying payments is boosting the working capital performance of America’s largest companies, but also masking a lack of efficiency. Results from The Hackett Group’s 2017 Working Capital Survey. http://bit.ly/2vbAvDZThe Hackett Group · 7月28日 7:30 · CFO, “Late Shift: The 2017 Working Capital Scorecard,” Delaying payments is boosting the working capital performance of America’s largest companies, but also masking a lack of efficiency. Results from The Hackett Group’s 2017 Working Capital Survey. http://bit.ly/2vbAvDZThe Hackett Group · 7月28日 6:45 · Automation Anyone? The Hackett Group is excited to sponsor the Intelligent Automation conference, starting Monday in Chicago. We’ll be at booth #100. Hope to see you there! https://intelligentautomation.iqpc.com/Intelligent AutomationThere’s no doubt about it, Intelligent Automation is the hottest topic around and our two hugely successful 2016 events proved it. A combined 300+...intelligentautomation.iqpc.comThe Hackett Group · 7月27日 7:40 · Strategic HR Review (UK), “Digital Transformation and the World Class HR Difference.” A bylined article by The Hackett Group’s Dorothee El-Khouree. http://bit.ly/2uen3MtThe Hackett Group · 7月26日 7:25 · CFO Webcast – Thurs, Aug 10 - The CFO Playbook on Strategy: Best Practices for Driver-Based Budgeting and Planning with The Hackett Group’s Dr. Joel Bresser For an organization that experiences rapid growth or operates in an economic environment in which frequent change is the norm, a driver-based approach can provide your finance team with a sturdy framework for budgeting and planning. But there are many questions to consider, including how to choose and prioritize drivers, whether your organization can control key performance indicators, how quickly your organization can adapt to change. http://bit.ly/2tnQyd6The Hackett Group · 7月25日 6:51 · NEWS RELEASE - To Support Digital Transformation, IT Must Move Beyond Service Provider Role, Apply Digital Capabilities World-Class IT Spends 21% Less, Operates With 16% Less Staff; Typical Cos Can Cut G&A Process Costs by 40% via Digital Initiatives To effectively support the full-scale digital transformation of the business, IT must move beyond its service provider role and apply a set of unique digital IT capabilities that enable the enterprise’s digital operation, according to new world-class IT research from The Hackett Group Inc. (NASDAQ: HCKT). http://bit.ly/2eKISPGThe Hackett Group · 7月25日 6:25 · The UK Oracle User Group (UKOUG) has shortlisted The Hackett Group as their “Hyperion & EPM Partner of the Year”. Staff at Oracle customers can vote for their favorite partner here: http://bit.ly/2vAAyGwThe Hackett Group · 7月24日 11:00 · COMPLIMENTARY WEBCAST, Aug. 10 – “The Digital Enterprise: Balancing Cost Containment While Building the Digital Service Delivery Model.” Join us for this one-hour webcast (1-2 PM ET) to learn how world-class companies are using a digital service delivery model (SDM) to offer competitive and sustainable cost performance. http://bit.ly/2uqjrbMThe Hackett Group · 7月21日 11:17 · Spend Matters, “50 Providers to Know and 50 Providers to Watch for 2017,” For the fourth consecutive year, The Hackett Group is named as one of 50 Providers to Know by this news outlet. http://bit.ly/2rLGkDbThe Hackett Group · 7月21日 10:20 · BLOG POST: “Cloud-based EPM solutions” – See which factors our study participants ranked as critically important in selecting cloud-based EPM solutions. http://bit.ly/2u2lXViThe Hackett Group · 7月21日 6:01 · Digitalist, “The Promise Of Digital Finance: A New Level Of Performance,” A bylined article by The Hackett Group’s Nilly Essaides. http://bit.ly/2u1lpixThe Hackett Group · 7月20日 7:05 · Supply & Demand Chain Executive, “Selecting a Best-Fit Integrated Business Planning Technology Solution for Your Organization,”  A bylined article by The Hackett Group’s Josh Peacher and Hanna Hamburger. http://bit.ly/2slsbj6查看更多




The Hackett Group Inc. (via Public) / The Hackett Group and CIMA Complete Global Business Services Career Development Offering With Launch of Third Training Product: The Diploma in Global Business Services



























                        Hello .
                    


 Taiwan 







News


International News


Education


Environment


Healthcare


Technology


Internet




Science


Social and Non-Profit


Local News




Politicsand Policy


Government


Politics


Local Government


International Policy




Businessand Economy


Economy


Finance


Stock Markets




Jobs and Labor


Company News


Industry News


Aerospace


Agriculture


Chemicals


Commodities


Construction


Consumer Electronics


Defense


Energy


Nuclear Energy


Oil and Gas


Renewable Energy




Financial Services


Banking


Insurance




Fishing and Aquaculture


Manufacturing


Information Technology


Metals and Mining


Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology


Real Estate


Professional and Business Services


Legal




Telecommunications


Tobacco


Retail


Transportation


Air Transportation


Maritime Transportation


Rail Transportation


Road Transportation




Utilities


Forestry and Wood Industry






Artsand Culture


Art


Books and Literature


Entertainment


Cinema


Media


Radio and Television




Music






Lifestyleand Leisure


Automotive


Home and Garden


Fashion and Luxury


Clothing and Textile




Food


Travel and Hospitality


Boating and Yachting




Sports


Baseball


Basketball


Boxing


Cricket


Cycling


Football (American)


Football (Australian)


Football (Soccer)


Golf


Hockey


Racing


Rugby


Sailing


Skiing and Winter Sports


Tennis


Volleyball











noodls browser compatibility check

The security settings of your browser are blocking the execution of scripts.
To use noodls, javascript support must be enabled. Please change your browser's security settings to enable javascript.
If you have changed your browser's security settings, you can click here.






related announcements
Finance


Fitch Inc.
Fitch Affirms New Mexico Educational Assistance Foundation - 1998 Trust[...]


City of Springfield, IL
8/3/2017 City Announcements: Neighborhood News


Frontera Resources Corporation
Shareholder Update Meeting and Presentation


More
Stock Markets


Ames National Corporation
Title: Ames National Corporation Announces 2017 Q2 Earnings Results[...]


Trade Desk Inc.
Business Insider "Google and Facebook's Dominance in Advertising is[...]


Oregon Pacific Bancorp
Maree Beers Joins Oregon Pacific Bank’s Residential Lending Team


More











search






















The Hackett Group Inc.



03/11/2016 | Press release | Distributed by Public on 03/11/2016 23:11
The Hackett Group and CIMA Complete Global Business Services Career Development Offering With Launch of Third Training Product: The Diploma in Global Business Services








        November 3, 2016
      

New Training and Certification Program Targets GBS Managers, Team Leaders and High Potential Associates


        MIAMI & LONDON, November 3, 2016 - The Hackett Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: HCKT) and The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) today announced the launch of their Diploma in Global Business Services (DGBS). This is the third and final offering in their Certified GBS Professionals (CGBSP) program, a comprehensive career development system for global business services (GBS), shared services and business process outsourcing (BPO) professionals.
      

        The Diploma in GBS, designed for current GBS team leaders, center managers and others running operational or functional teams, covers an array of topics relevant to operational excellence in finance, HR, procurement and IT. It is the middle level of certification offered by the CGBSP program. The program also offers an Advanced Diploma for leaders and members of a GBS organization's senior management team as well as a Certificate in GBS designed for entry-level associates.
      

        More than 150 organizations from over 27 countries are already engaged in offering certification to their GBS, shared services or BPO staff through the CGBSP program. Each level of certification is driven by a comprehensive syllabus that teaches the skills and competencies required by employers to achieve the highest standards of excellence. At the foundation of the course materials are The Hackett Group's extensive knowledge of GBS and functional best practices, based on its strategy, design and implementation work with top global enterprises, combined with CIMA's intellectual content and long-term education expertise. The certification programs are self-paced online interactive learning tools that employees can complete over three to four months. Computer-based objective test exams are available in over 5,500 centers worldwide and are professionally supervised to ensure the robustness of the assessment.
      

        Participants in these programs also have access to an online knowledge center offering access to materials such as case studies, frameworks and performance metrics from The Hackett Group, CIMA and other organizations. The knowledge center is designed to support participants through exams and life-long learning, with additional material unlocked as individuals complete certification at each level. On successful completion of each course assessment, individuals earn the right to use the relevant professional qualification designation of CGBS, DGBS or ADGBS.
      

        To coincide with the launch of the DGBS qualification, the CGBSP program is making available for download on a complimentary basis its first GBS research piece: 'Building New Career Paths: The Emergence of the Global Business Services Professional,' at http://bit.ly/2dn01fp. A self-assessment tool, available at http://bit.ly/1X6kIMK, is also available to help organizations and professionals determine which of the certification programs is best suited to their needs.
      

        'It's exciting to be able to announce the availability of the final element of this comprehensive training and certification program,' said Ted A. Fernandez, Chairman & CEO of The Hackett Group. 'As companies become more mature and sophisticated in their GBS operations, it's critical that they improve the agility and flexibility of their workforce, to better meet the changing needs and expectations of the business. The success of a GBS organization is highly dependent on the knowledge and capabilities of staff, and the training and certification we're offering can play an important role in helping companies accomplish this.'
      

        'We are proud to bring to market a unique offering that combines CIMA's training expertise with the empirically-proven best practices and intellectual property only The Hackett Group can provide,' said Mr. Fernandez. 'The combination of training, testing, accreditation and a knowledge centre to help staff keep up with new developments and trends is unique and fills an unmet need across the GBS organizations we work with.'
      

        Andrew Harding FCMA, CGMA, Chief Executive of CIMA, said: 'We believe this is a major step forward for the GBS industry. Now that this final part of the offering is in place, GBS professionals have industry-standard qualifications available to them no matter where they are in their careers. We believe this will help the GBS and shared services sector, allowing organisations to provide their staff with the necessary skills to reach their full potential.'
      

        'We are living in a fast paced world and people need the right competencies to adapt to new challenges. Our program uses the latest technology and we are able to provide the opportunity for long-term success.'
      

        The Hackett Group's research clearly quantifies the bottom-line benefit of GBS excellence. World-class GBS organizations generate far greater initial savings over baseline costs than typical GBS organizations (35 percent savings versus 20 percent). They also drive 40 percent higher savings on an annual ongoing basis. Finally, better talent management drives an array of bottom-line benefits, including nearly 50 percent higher return on equity and higher net profit margins and EBITDA. Training plays a key role in achieving these results, with world-class GBS organizations offering managers and staff nearly three times the training hours of typical organizations.
      

        The research also shows that the GBS evolution is accelerating. The Hackett Group estimates that there are now over 6,000 GBS centers globally, with a total staff of more than 4.5 million. The majority of GBS organizations have moved beyond single-function centers, to establish multi-function centres. But less than 10 percent of all GBS organizations have completed the evolution to create fully integrated services environments with an end-to-end process orientation and a comprehensive service catalogue.
      

        For more information on the Certified Global Business Services Professionals program and its Advanced Diploma in GBS, please visit: www.thehackettgroup.com/expertise/gbs-training.
      


        About the Certified Global Business Services Professionals Program
      

        The Certified Global Business Services Professionals program is a collaboration between The Hackett Group and the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA). This unique collaboration combines CIMA's certificated global professional development program capabilities with The Hackett Group's global business services (GBS) best practice intellectual property. This brings to market the first comprehensive talent management and professional development qualification program specifically tailored for GBS and shared services professionals. By working together, The Hackett Group and CIMA are addressing the need for GBS and shared services organizations to provide clear, consistent and structured talent development programs based on best practices to grow the professional skills and knowledge needed to achieve and maintain world-class performance standards.
      


        About CIMA
      

        The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA), founded in 1919, is the world's leading and largest professional body of management accountants, with over 229,000 members and students operating in 176 countries, working at the heart of business. CIMA members and students work in industry, commerce, the public sector and not-for-profit organisations. CIMA works closely with employers and sponsors leading-edge research, constantly updating its qualification, professional experience requirements and continuing professional development to ensure it remains the employers' choice when recruiting financially-trained business leaders.
      

        Professionalism and ethics are at the core of CIMA's activities with every member and student bound by robust standards so that integrity, expertise and vision are brought together.
      

        CIMA has formed a joint venture with the American Institute of CPAs (AICPA) to establish the Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) designation. CGMA is the global quality standard that further elevates the profession of management accounting. The designation recognises the most talented and committed management accountants with the discipline and skill to drive strong business performance.
      

        CIMA is proud to be the first professional accounting body to offer a truly global product in the fast-moving area of Islamic Finance.
      

        For more information about CIMA, please visit www.cimaglobal.com.
      

        Follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/CIMA_News



        About The Hackett Group, Inc.
      

        The Hackett Group (NASDAQ: HCKT) is an intellectual property-based strategic consultancy and leading enterprise benchmarking and best practices implementation firm to global companies. Services include business transformation, enterprise performance management, working capital management, and global business services. The Hackett Group also provides dedicated expertise in business strategy, operations, finance, human capital management, strategic sourcing, procurement, and information technology, including its award-winning Oracle EPM and SAP practices.
      

        The Hackett Group has completed more than 11,000 benchmarking studies with major corporations and government agencies, including 93% of the Dow Jones Industrials, 86% of the Fortune 100, 87% of the DAX 30 and 52% of the FTSE 100. These studies drive its Best Practice Intelligence Center™ which includes the firm's benchmarking metrics, best practices repository, and best practice configuration guides and process flows, which enable The Hackett Group's clients and partners to achieve world-class performance.
      


        Cautionary Statement Regarding 'Forward Looking' Statements
      

        This release contains 'forward looking' statements within the meaning of Section 27A of  the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Statements including without limitation, words such as 'expects', 'anticipates', 'intends', 'plans', 'believes', seeks', 'estimates' or other similar phrases or variations of such words or similar expressions indicating, present or future anticipated or expected occurrences or outcomes are intended to identify such forward looking statements.  Forward looking statements are not statements of historical fact and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company's actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward looking statements.  Factors that may impact such forward looking statements included without limitation, the ability of Hackett and/or Oracle to effectively market the Oracle Cloud, competition from other consulting and technology companies who may have or develop in the future, similar offerings, the commercial viability of Oracle and the Oracle Cloud, changes in expectations regarding the information technology industry, the ability of the Company to attract skilled employees, changes in collections of accounts receivable, risk of competition, price and margin trends, changes in general economic conditions and interests rates as well as other risk detailed in Hackett's reports filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Hackett does not undertake any duty to update this release or any forward looking statements contained herein.
      













Sharing and Personal Tools

Please select the service you want to use:

Newsvine
Digg
Delicious
StumbleUpon
Technorati
Buzz
Favorites
Google Reader





Public link

Please use the above public link if you want to share this noodl on another website.


Close





Smartlinks
| The Hackett Group Inc.
| Finance
| Stock Markets
| Security Markets
| Stock Markets
| Security Markets
| Company News
| Business Announcements
| Products and Services
| Information Technology
| Software
| Pharmaceuticals
| Professional and Business Services
| Management Consulting
| IT Companies
| Nasdaq
| Börse Frankfurt
| Börse Berlin
| Börse Düsseldorf




 Back


 View original format











Copyright ©2006-2017 Public Technologies Inc.  | 
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Contact








Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.















 



The Hackett Group and CIMA Complete Global Business Services Career Development Offering With Launch of Third Training Product: The Diploma in Global Business Services | Business Wire
























































The Hackett Group and CIMA Complete Global Business Services Career 
      Development Offering With Launch of Third Training Product: The Diploma 
      in Global Business Services




New Training and Certification Program Targets GBS Managers, Team 
      Leaders and High Potential Associates








November 03, 2016 09:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time



MIAMI & LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The 
      Hackett Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:HCKT) and The Chartered Institute of 
      Management Accountants (CIMA) today announced the launch of their 
      Diploma in Global 
      Business Services (DGBS). This is the third and final offering in 
      their Certified GBS Professionals (CGBSP) program, a comprehensive 
      career development system for global business services (GBS), shared 
      services and business process outsourcing (BPO) professionals.
    


      The Diploma in GBS, designed for current GBS team leaders, center 
      managers and others running operational or functional teams, covers an 
      array of topics relevant to operational excellence in finance, HR, 
      procurement and IT. It is the middle level of certification offered by 
      the CGBSP program. The program also offers an Advanced Diploma for 
      leaders and members of a GBS organization’s senior management team as 
      well as a Certificate in GBS designed for entry-level associates.
    

      More than 150 organizations from over 27 countries are already engaged 
      in offering certification to their GBS, shared services or BPO staff 
      through the CGBSP program. Each level of certification is driven by a 
      comprehensive syllabus that teaches the skills and competencies required 
      by employers to achieve the highest standards of excellence. At the 
      foundation of the course materials are The Hackett Group’s extensive 
      knowledge of GBS and functional best practices, based on its strategy, 
      design and implementation work with top global enterprises, combined 
      with CIMA’s intellectual content and long-term education expertise. The 
      certification programs are self-paced online interactive learning tools 
      that employees can complete over three to four months. Computer-based 
      objective test exams are available in over 5,500 centers worldwide and 
      are professionally supervised to ensure the robustness of the assessment.
    

      Participants in these programs also have access to an online knowledge 
      center offering access to materials such as case studies, frameworks and 
      performance metrics from The Hackett Group, CIMA and other 
      organizations. The knowledge center is designed to support participants 
      through exams and life-long learning, with additional material unlocked 
      as individuals complete certification at each level. On successful 
      completion of each course assessment, individuals earn the right to use 
      the relevant professional qualification designation of CGBS, DGBS or 
      ADGBS.
    

      To coincide with the launch of the DGBS qualification, the CGBSP program 
      is making available for download on a complimentary basis its first GBS 
      research piece: “Building New Career Paths: The Emergence of the Global 
      Business Services Professional,” at http://bit.ly/2dn01fp. 
      A self-assessment tool, available at http://bit.ly/1X6kIMK, 
      is also available to help organizations and professionals determine 
      which of the certification programs is best suited to their needs.
    

      “It’s exciting to be able to announce the availability of the final 
      element of this comprehensive training and certification program,” said 
      Ted A. Fernandez, Chairman & CEO of The Hackett Group. “As companies 
      become more mature and sophisticated in their GBS operations, it’s 
      critical that they improve the agility and flexibility of their 
      workforce, to better meet the changing needs and expectations of the 
      business. The success of a GBS organization is highly dependent on the 
      knowledge and capabilities of staff, and the training and certification 
      we’re offering can play an important role in helping companies 
      accomplish this.”
    

      “We are proud to bring to market a unique offering that combines CIMA’s 
      training expertise with the empirically-proven best practices and 
      intellectual property only The Hackett Group can provide,” said Mr. 
      Fernandez. “The combination of training, testing, accreditation and a 
      knowledge centre to help staff keep up with new developments and trends 
      is unique and fills an unmet need across the GBS organizations we work 
      with.”
    

      Andrew Harding FCMA, CGMA, Chief Executive of CIMA, said: “We believe 
      this is a major step forward for the GBS industry. Now that this final 
      part of the offering is in place, GBS professionals have 
      industry-standard qualifications available to them no matter where they 
      are in their careers. We believe this will help the GBS and shared 
      services sector, allowing organisations to provide their staff with the 
      necessary skills to reach their full potential."
    

      “We are living in a fast paced world and people need the right 
      competencies to adapt to new challenges. Our program uses the latest 
      technology and we are able to provide the opportunity for long-term 
      success.”
    

      The Hackett Group’s research clearly quantifies the bottom-line benefit 
      of GBS excellence. World-class GBS organizations generate far greater 
      initial savings over baseline costs than typical GBS organizations (35 
      percent savings versus 20 percent). They also drive 40 percent higher 
      savings on an annual ongoing basis. Finally, better talent management 
      drives an array of bottom-line benefits, including nearly 50 percent 
      higher return on equity and higher net profit margins and EBITDA. 
      Training plays a key role in achieving these results, with world-class 
      GBS organizations offering managers and staff nearly three times the 
      training hours of typical organizations.
    

      The research also shows that the GBS evolution is accelerating. The 
      Hackett Group estimates that there are now over 6,000 GBS centers 
      globally, with a total staff of more than 4.5 million. The majority of 
      GBS organizations have moved beyond single-function centers, to 
      establish multi-function centres. But less than 10 percent of all GBS 
      organizations have completed the evolution to create fully integrated 
      services environments with an end-to-end process orientation and a 
      comprehensive service catalogue.
    

      For more information on the Certified Global Business Services 
      Professionals program and its Advanced Diploma in GBS, please visit: http://www.thehackettgroup.com/expertise/gbs-training.
    

About the Certified Global Business Services Professionals Program


      The Certified Global Business Services Professionals program is a 
      collaboration between The Hackett Group and the Chartered Institute of 
      Management Accountants (CIMA). This unique collaboration combines CIMA's 
      certificated global professional development program capabilities with 
      The Hackett Group's global business services (GBS) best practice 
      intellectual property. This brings to market the first comprehensive 
      talent management and professional development qualification program 
      specifically tailored for GBS and shared services professionals. By 
      working together, The Hackett Group and CIMA are addressing the need for 
      GBS and shared services organizations to provide clear, consistent and 
      structured talent development programs based on best practices to grow 
      the professional skills and knowledge needed to achieve and maintain 
      world-class performance standards.
    

About CIMA


      The Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA), founded 
      in 1919, is the world’s leading and largest professional body of 
      management accountants, with over 229,000 members and students operating 
      in 176 countries, working at the heart of business. CIMA members and 
      students work in industry, commerce, the public sector and 
      not-for-profit organisations. CIMA works closely with employers and 
      sponsors leading-edge research, constantly updating its qualification, 
      professional experience requirements and continuing professional 
      development to ensure it remains the employers’ choice when recruiting 
      financially-trained business leaders.
    

      Professionalism and ethics are at the core of CIMA’s activities with 
      every member and student bound by robust standards so that integrity, 
      expertise and vision are brought together.
    

      CIMA has formed a joint venture with the American Institute of CPAs 
      (AICPA) to establish the Chartered Global Management Accountant (CGMA) 
      designation. CGMA is the global quality standard that further elevates 
      the profession of management accounting. The designation recognises the 
      most talented and committed management accountants with the discipline 
      and skill to drive strong business performance.
    

      CIMA is proud to be the first professional accounting body to offer a 
      truly global product in the fast-moving area of Islamic Finance.
    

      For more information about CIMA, please visit www.cimaglobal.com.
    

      Follow us on Twitter at www.twitter.com/CIMA_News


About The Hackett Group


The 
      Hackett Group (NASDAQ: HCKT) is an intellectual property-based 
      strategic consultancy and leading enterprise benchmarking and 
      best practices implementation firm to global companies. Services include 
      business transformation, enterprise 
      performance management, working 
      capital management, and global 
      business services. The Hackett Group also provides dedicated 
      expertise in business strategy, operations, finance, human capital 
      management, strategic sourcing, procurement, and information technology, 
      including its award-winning Oracle EPM and SAP practices.
    

      The Hackett Group has completed more than 11,000 benchmarking studies 
      with major corporations and government agencies, including 93% of the 
      Dow Jones Industrials, 86% of the Fortune 100, 87% of the DAX 30 and 52% 
      of the FTSE 100. These studies drive its Best Practice Intelligence 
      Centre™ which includes the firm's benchmarking metrics, best practices 
      repository, and best practice configuration guides and process flows, 
      which enable The Hackett Group’s clients and partners to achieve 
      world-class performance.
    

      More information on The Hackett Group is available at: www.thehackettgroup.com, 
      info@thehackettgroup.com, 
      or by calling (770) 225-3600.
    

Cautionary Statement Regarding “Forward-Looking” Statements


      This release contains “forward looking” statements within the meaning of 
      Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of 
      the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements including 
      without limitation, words such as “expects”, “anticipates”, “intends”, 
      “plans”, “believes”, seeks”, “estimates” or other similar phrases or 
      variations of such words or similar expressions indicating, present or 
      future anticipated or expected occurrences or outcomes are intended to 
      identify such forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are 
      not statements of historical fact and involve known and unknown risks, 
      uncertainties and other factors that may cause the Company’s actual 
      results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the 
      results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward 
      looking statements. Factors that may impact such forward looking 
      statements included without limitation, the ability of Hackett and the 
      Certified Global Business Services Professional program and/or CIMA to 
      effectively market the Certified GBS Program, the Certificate in GBS and 
      the Advanced Diploma in GBS against competition from other consulting 
      and professional/trade associations/companies who may have or develop in 
      the future, similar offerings, the commercial viability of the Certified 
      GBS Program, the Certificate in GBS and the Advanced Diploma in GBS, 
      changes in expectations regarding global business services and shared 
      service centres, the ability of Hackett to attract skilled employees, 
      changes in collections of accounts receivable, risk of competition, 
      price and margin trends, changes in general economic conditions and 
      interests rates as well as other risk detailed in Hackett’s reports 
      filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Neither 
      Hackett nor the Certified Global Business Services Professionals program 
      undertakes any duty to update this release or any forward looking 
      statements contained herein.
    




Contacts

      The Hackett Group, Inc.Gary Baker, 917-796-2391Global 
      Communications Directorgbaker@thehackettgroup.com














Release Summary
The Hackett Group and CIMA Complete Global Business Services Career Development Offering With Launch of Third Training Product: The Diploma in Global Business Services






Contacts

      The Hackett Group, Inc.Gary Baker, 917-796-2391Global 
      Communications Directorgbaker@thehackettgroup.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up


















The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016]














































The Business Research Store












The Business Research Store



×
Latest Market Research Reports
Search By Topic
Featured Publishers
Become a Partner
Special Offers
Contact Us



 
125
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Single User Price


$125 | Single User Price

250
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Site License Price


$250 | Site License Price

375
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Enterprise License Price


$375 | Enterprise License Price
 
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016]

Published by Global Data: 27 Dec 2016 | 207261 | In StockThe Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review provides you an in-depth strategic SWOT analysis of the company’s businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled by GlobalData to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.The profile contains critical company information including:- Business description – A detailed description of the company’s operations and business divisions.- Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy.- SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.- Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company.- Major products and services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.- Key competitors – A list of key competitors to the company.- Key employees – A list of the key executives of the company.- Executive biographies – A brief summary of the executives’ employment history.- Key operational heads – A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.- Important locations and subsidiaries – A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.- Detailed financial ratios for the past five years – The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.- Interim ratios for the last five interim periods – The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.HighlightsThe Hackett Group, Inc. (Hackett) is a strategic advisory and consulting group that offers business advisory, benchmarking and transformation consulting services, which comprises shared services, offshoring and outsourcing advisory. Its service portfolio comprises of business advisory programs, working capital management, benchmarking, business applications consulting services, business transformation and business intelligence. Hackett also provides strategy and operations consulting services. The group offers its services to various industries such as financial services, consumer goods, life sciences, technology, manufacturing, automotive, media and entertainment, telecommunications, transportation, retail and utilities among others. The group has operations in the US, Australia and Western Europe. Hackett is headquartered in Miami, Florida, the US.Key benefits of buying this profile include:You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.- The profile analyzes the company’s business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.Understand and respond to your competitors’ business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.- The company’s core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events.Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.- Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies’ strategic, financial and operational performance.- Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.- Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company
 
125
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Single User Price


$125 | Single User Price

250
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Site License Price


$250 | Site License Price

375
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Enterprise License Price


$375 | Enterprise License Price
 
IntroductionThe Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review provides you an in-depth strategic SWOT analysis of the company’s businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled by GlobalData to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.The profile contains critical company information including:- Business description – A detailed description of the company’s operations and business divisions.- Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy.- SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.- Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company.- Major products and services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.- Key competitors – A list of key competitors to the company.- Key employees – A list of the key executives of the company.- Executive biographies – A brief summary of the executives’ employment history.- Key operational heads – A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.- Important locations and subsidiaries – A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.- Detailed financial ratios for the past five years – The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.- Interim ratios for the last five interim periods – The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.HighlightsThe Hackett Group, Inc. (Hackett) is a strategic advisory and consulting group that offers business advisory, benchmarking and transformation consulting services, which comprises shared services, offshoring and outsourcing advisory. Its service portfolio comprises of business advisory programs, working capital management, benchmarking, business applications consulting services, business transformation and business intelligence. Hackett also provides strategy and operations consulting services. The group offers its services to various industries such as financial services, consumer goods, life sciences, technology, manufacturing, automotive, media and entertainment, telecommunications, transportation, retail and utilities among others. The group has operations in the US, Australia and Western Europe. Hackett is headquartered in Miami, Florida, the US.Key benefits of buying this profile include:You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.- The profile analyzes the company’s business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.Understand and respond to your competitors’ business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.- The company’s core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events.Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.- Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies’ strategic, financial and operational performance.- Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.- Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the companyTable of ContentsTable of Contents  Table of Contents  2List of Tables  3List of Figures  4Section 1 - About the Company  5The Hackett Group, Inc. - Key Facts  5The Hackett Group, Inc. - Key Employees  6The Hackett Group, Inc. - Key Employee Biographies  7The Hackett Group, Inc. - Major Products and Services  8The Hackett Group, Inc. - History  9The Hackett Group, Inc. - Company Statement  12The Hackett Group, Inc. - Locations And Subsidiaries  14Head Office  14Other Locations & Subsidiaries  14Section 2 – Company Analysis  16The Hackett Group, Inc. - Business Description  16The Hackett Group, Inc. - Corporate Strategy  17The Hackett Group, Inc. - SWOT Analysis  18SWOT Analysis - Overview  18The Hackett Group, Inc. - Strengths  18The Hackett Group, Inc. - Weaknesses  19The Hackett Group, Inc. - Opportunities  20The Hackett Group, Inc. - Threats  21The Hackett Group, Inc. - Key Competitors  22Section 3 – Company Financial Ratios  23Financial Ratios - Capital Market Ratios  23Financial Ratios - Annual Ratios  24Performance Chart  26Financial Performance  26Financial Ratios - Interim Ratios  27Financial Ratios - Ratio Charts  28Section 4 – Appendix  29Methodology  29Ratio Definitions  29About GlobalData  33Contact Us  33Disclaimer  33List Of Tables in  The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016]List of Tables  The Hackett Group, Inc., Key Facts  5The Hackett Group, Inc., Key Employees  6The Hackett Group, Inc., Key Employee Biographies  7The Hackett Group, Inc., Major Products and Services  8The Hackett Group, Inc., History  9The Hackett Group, Inc., Other Locations  14The Hackett Group, Inc., Subsidiaries  15The Hackett Group, Inc., Key Competitors  22The Hackett Group, Inc., Ratios based on current share price  23The Hackett Group, Inc., Annual Ratios  24The Hackett Group, Inc. (Cont...1), Annual Ratios  25The Hackett Group, Inc., Interim Ratios  27Currency Codes  29Capital Market Ratios  29Equity Ratios  30Profitability Ratios  30Cost Ratios  31Liquidity Ratios  31Leverage Ratios  31Efficiency Ratios  32List Of Figures, Charts and Diagrams in The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016]List of Figures  The Hackett Group, Inc., Performance Chart (2011 - 2015)  26The Hackett Group, Inc., Ratio Charts  28Additional DetailsPublisherGlobal DataPublisher InformationReference207261 | GDBCS27330FSANumber of Pages33Report FormatPDFRelated ReportsTitleDate PublishedPrice fromMore Details

SMP/PSN – Cofton Hackett Residential Development – Worcestershire Project ProfileTimetric's "SMP/PSN – Cofton Hackett Residential Development – Worcestershire Project Profile"  is a...31 Mar 2017 by Timetric
USD $75
More Info

The Hackett Group, Inc. - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance ReportSummaryThe Hackett Group, Inc. - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report, is a source of compreh...31 Jan 2017 by Marketline
USD $175
More Info

The Hackett Group, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT ReportThe Hackett Group, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and in...27 Aug 2014 by Marketline
USD $437
More Info

The Hackett Group, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT ReportThe Hackett Group, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and in...27 Aug 2014 by Marketline
USD $175
More Info

This report is published by Global Data

Download Free Report Summary PDFDownload our FREE report summary PDF. It contains all the information on these web pages, plus a Proforma Invoice request form, should you need it to satisfy your company's internal order procedures.Ordering InformationOrders are processed immediately and you will be notified of the despatch date on confirmation of your order.Accepted Card Types
Buy now using our secure payment system.



We Stock...


































































Download Our Free Report Summary PDFDownload our FREE report summary PDF. It contains all the information on these web pages, plus a Proforma Invoice request form, should you need it to satisfy your company's internal order procedures.× 



Best Price
PDF
Sample




125
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Single User Price


$125 | Single User Price

250
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Site License Price


$250 | Site License Price

375
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Enterprise License Price


$375 | Enterprise License Price
 










Buy 




Buy This Report Now



125
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Single User Price


$125 | Single User Price

250
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Site License Price


$250 | Site License Price

375
The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review [Updated: 27-12-2016] Enterprise License Price


$375 | Enterprise License Price
 




×







 





























The Hackett Group Inc. Company and Product Info from Supply & Demand Chain Executive




























































				
				Channels			
			





Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources












Go







Menu



Channels



Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources


Additional Resources


Media Center




Magazine




Events




Awards




SDC Map




Sponsored Research




Webinars




Blogs




Supply Chain Learning Center




Podcasts


User
Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Tools
Contact Us
Advertise



























Industry Resources


 The Hackett Group Inc. 
















 Request more information 













 | Share


 | Share


 | Share


 | Share




Company Details:
									1001 Brickell Bay Dr.
									
																			30th Floor
									
																			Miami, FL 33131
																												
																	

Toll Free: 866-442-2538 Fax: 305-379-8810 http://www.thehackettgroup.com/ 
The Hackett Group is a global strategic business advisory and operations improvement consulting firm which provides best practice advisory, business benchmarking and transformation consulting services including strategy and operations, working capital management, and globalization advice.







 Continue Reading










				  Industry Resources
			






SEARCH





            Customer Relationship Management
            



 Channel Management & Customer Analytics 


 Content Management 


 Reverse Logistics Material and-or Merchandise Returns 


 Sales Force Automation 


 Service Parts Logistics Field Service 


 Warranty Chain Management 





            Decision Support
            



 Analysis 


 Business Process & Performance Management 


 Enterprise Business Intelligence 


 Information Sharing 


 Inter-enterprise & Cross-functional Collaboration, Change Management, Staffing & Incentive Management 


 Regulatory & Customer Mandate Compliance, Governance Issues, Supply Chain Risk Management, Supply Chain Relationship Managem 


 Research, Advisory & Consulting 


 Revenue, Price & Profit Management Automation 





            Fulfillment Logistics
            



 Customized Build Assemble Order & Delivery Management 


 Distribution Planning Distribution Requirements Planning 


 Global Trade Management 


 Inventory Management & Optimization 


 Logistics Resource Management 


 Manufacturing Execution Systems 


 Order Management Inputs 


 Outsourcing Services 


 Service Parts Logistics 


 Simultaneous Outbound & Inbound Management 


 Supply Chain Event Management 


 Supply Chain Execution 


 Transportation Management & Optimization 


 Vendor-Managed Inventory 


 Warehouse Management Services 





            Order Demand Capture
            



 Demand Planning Forecasting 


 Order Demand Management 


 Outsourced Manufacturing 


 Supply & Demand Chain Network Design 


 Supply Chain & Production Planning 


 Supply Chain Coordination & Event Management 





            Payment
            



 e-Credit 


 e-Money 


 Electronic Bill Presentment, e-Invoicing 


 Electronic Funds Transfer & All Forms of e-Payment 


 Financial Transaction Management 


 Purchasing Cards 


 Spend Data Management 





            Procurement
            



 Content Management 


 Contingent Workforce Management 


 Group Purchasing Organizations Solutions 


 Marketplaces 


 Supplier Enablement 


 Supplier Performance Measurement & Monitoring 


 Supplier Relationship Management & Supplier Development Marketplaces 


 Supplier Risk Management 





            Product Lifecycle Management
            



 Collaborative Design 


 New Product Introduction 


 Outsourced Design Services 


 Product Data Management 


 Product Portfolio Management 


 Request for Information 





            Professional Development
            



 Certification 


 Conferences - Educational 


 Conferences - Exposition 


 Education - Private Institution 


 Education - University 


 Professional Organizations & Assocations 


 Training 





            Sourcing
            



 Auctions 


 Commodity Team & Supplier Collaboration 


 Content Management 


 Contract Management 


 Outsourced Manufacturing 


 Spend Analytics & Supply Strategy 


 Trading Exchanges (public & private) 





            Supply Chain Integration & Technology Infrastructure
            



 Auto-ID & Data Capture (RFID, barcode) 


 B2B Connectivity Standards 


 Contingency Planning 


 Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) 


 Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) 


 Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) 


 Enterprise Data Management & Data Synchronization 


 Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) 


 Hardware Options 


 Internal External Portals 


 Network Infrastructure 


 On-demand Hosted Applications 


 Regulatory & Customer Mandate Compliance, Governance Issues 


 Security 


 Wireless Applications & Devices 









Industry Resources



 The Hackett Group Inc. 





Industry Resources



 



 Selecting a Best-Fit Integrated Business Planning Technology Solution for Your Organization 





Industry Resources



 



 How the Supply Chain Can Help Improve New Product Development Success 





Industry Resources



 



 Virtually All Diversity Suppliers Meet or Exceed Expectations 





Industry Resources



 



 Global Business Services for Supply Chain Operations 





Industry Resources



 



 Integrated Business Planning: Making Planning a Strategic Differentiator 





Industry Resources



 The Top Three Steps to Becoming Truly Omnichannel-Ready 





Industry Resources



 



 Optimizing the Supply Chain Using Advanced Analytics 





Industry Resources



 



 Largest U.S. Companies Take on More Debt, Ignore Working Capital Performance Improvements 





Industry Resources



 



 Four Keys for Leveraging Supply Chain Technologies to Improve Organizational Performance 





Industry Resources



 



 As Business Uncertainty Rises, Procurement Faces 2016 Balancing Act 





Industry Resources



 



 Five Keys to Unlocking Successful Integrated Business Planning 





Industry Resources



 How an Agile Supply Chain Can Enhance Your Company’s New Product Development Process 





Industry Resources



 



 Manufacturing Complexity Reduction: Three Steps to Effectively Improve Your Manufacturing Operations 





Industry Resources



 World-Class Procurement Spends 17 Percent Less 





Industry Resources



 Working Capital Performance Improves Marginally in 2013 





Industry Resources



 How World-Class Procurement Organizations Outperform 





Industry Resources



 Hackett Group Study Shows Procurement Expanding Priorities Beyond Cost Reductions to Focus on Influence, Innovation 





Industry Resources



 Hackett Study: Working Capital Performance Deteriorates in 2012 





Industry Resources



 It's the Real Deal 





Industry Resources



 The Changing Pace of Manufacturing 





Industry Resources



 REL Report Finds Evidence of Year-End Gamesmanship 





Industry Resources



 



 Defining and Expanding the Value Proposition of P2P 










Industry Resources



 



 Selecting a Best-Fit Integrated Business Planning Technology Solution for Your Organization 


		Integrated business planning software enables integrated forecasting, planning, reporting and analytic capabilities.
	




Industry Resources



 



 How the Supply Chain Can Help Improve New Product Development Success 


		Companies that involve supply chain specialists as early as possible in new product development gain competitive advantage.
	




Industry Resources



 



 Virtually All Diversity Suppliers Meet or Exceed Expectations 


February 12, 2017


		Top performers in supplier diversity value improving supplier partnerships and gaining access to new markets.
	




Industry Resources



 



 Global Business Services for Supply Chain Operations 


		Supply chain is an area of focus for value creation and cost reduction through migration to global business service operations.
	




Industry Resources



 



 Integrated Business Planning: Making Planning a Strategic Differentiator 


		Many companies are moving beyond traditional sales and operations planning to more integrated business planning
	




Industry Resources



 The Top Three Steps to Becoming Truly Omnichannel-Ready 


		Omnichannel can fuel consumer expectations of a seamless experience from browsing to ordering to receiving to returning
	




Industry Resources



 



 Optimizing the Supply Chain Using Advanced Analytics 


		Application of analytical toolsets facilitate timely and meaningful insights to drive decision-making across the supply chain
	











Industry Resources



 



 Largest U.S. Companies Take on More Debt, Ignore Working Capital Performance Improvements 


July 22, 2016


		Collections, payables and inventory performance is lowest since 2008; improvement opportunity tops $1 trillion.
	




Industry Resources



 



 Four Keys for Leveraging Supply Chain Technologies to Improve Organizational Performance 


		Strategically managing supply chain applications across the technology suite only grows in importance
	




Industry Resources



 



 As Business Uncertainty Rises, Procurement Faces 2016 Balancing Act 


March 10, 2016


		To improve agility and reduce cost, procurement needs to harness the value of Big Data and control tail spend
	




Industry Resources



 



 Five Keys to Unlocking Successful Integrated Business Planning 


		The process should drive decisions on how to best meet demand within supply constraints to optimize financial return
	




Industry Resources



 How an Agile Supply Chain Can Enhance Your Company’s New Product Development Process 


		Is your supply chain bolstering or hampering the success of your company’s new products?
	




Industry Resources



 



 Manufacturing Complexity Reduction: Three Steps to Effectively Improve Your Manufacturing Operations 


		Many key performance indicators can measure the performance of an organization’s manufacturing complexity
	




Industry Resources



 World-Class Procurement Spends 17 Percent Less 


August  6, 2015


		World-class procurement organizations are well on the way to becoming client-focused service providers
	











Industry Resources



 Working Capital Performance Improves Marginally in 2013 


August 25, 2014


		In the face of slow growth, few companies focus on optimizing collections, payables and inventory
	




Industry Resources



 How World-Class Procurement Organizations Outperform 


August 21, 2014


		New research shows that top organizations operate at lower costs with fewer staff, but may reach cost-cutting limits
	




Industry Resources



 Hackett Group Study Shows Procurement Expanding Priorities Beyond Cost Reductions to Focus on Influence, Innovation 


May 14, 2014


		It recommends three areas of transformation focus: rebalancing supply risk; recalibrating tools & technology; and reinventing procurement's value proposition.
	




Industry Resources



 Hackett Study: Working Capital Performance Deteriorates in 2012 


		Despite revenue growth, Hackett study sees challenges in working capital and other financial areas
	




Industry Resources



 It's the Real Deal 


		While it hasn’t resulted in the ‘herd mentality’ rush to offshore, returning manufacturing to the United States is gaining momentum
	




Industry Resources



 The Changing Pace of Manufacturing 


March 15, 2013


		Manufacturers abandon outsourcing to drive down costs, shifting focus to internal operations and supply chains
	




Industry Resources



 REL Report Finds Evidence of Year-End Gamesmanship 


October 11, 2012


		New report identifies business’s year-end processes to artificially improve their balance sheet with receivables, payables and inventory
	











Industry Resources



 



 Defining and Expanding the Value Proposition of P2P 



   From 
   IBM


		As you'll read in this study by the Hackett Group, world-class organizations have procurement and finance costs that are nearly 25 percent lower than their peers. And they enjoy lower supply risks and better collaboration with their trading partners...
	








 

Loading

















Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources



Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Advertise
Sitemap




 






