








Product News/Capacitor,Power Suuply Units RUBYCON CORPORATION









English
German
Chinese
Korean
Japanese



Product Information
About Rubycon
Search
Contact





Product News




HOME > 
Product News



Product News
2017

Jul 25, 2017 Updated the contents of "Recommended products per application "

2016

Nov 11, 2016 Correction in Rubycon' Catalog 2017.
Oct 3, 2016 Rubycon Catalog 2017 Issued.
Oct 3, 2016 New Products & Upgrades.
Jan 28, 2016 Capacitors Catalog for Automotive 2016 issued.
Jan 22, 2016 New product information：LUR / LHR series 
(aluminum electrolytic capacitors, screw terminal type).
Jan 11, 2016 Upgrade PZ-CAP PEV / PFV series (Hybrid type).

2015

Oct 23, 2015 Correction in Rubycon' Catalog 2016.
Oct 1, 2015 Conductive Polymer Aluminum Solid Electrolytic Capacitors 「PEV,PZE,PZF」
Oct 1, 2015 Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitor "TRV SERIES" 
Oct 1, 2015 Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitor "UFG,HFG SERIES"
Oct 1, 2015 Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitor "USK,VXK SERIES"
Oct 1, 2015 Polymer Multi-Layer Capacitors(PMLCAP) MR series
Oct 1, 2015 Rubycon Catalog 2016 Issued.
Oct 1, 2015 New Products & Upgrades.
May 18, 2015 Aluminum Electrolytic Capacitor "ZLQ SERIES"
Mar 13, 2015 New Products & Upgrades.  [MAT-C]Series 
Jan 23, 2015 Capacitors Catalog for Automotive 2015 issued.
Jan 9, 2015 New Products & Upgrades. 
Jan 9, 2015 Polymer Multi-Layer Capacitors(PMLCAP) MU series

2014

Dec 15, 2014 Upgrade LSU series (aluminum electrolytic capacitors, screw terminal type).
Dec 15, 2014 Update product information about power film capacitors.
Oct 27, 2014 Correction in Rubycon' Catalog 2015. 
Oct 1, 2014 Rubycon Catalog 2015 Issued.
Oct 1, 2014 New Products & Upgrades.
Jan 30, 2014 Capacitors Catalog for Automotive 2014 issued.

2013

Oct  7, 2013 Correction in Rubycon' Catalog 2014. 
Oct 1, 2013 Rubycon Catalog 2014 Issued.
Oct 1, 2013 New Products & Upgrades.
Oct 1, 2013 Conductive Polymer Aluminum Solid Electrolytic Capacitors "PZ-CAP"
Jul 10, 2013 High Temperature and Long Life Aluminum electrolytic capacitors "LEX Series"
May 20, 2013 Conductive Polymer Aluminum Solid Electrolytic Capacitors "PZA series"

2012

Oct 2, 2012 Rubycon Catalog 2013 Issued.
Oct 2, 2012 New Products & Upgrades.
Oct 2,2012 Conductive Polymer Aluminum Solid Electrolytic Capacitors "PZA Series"
Apr 28, 2012  Ultra Low Profile and High Capacitance Polymer Capacitor Series "SLG"
Apr 28, 2012 Introduction to ultra long life aluminum electrolytic capacitors
Apr 28, 2012 Technical trend of power film capacitors for industrial use

2011

Dec 19, 2011 Features and applications of polymer thin film multi-layer capacitor
 "PMLCAP"
Dec  5, 2011 Correction in Rubycon' Catalog 2012. 
Oct 4, 2011 Rubycon Catalog 2012 Issued.
Oct 4, 2011 New Products & Upgrades.

2010

Nov 4, 2010 Correction in Rubycon' Catalog 2011. 
Oct  5, 2010 Rubycon Catalog 2011 Issued.
Oct  5, 2010 New Products & Upgrades.
Jun 22,2010  Introduction of New Radial Al-Electrolytic Capacitors, "YXJ" series.
Mar 1,2010  Introduction of New Chip Al-Electrolytic Capacitors, "THV"series.

2009

Nov 10, 2009 Correction in of  Rubycon'Catalog 2010.
Oct  6, 2009 Rubycon Catalog 2010 Issued.
Oct  6, 2009 New Products & Upgrades.
Feb 25, 2009 Introduction of New Radial Al-Electrolytic Capacitors, " ZLK "series

2008

Oct 27, 2008 Correction in of Rubycon' Catalog 2009.
Sep 30, 2008 Rubycon Catalog 2009 Issued.
Sep 30, 2008 New Products & Upgrades.
Sep 12, 2008 Introduction of New PC-CON Low ESR Series "NSX"
Jul 30, 2008 Product Information Update.
Jun 27, 2008 Introduction of New Radial Al-Electrolytic Capacitors, " ZLJ "series

2007

Nov 13, 2007 Correction in Rubycon Catalog 2008.
Oct 10, 2007 Rubycon Catalog 2008 Issued.
Oct 10, 2007 New Products & Upgrades.
Oct 10, 2007 Homepage Update.






Site Search






Products Search
Cross Reference Search


 

Information
Product News













Legal Statement
Sitemap
Privacy Policy



1938-1, Nishi-Minowa Ina City, Nagano 399-4593 Japan TEL:0265-72-7111 FAX:0265-73-2914






	Ruby Tech Corp.'s  on Taiwan's Largest ICT B2B Marketplace - computex.biz
























































 



About

Computex.biz
TCA
Privacy Policy
Partners



Membership

Buyer   Sign in   Join Free !
Upgrade to Supplier
Supplier   Sign in



Contact Us


Buyer Service  |  FAQ


Supplier Service  |  FAQ

 

Newsletter

COMPUTEX Newsletter



Recommended Channels

CES 2016 Highlights
BC Award of COMPUTEX TAIPEI
Taiwan Excellent 3C Product
Embedded Technology (Japan)



Trade Shows

COMPUTEX TAIPEI
Worldwide Trade Show









 



 







COMPUTEX TAIPEI  (Visitor /
                    Exhibitor)

BC Award











Sitemap




 





Products

Product Wall
Hot Products
Recently Updated
Product Directory
Post My Products


Suppliers

Supplier Wall
Hot Suppliers
Newly Arrived
Active Suppliers
Become a Supplier


Videos

COMPUTEX 2017
Video Wall
Recently Updated
COMPUTEX 2016


News

News Wall
Industry News
Headline News
Special Interview
Post My News



My Office

Inquiry


My Product Basket
My Company Basket
Sent Inquiry
Received Inquiry


Buyer Services

Trade Alert
ePaper
User Profile
FAQ


Supplier Services

Post a New Product
Post a New News
Manage Products Data
Manage Company Data
Manage News Data
Settings
Advertisement
FAQ






Language

English
繁體中文
简体中文



















Products
Suppliers
Videos
News





Hot Keywords:

CCTV Camera
cctv
PE3B
UPS
fingerprint flash drive


































Forget Password?
Help










 

 































                Ruby Tech Corp.
            



                Ruby Tech
            



Active Supplier :
        
        



            Special Promotion






PSGS-2612









GS-2612




















/photo/images/company/2009111911316359.jpg














Inquiry


Add to basket








                        AN-808T
                    







                                Ruby Tech Corp.
                            








                                
                                
                                
                                8-Port TP Arcnet Hub
                            

                                Minimum Order Quantity : NegotiableAre samples available for this product? : Yes
                                
                                

















                        
                        Product Introduction
                    



                        Fast Inquiry
                    





                        Language
: 
English


Key Features :

Relays network signal over distances of up to 400 feet 
Provides all features of coax Arcnet active hub 
2.5Mbps transfer rate 
LEDs on front panel for diagnostics, configuration and installation 
115 VAC (230 VAC option) 
Technical Specification :
Ordering Information 

Model 




AN-808T
8-Port TP Arcnet Hub






                Related Prodcuts
            











FGS-2614







PSGS-2310G







GS-2326







PSGS-2326K







IPES-5408







PSES-5408































Produce by  Copyright Notice © 2015 Taipei Computer Association. All rights reserved.  Any type of unauthorized reproduction is prohibited.  Legal and Privacy Policy




















            Loading, please wait …
        





















	Ruby Tech Corp.'s  on Taiwan's Largest ICT B2B Marketplace - computex.biz







 
 





































 
 
Home
 

 
Products
 

 


 




























/photo/images/company/200911199423015.jpg














Inquiry


Add to basket








                        CR-1112
                    







                                Ruby Tech Corp.
                            








                                
                                
                                
                                12-Slot Media Converter Chassis
                            

                                Minimum Order Quantity : NegotiableAre samples available for this product? : Yes
                                
                                

















                        
                        Product Introduction
                    



                        Fast Inquiry
                    





                        Language
: 
English


CR-1112 is a specially designed chassis to accommodate Ruby Tech slide-in converters. With the high-density design, the chassis can host 12 pieces of various kinds of media converters, which can be either stand-alone or be slided into the chassis. These converters are fully compliant with IEEE multi-protocol standards, including 10Base-T/2/FL, 100Base-TX/FX, and 1000Base protocols.
CR-1112 provides solutions for users to best manage media converters. Since converter is connected directly to the chassis main-board, no power cable or wire is required for connection. Moreover, a redundant power supply is offered in the power supply set to cope with any accidental breakdown of power supply.
Key Features :

Flexible design for small growing networks
Hot swappable to avoid network downtime
Redundant power supply to prevent system failure, if one fails, the redundant power supply is capable of taking over immediately.
RoHS Compliance 
Technical Specification :

Slot Capacity 

12 Slide-in units 
LED Indicators 

Power-A : Status of Power A in use
Power-B : Status of Power B in use
ERROR : Power Circuit Malfunction
Fan : Status of Fan
Power : Redundant Power 
AC Power Input 

Voltage : 100~240VAC 
Frequency : 50~60Hz 
Dissipation : 60W max. 
Power Consumption : 60W 




Power Configuration
Redundant
Single

Power A
YES
YES

Power B
YES
YES

Ambient Temperature

0°C to 50°C 
Storage Temperature

-10°C to 70°C 
Humidity

5% to 90% 
Dimensions

440 (W) x 258.6 (D) x 89 (H) mm 
Chassis Weight

4.25Kg 
AC Power Weight

0.78Kg 
DC Power Weight

0.78Kg 
Certification

FCC Part 15 Class A
CE Mark 
Ordering Information

Model 




CR-1112RAC
12-Slot Media Converter Chassis with Dual AC Input Redundant Power Supply

CR-1112RADC
12-Slot Media Converter Chassis with AC+DC Input Redundant Power Supply

CR-1112RDC
12-Slot Media Converter Chassis with Dual DC Input Redundant Power Supply

CR-1112AC
12-Slot Media Converter Chassis with Single AC Input Redundant Power Supply

CR-1112DC
12-Slot Media Converter Chassis with Single DC Input Redundant Power Supply

CPS-AC60W
AC to DC 60W Power Supply Module for CR-1112

CPS-DC60W
DC to DC 60W Power Supply Module for CR-1112






                Related Prodcuts
            











MIGUcast Streaming Media Adapter







OP7K-MX3-85-C







OP7K-S80-15-C







OP7K-S40-15-C







OP7K-S10-13-C







OP8K-MX3-85-C




























Facebook: 


            
            Like Us on Facebook
        

























SAPPHIRE Technology


































 







   




MENU 


CONSUMER

SAPPHIRE NITRO Gaming Series
SAPPHIRE PULSE Graphics Series
Radeon™ Graphics
SAPPHIRE NITRO GEAR
Mini PC
Accessories


Professional
Embedded

Embedded Mainboards
Embedded Graphics
Barebones/Systems/Micro Server


Support

Download
Where to buy
FAQ
Technical support


Media

Press
Review
Event
Award
Video
Media center


Blog
Community

Facebook
Steam
Youtube
Twitter


LANGUAGE

English
Русский
Deutsch
Español
Português
简体中文
繁體中文









English
Русский
Deutsch
Español
Português
简体中文
繁體中文















Deploying Embedded Linux on an AMD     LX-based sub-$100 Sapphire LX210 board
 








 







 







 









 
 SAPPHIRE NITRO

The new SAPPHIRE NITRO Series is an evolution of our Market-Leading, Award-Winning, High-End graphics card technology – Now made accessible for the PC gamer.
Details
          
 



 
 SAPPHIRE PGS

SAPPHIRE PGS supports the full range of  professional applications for professional users. For industrial customers, SAPPHIRE PGS integrates display related graphics application solutions for broadcasting, digital signage, medical, surveillance, ATC (Air Traffic Control) and other markets.
Details
          
 



 
 Low Power Embedded

The high-performance CPU and GPU cores within the 2nd Generation AMD Embedded R-Series APU can be allocated tothe best suited compute tasks by utilizing HSA.
Details
          
 



 
 Digital Signage

SAPPHIRE's GPRO Series of Commercial Graphics cards are powerful and versatile solutions capable of driving multi-displays for Digital Signage environments such as in tradeshow floors, restaurants and conference environments. The GPRO series of cards enable users to roll out high quality, reliable, and professional signage solutions.
Details
          
 











Hot Products









  
 SAPPHIRE Radeon™  RX Vega64  8G HBM2 


        1546 MHz
        
         


 Learn More
          
 





  
 SAPPHIRE Radeon™  RX Vega64  8G HBM2 Limited Edition


        1546 MHz
        
         


 Learn More
          
 





  
 SAPPHIRE Radeon™  RX Vega64  8G HBM2 Liquid Cooling


        1677 MHz
        
         


 Learn More
          
 





  
 SAPPHIRE PULSE Radeon™ RX 560 2GD5 (45W)


        1216 MHz
        
         


 Learn More
          
 





  
 SAPPHIRE NITRO+ Radeon™  RX 580 8GD5 Special Edition


        1430 MHz
        
         


 Learn More
          
 





  
 SAPPHIRE PULSE Radeon™ RX 570 4GD5


        1284 MHz
        
         


 Learn More
          
 





  
 SAPPHIRE PULSE ITX Radeon™ RX 570 4GD5


        1244 MHz
        
         


 Learn More
          
 





  
 SAPPHIRE NITRO+ Radeon™  RX 570 4GD5


        1340 MHz
        
         


 Learn More
          
 










At SAPPHIRE, We Provide
How to Make A Difference
Get to know about our products, have fun and share our love for technology.

Making Of: The NITRO Woman by Kay Pike
SAPPHIRE NITRO+ 480 Gameplays
Not From Concentrate 2
How to use SAPPHIRE TriXX 6.1.0 Guide
Doom [2016] PC Gameplay 1080p 60fps


        SAPPHIRE Youtube Channel



 






Latest SAPPHIRE Nation articles














NEWS & EVENTS











 

 Date: 6/1/2017
SAPPHIRE brings NITRO Gear and Thunderbolt™ 3 accessories to Computex 2017

Read More
          
 



 

 Date: 4/21/2017
SAPPHIRE debuts NITRO+ Radeon RX 580 Limited Edition for demanding gamers

Read More
          
 



 

 Date: 4/21/2017
SAPPHIRE introduces new PULSE graphics card family

Read More
          
 



 

 Date: 7/1/2016
SAPPHIRE launches next generation Polaris-based Radeon™ RX 480 graphics card

Read More
          
 



 

 Date: 5/6/2016
SAPPHIRE at Computex 2016

Read More
          
 









 

Sapphire Radeon RX 470 Nitro+ OC 8GB – Review
     

        "La Sapphire RX 470 Nitro+ è la scheda perfetta per giocare in Full HD con la qualità sparata al massimo, senza dissanguarsi per comprarla."...
        

  


2016.9.26






 

SAPPHIRE RX 470 NITRO+ Recensione
     

        Esteticamente la Sapphire RX 470 Nitro+ si presenta con una parte frontale in plastica completamente nera opaco e una texture puntinata, è presente sul r...
        

  


2016.9.16






 

HARDWARE: Sapphire Nitro Radeon RX460 OC 4GB
     

        Amd je predstavljajući svoju novu Polaris arhitekturu grafičkih kartica napao budžetski segment tržišta a ništa tu filozofiju ne predstavlja tako dobro kao najpovoljn...
        

  


2016.9.22






 

Sapphire Radeon RX 470 NITRO+
     

        U realnom radu, tokom nedelju dana našeg testiranja, kartica se pokazala u fenomenalnom izdanju. Tiha, hladna i veoma, veoma brza! U grafikonu možete videti rezultate koje S...
        

  


2016.9.30






 

Sapphire Radeon RX470 Nitro+ 4GB test
     

        RX470 kartica je identičnih dimenzija i dizajna kao i jača RX480, pa se na 240 mm dužine tu ispod plastičnog pokrova rasprostire Dual-X hladnjak s free flow dizajnom u kojem se sav...
        

  


2016.10.4

















Privacy PolicyCopyright © 2016 SAPPHIRE Technology Limited All rights reserved.



 
















































Taiwan PSES-2126C & PSES-2126CF | RUBY TECH CORPORATION | Taiwantrade.com















Home
Service
Service Overview
Customized Sourcing


台灣經貿網
English
正體中文
日本語
简体中文
Русский
Español
Português
العربية
Indonesia
Tiếng Việt Nam
ภาษาไทย


Favorites(0)
Sign In
Register
guest no cache from cms-cm:172.17.0.7








Product
Product
Supplier
Sample




Advanced





Home

Telecom Products

Communication Equipment

Private Branch Exchange (PBX)


PSES-2126C & PSES-2126CF






















PSES-2126C & PSES-2126CF

Model No.：PSES-2126C & PSES-2126CF
Certification：FCC ,CE
Get Latest Price
Supplier：RUBY TECH CORPORATION

Contact SupplierNo sign-up required.








Product Detail
Company Profile


Add To Favorites


Key FeaturesPSES-2126C/CF series PoE Products (includes PSES-2126C with 185W power supply and PSES-2126CF with 380W power supply) supports 24 10/100Mbps Auto-negotiation, Auto-MDIX Ethernet ports and Power over Ethernet to IEEE 802.3af compliant devices. With the 24-port featuring PoE function, the PSES-2126C/CF is an ideal solution for wireless AP, VoIP phones, security video cameras. The PSES-2126C supports up to 24-Port 7.7 watts and PSES-2126CF supports up to 24-port 15.4 watts. It’s fully compliant with the standards of IEEE 802.3/u/x/z/ab/af. It is equipped with 24 UTP (RJ-45) ports and 2 of which are dual media ports that accommodate optional 10/100/1000Base-T or SFP modules. In addition, the switch implements the QoS (Quality of Service), Mac Filtering Policy, Port Mirror, VLAN and full L2 protocol. The overall network management is enhanced and the network efficiency is also improved to accommodate high bandwidth applications with security. Key Features---Port Mirroring helps supervisor monitoring network---Support Q-in-Q(Double-tag)---IEEE802.1Q tag-base VLAN, 256 active max and port-base    VLAN---IEEE802.1X Access Control improve network security---IEEE802.1D Compatible, IEEE802.1w Rapid Spanning Tree    Unknown Unicast/Broadcast/Multicast storm control---2 Dual Media for Flexible Fiber Connection---Support IEEE 802.3af compliant with Endpoint with 48VDC    power through RJ-45 pin 1, 2, 3, 6. for PoE Requirement.    (PSES-2126C provides up to 7.7W/port for 24-port,    PSES-2126CF provides up to 15.4W/port for 24-port)----Support IGMP Snooping 

Main Export Market
Asia, Middle East, Europe, Africa, North America, Central America, South America, Oceania, Other


Product Certification








Attachment

PSES2126CCF.pdf(0.19MB)

Last Update :
									2010-12-21

Loading ...
				            	
                              

Product Detail
Company Profile



				              The purpose of Slider Kit is to gather common slideshow-like jQuery functionalities (such as news sliders, photos galleries/sliders, carousels, tabs menus)
				            

				              When tracking mouse movement, you usually need to know the actual position of the mouse pointer. The event object that is passed to the handler contains some information about the mouse coordinates.
				            

Contact Supplier



To:


				                        					    , RUBY TECH CORPORATION


 

PSES-2126C & PSES-2126CF





CC:
Use ; or , to separate multiple recipients








From:


Sign in to have your contact details filled in for youSign In



 

*Email
Send a Copy to Myself



 

*Re-enter Email
Verified



 

*Subject




 

*Message




 


Upload file formats : htm、html、doc、docx、pdf、txt、jpg、gif、png



 

Estimated Purchase Amount USD




 


Continue







Contact Supplier



 





 

*Full Name

Mrs.
Ms.
Mr.



 

*Company Name




 

*Location

Please Select a Country
Czech Republic
Finland
Gibraltar
Other
Montenegro
Serbia
Niue
Equatorial Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Kenya
Federal Islamic Republic of the Comoros
Liberia
Lesotho
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Monaco
Madagascar
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Seychelles
Sudan
Sierra Leone
Senegal
Somalia
Swaziland
Chad
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Greenland
Guadeloupe
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Helena
United States of America
Anguilla
Netherlands Antilles
Barbados
Bermuda
Belize
Costa Rica
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Guatemala
Honduras
Haiti
Jamaica
Saint Christopher (St. Kitts) and Nevis
Cayman Islands
Saint Lucia
Montserrat
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
El Salvador
Trinidad And Tobago
St Vincent
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Nevis
F T/C C A
BR T/C C A
Argentina
Aruba
Bolivia
Chile
Colombia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
French Guiana
S. Georgia And The S. Sandwich Islands
Guyana
Peru
Paraguay
Uruguay
Venezuela
American Samoa
Australia
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Christmas Island
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Maldives
New Caledonia
Norfolk Island
Nauru
New Zealand
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Palau
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
East Timor
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Samoa
Tahiti
Other Oceania
US T/P P A
Antarctica
Bougainville Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Neutral Zone
Pitcairn
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
French Southern Territories
Mayotte
Gambia
Guinea
Bangladesh
Brunei Darussalam
Mainland China
Hong Kong
Indonesia
India
Japan
Cambodia
Korea, North Korea
Korea, South Korea
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macau
Malaysia
Nepal
Pakistan
Singapore
Thailand
Taiwan, ROC
Viet Nam
Ryukyu
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Bahrain
Israel
Iraq
Iran
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Syrian Arab Republic
Turkey
Yemen
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Belgium
Bulgaria
Belarus
Switzerland
Germany
Denmark
Estonia
Spain
Faroe Islands
France
France, Metropolitan
United Kingdom
Georgia
Greece
Croatia
Hungary
Ireland
Iceland
Kyrgyzstan
Kazakhstan
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Latvia
Morocco
Republic of Moldova
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Sweden
Slovenia
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
San Marino
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Angola
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Benin
Botswana
Central African Republic
Congo
Cote D'Ivoire
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Djibouti
Algeria
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Ghana
Sao Tome and Principe
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Canada
Heard and Mc Donald Island
Antigua And Barbuda
Bahamas
Cuba
Grenada
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Turks And Caicos Islands
Brazil
Ecuador
Suriname
Cook Islands
Micronesia, Federated States Of
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Bhutan
Sri Lanka
Philippines
Cyprus
Saudi Arabia
Albania
Azerbaijan
Italy
Lithuania
Macedonia
Democratic Republic of Congo
Republic of Somaliland
Republic of South Sudan
State of Palestine



 

*Company Site
Not Available



 

Business PhoneExt.
+#



 


Submit











Loading ...
                              






Loading ...
				      		
                  















Submit
















	Overview of Incorporation Services - Incorporate your business to gain the benefits of the best business tax structure and asset protection method.





































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Homepage
 Incorporate Your Business
Incorporation Overview - Standard Package 



Incorporate your LLC, C-Corp, S-Corp, Nonprofit or LLP Today!
If you  are unsure which one is right for you, our Incorporation Wizard will help you make a choice that's right for your business.








incorporation Standard Package Starting at $149 + 
                                
government fee











 START FOR FREE 












 Tell us about your business:  


Answer a couple of simple questions about your business. Our Incorporation Wizard takes the work out of incorporating. 





Choose an Incorporation Package:  


Choose your package - We guide you through the information that your state of incorporation requires. 




Customize for Your Incorporation: 


Make any changes you want and submit your answers to us. LegalForce does the rest. 






Overview of Incorporation Service - Forming Your Business!
Incorporating may be the most important move you make for your business. It can help protect you and your family from the risks of personal liability and may make it easier to attract employees and investment. 

1. LegalForce's Incorporation Wizard, designed by corporate attorneys, makes it super easy for you to incorporate a business.
2. Your documentation will be well prepared and complete.
3. Fast, friendly service and 24/7 customer support. 
4. Take care of the bureaucratic details so you can focus on your business.

Why Incorporate?

1.  Protect your personal assets. By forming a corporation, you separate your personal assets from the company, and are typically not personally responsible for business debts. So creditors can't pursue your home or car to pay business debts.
 2. Tax and other savings. Corporations often gain tax advantages, such as savings on self-employment taxes, and deductions for health insurance premiums and life insurance.
 3. Attract investors. Incorporating is often a pre-requisite to getting outside investment, from sales of stock, or for borrowing money from professional investors or banks. It can also help you reach potential new customers and partners.
 4. Easier transfer and sale. An incorporated business provides more security for purchasers and therefore can also be easier to sell than an unincorporated business.
 5. Retirement planning. It can be easier to create retirement funds and qualified plans, like a 401(k) for yourself and employees. 









In the Standard Package, incorporating a business is easy and painless.
 You will receive: (1) LegalForce automated Incorporation Wizard helps you decide what corporate form is best for your business; (2) Legally compliant filing of Articles of Incorporation; (3) Customer service available at any time.
 Some states require your original signature before filing. For these states, we will send you the documents to sign and return to us. 








InCorporation Plus Package





InCorporation Gold Package






Incorporate Your Business in 3 Easy Steps
You provide basic information about your business, and we take care of filling out the right state forms, creating your corporate documents, and guiding you through the incorporation process. Our "Incorporation Wizard" will recommend an incorporation package based on what other businesses like yours usually choose. This is all you have to do: 
Step 1. Tell us about your business: 
Answer a couple of simple questions about your business. These are used by our "Incorporation Wizard" to recommend the state and type of incorporation that are most likely to meet your needs. You are free to make changes to these recommendations or to chose a different package.
 Step 2. Choose an Incorporation Package:
 Choose your package and fill out our simple form. We guide you through the information that your state of incorporation requires.
 Step 3. Customize for Your Business:
 Make any changes you want and submit your answers to us. 
LegalForce Does the Rest:
 We will prepare and file the appropriate documents with the state of incorporation. We also create bylaws and minutes to get your company started. When the state responds, we will send your incorporation documents to you and give you easy-to-follow instructions of what to do next. 




















RUBY TECH--Managed Switch, Fiber Switch, Media Converter, Managed Fiber Converter, Fiber NIC, Arcnet, RS232 Fiber Modem, VDSL, Ethernet First Mile, Metro Ethernet



















  
 
  
 




  








 


 



你的位置: 回到首頁 > 關於德勝











Company Profile 

德勝科技股份有限公司，成立於1981年，為國內通信網路之上櫃公司(股票代號8048)，研發、設計、製造網管交換器、光纖轉換設備及光纖網路卡。產品品質符合ISO9001，公司並通過ISO14000環保認證；擁有光電、嵌入型系統、網管及通信之核心技術；交貨迅速並提供即時的售後服務 — 德勝的產品已經由代理商、加值經銷商、系統整合商及OEM/ODM客戶行銷全球，並大量應用於電信、廣電光纖到家及高階企業網路應用領域，廣受客戶之推崇與喜愛。 

全球IoT、雲端運算、大數據、4G/5G之應用熱潮方興未艾，這些應用均需透過有線及無線連線上網，而交換器就是有線最重要的連網設備。有鑑於此，德勝將研發資源投注在新一代交換器的開發，近年來陸續推出的交換器設備有Web Smart網管交換器、L2網管交換器、PoE交換器、光纖交換器、Carrier Ethernet交換器及Unmanaged Plus交換器。機種之深及廣，涵括支援各種埠數〈5、8、16、24、48〉；支援各種傳輸速度〈1G, 2.5G, 10G〉；支援各種供電瓦數〈每埠供電半載7.7W、全載15.4W、高載30W、超高載60W〉；支援各種工作溫度〈0 to 40°C、-10°C to 60°C、-40°C to 75°C〉。這些交換器均內建設備管理系統，此系統可很容易管理交換器及接在交換器的設備，如Wifi基地台、網路攝影機、網路電話、影音串流、智慧照明、機器手臂、無人搬運車等。有別於市場上需要專屬網管工作站及各種IP設備需要分類無法整合管理之不便。新一代交換器更支援手機網管、交換器搜尋等；PoE交換器每埠均支援6KV突波保護，解決了交換器雷擊問題。軟硬體的強化大幅降低客戶網路的維運成本。德勝更打造雲端服務平台，提供客製客戶迅速選型、打樣；量產訂單低MOQ、迅速交貨；雲端售後技術支援可即時排除客戶線上問題。
“持續提供技術、創新及卓越的網通產品”是德勝科技的企業使命。只要追求的是“最佳的網通產品及最棒的供應商”德勝科技均竭誠歡迎您成為長期的事業夥伴。“客戶的滿意”是德勝科技努力的目標。 
Milestone

 




2012

Introduced ECO series GbE/PoE smart switches
Introduced industrial GbE Carrier Ethernet switch
Introduced industrial GbE/FE to EPON ONU converters


2011

Introduced ECO series GbE L2 Plus/PoE managed switches 
Introduced GbE Carrier Ethernet switches 
Introduced standalone GbE TP/SFP Combo to GEPON OLT converter






2010

Introduced Web Smart Gigabit and Fast Ethernet Media Converter 
Introduced 24 ports Layer 2 Plus Managed Gigabit and Fast Ethernet Fiber Switch 
Introduced wide temperature industrial switch 
Introduced 10G SFP+ Fiber NIC 


2009

Listed on Taiwan OTC Market (Stock Code: 8048) 






2008

Introduced Industrial Media Converter,Industrial PoE/Fast 
Ethernet/Gigabit Managed Switch
Introduced Industrial Wireless Access Point and Client Bridge
Announced Fast Ethernet and Gigabit PCI Express


2007

Introduced EPON OLT modular Chassis and ONU Converter for point to multiple-point FTTX infrastructure Introduced 48-port Layer 2+Managed Gigabit Switch


2006

Successfully introduced full line of RoHS compliant products
Introduced Outdoor WiFi Access Point and Client Bridge


2005

Introduced 8/16/24 ports Layer 2 Managed Gigabit Switches Introduced PoE Fast Ethernet and Gigabit Switches, PoE PSE and PD Fiber Converters


2004

Introduced world first CardBus 100Base-Fx Fiber NIC for Notebook PC


2003

Became a public listing company in Taiwan Emerging Stock Market Introduced Metro Ethernet LE and CPE site Managed Switch/Converter


2002

Passed TUV ISO9001 VersionY2000 certification 
Win the ChungHwa Telecom FTTB project


2001

Successfully introduced full line of Optic Networking products including management converter Rack, WDM converter, Gigabit Fiber Card and Converter, Long haul 80km and 100km 100Base-TX to 100Base-FX converters, and RS-232 to Fiber Converter


2000

Introduced Manageable network product and HomePNA series product


1999

Passed TUV ISO9002 certification 
Microsoft certified Ruby Tech 10/100Mbps NIC Microsoft PC98 certification Introduced third generation Fiber product


1997

Started to introduce entire series of Network product 
Successfully introduced second generation Fiber product 
The first manufacturer in Taiwan to introduce PCMCIA Fiber Card 
The first manufacturer in Taiwan to introduce Wake On LAN (WOL) Card


1996

The first manufacturer in Taiwan to introduce ISA Fast Ethernet Card
Started to research and develop Fiber product and introduced first generation Fiber product


1995

Set up Headquarters and new factory in Taipei


1993

Conducted data transmission networking for Singapore Chang-I Airport


1987

Set up factory and Pioneered in Taiwan to introduce ARCNET Card/ Hub in Taiwan


1981

Established and Started the business
 
 
Ruby Tech Corp.
www.rubytech.com.tw 
 
Headquarters
3F, No.1, Lane 50, Nan Kang Road, Sec.3, Taipei, Taiwan
E-mail : rubytech@mail.rubytech.com.tw
TEL     :+886-2-27853961
FAX     :+886-2-27863012 



 




  搜尋













 
 


 


 
 


 


 


 


 

 回到首頁 | 關於德勝 | 最新消息 | 系列產品 | 解決方案 | 技術支援 | 合作夥伴 | 聯絡我們


 


 
 


 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 











Ruby Tech Inc.









  
 
  
 













 


 


Your Location: Home 
              > Profile











Company Profile 




Ruby 
          Tech is an innovative manufacturer based in Taiwan, specializing in 
          research, design and production of networking products. We are a technology-oriented 
          company and have owned a lot of expertise on Metro Ethernet, Multilayer 
          Managed Switch, Fiber Optic Access, Media Conversion, LAN and VPN. In 
          2006, Ruby Tech launched its Industrial Wireless Solutions –Industrial 
          Wireless Access Point / Router Bridge / Client Bridge and outdoor wireless 
          antennas. Over the years, Ruby Tech has established a worldwide reputation 
          for producing superior LAN equipment and Ethernet products and has become 
          a world-class OEM/ODM total solution partner for advanced networking 
          products.
With 
          multifaceted core technologies, strict quality control policy based 
          on ISO9001, rapid delivery schedule and soonest customer services on 
          both technical support and RMA, Ruby Tech’s products have been adopted 
          and installed with customer’s adoration in worldwide telecom and datacom 
          applications through our Channel, VAR, SI, OEM and ODM customers.
In 
          order to cater to the imminent FTTx infrastructure construction throughout 
          the world, Ruby Tech has been expanding R&D forces and making all 
          efforts to develop a series of advanced carrier grade Metro Ethernet 
          Managed and Smart Plus Switches and Converters for both Local Exchange 
          and Customer Premise Equipment sites’ uses. These products have been 
          deployed in Japan, Korea, Sweden, China, Hong Kong Australia, USA and 
          Taiwan on the projects of Fiber to the Home, Fiber to the Building, 
          Fiber to the Curb and Fiber to the Desktop.
“Consistently 
          deliver the foremost, innovative and state-of-the-art Metro Ethernet 
          and industrial wireless related products for Telecom LE and CPE and 
          enterprise applications” is Ruby Tech’s mission. We sincerely invite 
          all sorts of customers - Distributor, VAR, SI, OEM and ODM, who are 
          pursuing nice networking products and a professional networking suppliers 
          to become Ruby Tech’s long-term business partners. What can best benefit 
          its customers is what the company aims at and devotes to.


Milestone

 




2012

Introduced ECO series GbE/PoE smart switches
Introduced industrial GbE Carrier Ethernet switch
Introduced industrial GbE/FE to EPON ONU converters


2011

Introduced ECO series GbE L2 Plus/PoE managed switches 
Introduced GbE Carrier Ethernet switches 
Introduced standalone GbE TP/SFP Combo to GEPON OLT converter






2010

Introduced Web Smart Gigabit and Fast Ethernet Media Converter 
Introduced 24 ports Layer 2 Plus Managed Gigabit and Fast Ethernet Fiber Switch 
Introduced wide temperature industrial switch 
Introduced 10G SFP+ Fiber NIC  


2009

Listed on Taiwan OTC Market (Stock Code: 8048) 






2008

Introduced Industrial Media Converter,Industrial PoE/Fast 
Ethernet/Gigabit Managed Switch
Introduced Industrial Wireless Access Point and Client Bridge
Announced Fast Ethernet and Gigabit PCI Express


2007

Introduced EPON OLT modular Chassis and ONU Converter for point to multiple-point FTTX infrastructure Introduced 48-port Layer 2+Managed Gigabit Switch


2006

Successfully introduced full line of RoHS compliant products
Introduced Outdoor WiFi Access Point and Client Bridge


2005

Introduced 8/16/24 ports Layer 2 Managed Gigabit Switches Introduced PoE Fast Ethernet and Gigabit Switches, PoE PSE and PD Fiber Converters


2004

Introduced world first CardBus 100Base-Fx Fiber NIC for Notebook PC


2003

Became a public listing company in Taiwan Emerging Stock Market Introduced Metro Ethernet LE and CPE site Managed Switch/Converter


2002

Passed TUV ISO9001 VersionY2000 certification 
Win the ChungHwa Telecom FTTB project


2001

Successfully introduced full line of Optic Networking products including management converter Rack, WDM converter, Gigabit Fiber Card and Converter, Long haul 80km and 100km 100Base-TX to 100Base-FX converters, and RS-232 to Fiber Converter


2000

Introduced Manageable network product and HomePNA series product


1999

Passed TUV ISO9002 certification 
Microsoft certified Ruby Tech 10/100Mbps NIC Microsoft PC98 certification Introduced third generation Fiber product


1997

Started to introduce entire series of Network product 
Successfully introduced second generation Fiber product 
The first manufacturer in Taiwan to introduce PCMCIA Fiber Card 
The first manufacturer in Taiwan to introduce Wake On LAN (WOL) Card


1996

The first manufacturer in Taiwan to introduce ISA Fast Ethernet Card
Started to research and develop Fiber product and introduced first generation Fiber product


1995

Set up Headquarters and new factory in Taipei


1993

Conducted data transmission networking for Singapore Chang-I Airport


1987

Set up factory and Pioneered in Taiwan to introduce ARCNET Card/ Hub in Taiwan


1981

Established and Started the business
 
 
Ruby Tech Corp.
www.rubytech.com.tw 
 
Headquarters
3F, No.1, Lane 50, Nan Kang Road, Sec.3, Taipei, Taiwan
E-mail : rubytech@mail.rubytech.com.tw
TEL     :+886-2-27853961
FAX     :+886-2-27863012
  



 




  Search












 
 


 


 
 


 


 


 


 

 Home | Ruby | News | Products | Solution | Support |  Partner | Contact


 


 
 


 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 















Rubicon Technology, Inc. - Sapphire Substrates and Customized Optics





















Select a Language:
English
Chinese
Japanese
Korean










Home
The CompanySapphire
Company Timeline
Leadership Team
Careers
Contact Us

TechnologyPatterned Sapphire Substrates
Raw Materials
Crystal Growth
Fabrication
Polishing
Quality Management
Customer Satisfaction

ProductsPatterned Sapphire Substrates
Ingot
Optical Windows
Polished Substrates
Consumer Electronics Components

MarketsLED
Silicon on Sapphire
Optical
Consumer Electronics

R & DLANCE
200KG Boules

Events & NewsIn the News
Events
Industry News

ResourcesPapers
Multimedia
Technical Information

Investors
SEC Filings
 













See Our Technology View Our Products
ITAR Registered











Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.




Patterned Sapphire Substrates
Rubicon Technology, Inc., the global leader inlarge-diameter sapphire substrates, has leveraged its unique expertise to create a complete line of Patterned Sapphire Substrates—PSS—up to 8” in diameter. We offer fully customizable sub-micron patterning capability with tight dimensional tolerances, within ± 0.1 μm. With an edge exclusion zone as small as 1 mm, Rubicon gives you more usable area to maximize the number of chips per wafer. 

 

Vertical Integration – Powder to Pattern
Rubicon Technology is the only sapphire manufacturer that is vertically integrated from the processing of raw aluminum oxide powder to the creation of highly customized patterned sapphire substrates.  Vertical integration has fostered the ability to grow progressively larger sapphire while maintaining exceptional sapphire quality, controlling cost, and excelling as the industry’s most reliable, consistent and innovative technology partner.



Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.




Patterned Sapphire Substrates
Rubicon Technology, Inc., the global leader inlarge-diameter sapphire substrates, has leveraged its unique expertise to create a complete line of Patterned Sapphire Substrates—PSS—up to 8” in diameter. We offer fully customizable sub-micron patterning capability with tight dimensional tolerances, within ± 0.1 μm. With an edge exclusion zone as small as 1 mm, Rubicon gives you more usable area to maximize the number of chips per wafer. 

 

Vertical Integration – Powder to Pattern
Rubicon Technology is the only sapphire manufacturer that is vertically integrated from the processing of raw aluminum oxide powder to the creation of highly customized patterned sapphire substrates.  Vertical integration has fostered the ability to grow progressively larger sapphire while maintaining exceptional sapphire quality, controlling cost, and excelling as the industry’s most reliable, consistent and innovative technology partner.



Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.




Patterned Sapphire Substrates
Rubicon Technology, Inc., the global leader inlarge-diameter sapphire substrates, has leveraged its unique expertise to create a complete line of Patterned Sapphire Substrates—PSS—up to 8” in diameter. We offer fully customizable sub-micron patterning capability with tight dimensional tolerances, within ± 0.1 μm. With an edge exclusion zone as small as 1 mm, Rubicon gives you more usable area to maximize the number of chips per wafer. 

 

Vertical Integration – Powder to Pattern
Rubicon Technology is the only sapphire manufacturer that is vertically integrated from the processing of raw aluminum oxide powder to the creation of highly customized patterned sapphire substrates.  Vertical integration has fostered the ability to grow progressively larger sapphire while maintaining exceptional sapphire quality, controlling cost, and excelling as the industry’s most reliable, consistent and innovative technology partner.



Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.




Patterned Sapphire Substrates
Rubicon Technology, Inc., the global leader inlarge-diameter sapphire substrates, has leveraged its unique expertise to create a complete line of Patterned Sapphire Substrates—PSS—up to 8” in diameter. We offer fully customizable sub-micron patterning capability with tight dimensional tolerances, within ± 0.1 μm. With an edge exclusion zone as small as 1 mm, Rubicon gives you more usable area to maximize the number of chips per wafer. 

 

Vertical Integration – Powder to Pattern
Rubicon Technology is the only sapphire manufacturer that is vertically integrated from the processing of raw aluminum oxide powder to the creation of highly customized patterned sapphire substrates.  Vertical integration has fostered the ability to grow progressively larger sapphire while maintaining exceptional sapphire quality, controlling cost, and excelling as the industry’s most reliable, consistent and innovative technology partner.



Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.




Patterned Sapphire Substrates
Rubicon Technology, Inc., the global leader inlarge-diameter sapphire substrates, has leveraged its unique expertise to create a complete line of Patterned Sapphire Substrates—PSS—up to 8” in diameter. We offer fully customizable sub-micron patterning capability with tight dimensional tolerances, within ± 0.1 μm. With an edge exclusion zone as small as 1 mm, Rubicon gives you more usable area to maximize the number of chips per wafer. 

 

Vertical Integration – Powder to Pattern
Rubicon Technology is the only sapphire manufacturer that is vertically integrated from the processing of raw aluminum oxide powder to the creation of highly customized patterned sapphire substrates.  Vertical integration has fostered the ability to grow progressively larger sapphire while maintaining exceptional sapphire quality, controlling cost, and excelling as the industry’s most reliable, consistent and innovative technology partner.



Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.




Patterned Sapphire Substrates
Rubicon Technology, Inc., the global leader inlarge-diameter sapphire substrates, has leveraged its unique expertise to create a complete line of Patterned Sapphire Substrates—PSS—up to 8” in diameter. We offer fully customizable sub-micron patterning capability with tight dimensional tolerances, within ± 0.1 μm. With an edge exclusion zone as small as 1 mm, Rubicon gives you more usable area to maximize the number of chips per wafer. 

 

Vertical Integration – Powder to Pattern
Rubicon Technology is the only sapphire manufacturer that is vertically integrated from the processing of raw aluminum oxide powder to the creation of highly customized patterned sapphire substrates.  Vertical integration has fostered the ability to grow progressively larger sapphire while maintaining exceptional sapphire quality, controlling cost, and excelling as the industry’s most reliable, consistent and innovative technology partner.



Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.




Patterned Sapphire Substrates
Rubicon Technology, Inc., the global leader inlarge-diameter sapphire substrates, has leveraged its unique expertise to create a complete line of Patterned Sapphire Substrates—PSS—up to 8” in diameter. We offer fully customizable sub-micron patterning capability with tight dimensional tolerances, within ± 0.1 μm. With an edge exclusion zone as small as 1 mm, Rubicon gives you more usable area to maximize the number of chips per wafer. 

 

Vertical Integration – Powder to Pattern
Rubicon Technology is the only sapphire manufacturer that is vertically integrated from the processing of raw aluminum oxide powder to the creation of highly customized patterned sapphire substrates.  Vertical integration has fostered the ability to grow progressively larger sapphire while maintaining exceptional sapphire quality, controlling cost, and excelling as the industry’s most reliable, consistent and innovative technology partner.



Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.




Patterned Sapphire Substrates
Rubicon Technology, Inc., the global leader inlarge-diameter sapphire substrates, has leveraged its unique expertise to create a complete line of Patterned Sapphire Substrates—PSS—up to 8” in diameter. We offer fully customizable sub-micron patterning capability with tight dimensional tolerances, within ± 0.1 μm. With an edge exclusion zone as small as 1 mm, Rubicon gives you more usable area to maximize the number of chips per wafer. 

 

Vertical Integration – Powder to Pattern
Rubicon Technology is the only sapphire manufacturer that is vertically integrated from the processing of raw aluminum oxide powder to the creation of highly customized patterned sapphire substrates.  Vertical integration has fostered the ability to grow progressively larger sapphire while maintaining exceptional sapphire quality, controlling cost, and excelling as the industry’s most reliable, consistent and innovative technology partner.



Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.




Patterned Sapphire Substrates
Rubicon Technology, Inc., the global leader inlarge-diameter sapphire substrates, has leveraged its unique expertise to create a complete line of Patterned Sapphire Substrates—PSS—up to 8” in diameter. We offer fully customizable sub-micron patterning capability with tight dimensional tolerances, within ± 0.1 μm. With an edge exclusion zone as small as 1 mm, Rubicon gives you more usable area to maximize the number of chips per wafer. 

 

Vertical Integration – Powder to Pattern
Rubicon Technology is the only sapphire manufacturer that is vertically integrated from the processing of raw aluminum oxide powder to the creation of highly customized patterned sapphire substrates.  Vertical integration has fostered the ability to grow progressively larger sapphire while maintaining exceptional sapphire quality, controlling cost, and excelling as the industry’s most reliable, consistent and innovative technology partner.



Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.




Patterned Sapphire Substrates
Rubicon Technology, Inc., the global leader inlarge-diameter sapphire substrates, has leveraged its unique expertise to create a complete line of Patterned Sapphire Substrates—PSS—up to 8” in diameter. We offer fully customizable sub-micron patterning capability with tight dimensional tolerances, within ± 0.1 μm. With an edge exclusion zone as small as 1 mm, Rubicon gives you more usable area to maximize the number of chips per wafer. 

 

Vertical Integration – Powder to Pattern
Rubicon Technology is the only sapphire manufacturer that is vertically integrated from the processing of raw aluminum oxide powder to the creation of highly customized patterned sapphire substrates.  Vertical integration has fostered the ability to grow progressively larger sapphire while maintaining exceptional sapphire quality, controlling cost, and excelling as the industry’s most reliable, consistent and innovative technology partner.



Rubicon is the world leader in sapphire crystal growth technology andlarge-diameter sapphire substrates.

With its unmatched, end-to-end ability to manufacture and deliver superior quality sapphire, Rubicon helps manufacturers in the LED, RFIC and optical industries achieve challenging targets for product performance, yield and total cost. As demand for larger diameter sapphire escalates, more manufacturers in dynamic, growing markets trust Rubicon and its proven ability to deliver high volumes of the highest quality substrates.



 










Search form

Search 





 



Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Employment
 



 





























Ruby Jacket Infrared Halogen Lamp 120V 300W, View halogen lamp 120V 300W, Liangdi Product Details from Jiangsu Liangdi Tech Corporation on Alibaba.com















































Alibaba.com





                            Sourcing Solutions
                            




                            Services & Membership
                            




                            Help & Community
                            

























































13
YRS


Jiangsu Liangdi Tech Corporation




Trade Assurance



China (Mainland)
|
Manufacturer, Trading Company


Transaction Level:









Supplier Assessments:









18 Transactions
                            


220,000+


                                The supplier’s transactions conduted via Alibaba.com in the past 6 months.
                            






Response Time



 <24h





Response Rate



 100%






Top 3 Markets:



Northern Europe



  
23.00%





Domestic Market



  
20.50%





Western Europe



  
10.00%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $257,000Learn More






















				        Assessed supplier has been assessed by
				        TÜV Rheinland,
						giving buyers in-depth details and authoritative information about suppliers for free, to help buyers source smarter and safer.
					













Add to My Favorites




































13
YR







The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $257,000Learn More











How do I set this?









Home


Product Categories


Company Profile

Company Overview
Industrial Certification
Company Capability
Business Performance



Why Infrared


Strategic Cooperation


Contacts








How do I set this?








Home
> Product Categories
> Infrared Heating Lamp







How do I set this?


























View larger image
        













Share to:







 


Add to My Cart






Add to My Favorites



		Added to My Favorites












Ruby Jacket Infrared Halogen Lamp 120V 300W                        



 Transactions


FOB Price:


US $1 - 60  / Piece                                                                    
|
Get Latest
                                        Price



Min.Order Quantity:
1000 Piece/Pieces


Supply Ability:
10000 Piece/Pieces per   Day


Port:
Shanghai


Payment Terms:
L/C,D/A,D/P,T/T










                            Contact Supplier
                        



Loading...
                        



Start Order


Place orders online to get full protection. close 

















You May Like

















How do I set this?

















Product Detail

Transaction History



Report Suspicious Activity





Quick Details


Place of Origin:
Jiangsu, China (Mainland)


Brand Name:
Liangdi


Model Number:
LHW


Halogen:
Infrared


certification:
CE,ROHS,REACH


heating length:
78mm~780m


voltage:
12V~575V


wattage:
50W~3000W


life:
8000hours




Packaging & Delivery


Packaging Details:
20PCS in an inner box,and total 100PCS in one export carton


Delivery Detail:
25 days after receiving the T/T slip or L/C





Specifications

                            1)ruby jacket infrared halogen Lamp 120V 300W
2)power from 50W to 3000W
3)voltage from 12V to 575V
4)instant heat                            

 Ruby Jacket Infrared Halogen Lamp 120V 300W  Certification  CE,RoHS,REACH   Specification1)Power from 50W to 3000W2)Voltage from 12V to 575V3)Length from 78mm to 1500mm4)Life Time 5000 hours5)CE, RoHS, REACH6)Factory ISO9001&ISO14001 PackageSTEP 1  STEP 2 STEP 3 Lamp Features- Clean, Safe heating- Direct heat - Environment Friendly- Easy to install and replace- No emissions or noise- No preheating means effevtive energy-efficient heating- 5000 hours life time- Horizontal or universal burning position ApplicationPaint drying in tunnels and body shopdBlowing of bottlesPlastics thermoformingHeating of food and keeping warmPaper drying in paper millsDrying of lacquer, printing inksPre-heating of wood prior to lacqueringHeat sterilizationSoftening, melting of plastics  Comfort HeatingRestaurantsLiving room&hotel roomCafe barsFactory workshopAnimals heatingFactory workshop  Benifit Of shot Infrared Heaters Infrared Lamp VS Gas Why Infrared ?      Benefis of short wave infrared radiation lamps compared with otherradiating elements                                                                                         -Efficinecy: 92% of the energy consumed is transformed into infrared radiation and hence into heat(table 1),Ablity to direct the radiation:As with light,it is not affected by air currents ,there is no loss of enery,and the heat is applied where it is neeeded.-Versatility:The power input can be adjusted between 0% and 100% without any effect on lifespan.-Cleanliness and Safety:No noise,dust or smoke.-Compactness :Optimal power density.IRA-short wave.IRB-medium wave.IRC-long wave. Why Short Wave ?Basially,the shorter the wave,the more easily it travels throught the air,Short wave infrared generates heat by heating the object it meets with,without heating the air around it ,Even effective and instand heat withou pre-heating.A good example for this mode of acton is the effect that occurs when a person walks out of the shade into the sunlight.Although the ambient temperate remains the same,they feel the temperate as considerably warmer under direct solar radiation. Tables 1 Comparing the different types of Radiators.    Short Wave Infrared Medium Wave Infrared Long Wave InfraredTypical SourceIR Halogen LampQuartz Heat SourceResistanceMaterialsTungsten filament welded in a quartz tubeFilament in compound of Fe-Cr-Al in a quarzt tube Filament in compound of Fe-Cr-Al In a steel tubeRadiant Efficiecny85%60%40%Swith-on/Swith-off times1 second30 seconds5mm  Our Company  Our Production Line   We are the leading company in producing all kinds of infrared heating lamps and infrared patio heaters with CE,GS,ETL&cETLus&ROHS certificate.As for our patio heater,golden lamp is used inside with lifetime 8000 hours and  waterproof is IP65 which effective means that they can be operated in any outdoor environment.and it is no UV.The heater is easily mounted on the wall,ceiling, ...   Please Contact Us For Further Information  







Transaction History of the Supplier

Below is the information about the supplier's transactions conducted via Alibaba.com. If you require further details regarding the transaction data, please contact the supplier directly.



            Transaction Overview
            




Transactions




Export Markets




No. of Transactions


Transaction Value













Transaction Details




This supplier has completedtransactions with buyers from .



Shipping Destination
Transaction Value

Transaction Date



















How do I set this?







Email to this supplier







How do I set this?








Related Keywords

halogen lamp 120v 300w
infrared halogen lamp
lamp 120v 300w







How do I set this?





 






Trade Assurance





13
YRS


Jiangsu Liangdi Tech Corporation




China (Mainland)
|
Manufacturer, Trading Company


Transaction Level:









Supplier Assessments:









18 Transactions
                            


220,000+


                                The supplier’s transactions conduted via Alibaba.com in the past 6 months.
                            






Response Time



<24h





Response Rate



100%






Top 3 Markets:



Northern Europe



23.00%





Domestic Market



20.50%





Western Europe



10.00%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $257,000Learn More








How do I set this?















How do I set this?







Product Showcase






How do I set this?





  



































How do I set this?






  





 






 





















