

















Ecoark: An Overview of How Technology Improves Transparency - ECOARK HOLDINGS, INC




 








ECOARK HOLDINGS, INCSearch this site












Home15 Things to Avoid In Restaurant Food Safety Regulations5 Ideas to Organize Your Own Food LogisticsEcoark Holdings, Inc. to Acquire 440labs, Cloud and Mobile Software Developer, to Support Zest Labs in Increasing Supply Chain EfficienciesEcoark Holdings, Inc. to Rebrand its Fresh Produce Subsidiary as Zest LabsEcoark: An Overview of How Technology Improves TransparencyMagnolia Solar Uses Nanotechnology to Improve the Efficiency of Solar Cells (AltEnergyMag)Produce Management Will Be a Thing Of The Past and Here's WhySimple Guidance for You in Food Safety PlanThe Supply Side: Trash can supplier to Walmart U.S. works to vertically integrate business modelWhy Is Everyone Talking About Temperature Monitoring System?Why Is Everyone Talking About Temperature Monitoring System?Sitemap



 



Ecoark: An Overview of How Technology Improves Transparency



Laws govern the way food reaches
consumers through the supply chain. From harvesting to retail, food has a
finite shelf life and each article must meet minimum standards of appearance
and freshness in addition to other parameters. Inefficiencies lead to delays
that result in waste of fresh produce. In the process suppliers may also resort
to practices to minimize their loss and hide facts. This is understandable when
one looks at losses of over $ 160 billion annually due to waste. 
Improving efficiencies and speeding up
processes could help in avoiding this lack of transparency. Food supply chains
rely on traditional methods of moving materials and tracking movements as well
as monitoring condition of produce. A simple switch to the latest food
safety management system is all it takes to ensure food is delivered
fresh and waste is avoided. Technology applied to harvesting helps reduce waste
and improve technology by tracking and prioritizing pallets waiting for the
pre-cooling process prior to shipment. Those in charge can take informed
decisions to match pallets to specific orders when they have information right
at their fingertips. Even during the cooling process the IT solution enables
quality checkers to track product temperatures during the process and notify
workers when it is complete. It does not stop there as transportation is
another roadblock. During this stage fresh produce can remain un-monitored but
not anymore when intelligent tracking systems are in place to ensure critical
monitoring and coordination. Remote visibility powered by technology allows
higher visibility of the product in various stages to help buyers or dealers
accept or reject a product even before it is shipped or before it reaches the
end point. Sellers can use technology to find other buyers and divert the
produce instead of having to discard it. 
Food safety
management systems even take care of visual
inspection of fresh produce to check freshness at all stages, not just at the
last stage. One way this can prove helpful, reduce waste and improve
transparency is that sellers can then route such products according to various
stages of freshness to nearest points of sale or consumption. 
Typically, logistics of fresh produce
movement starts with harvesting and the steps involve cut to cool, pre-cooling,
staging, shipping, transit, wholesale distribution and end point that may be
retail or hotel or food processing. An intelligent, well thought out and
implement software solution factors in all these stages and ensures greater
transparency for all those involved not only to be better informed but to
handle challenges peculiar to each stage. Waste that is currently in billions
of dollars could reduce to a fraction of the amount. Transparency powered by
software leads to greater collaboration and better coordination resulting in
reduced waste. Food is consumed, not discarded. 
The comprehensive solution covers all
aspects in a modular form including pallet level tracking, pre-cooling stage,
pallet routing, in-transit monitoring, freshness quality management and remote
visibility. A smartphone and internet connection is all it takes for everyone
to share and collaborate on best food produce handling techniques in an open,
transparent and meaningful way. 
Resources: http://ecoarkusa.blogspot.in/2016/11/ecoark-overview-of-how-technology.html
 



 



Comments
















Sign in|Recent Site Activity|Report Abuse|Print Page|Powered By Google Sites





















 





















Produce Management Will Be a Thing Of The Past and Here's Why - ECOARK HOLDINGS, INC




 








ECOARK HOLDINGS, INCSearch this site












Home15 Things to Avoid In Restaurant Food Safety Regulations5 Ideas to Organize Your Own Food LogisticsEcoark Holdings, Inc. to Acquire 440labs, Cloud and Mobile Software Developer, to Support Zest Labs in Increasing Supply Chain EfficienciesEcoark Holdings, Inc. to Rebrand its Fresh Produce Subsidiary as Zest LabsEcoark: An Overview of How Technology Improves TransparencyMagnolia Solar Uses Nanotechnology to Improve the Efficiency of Solar Cells (AltEnergyMag)Produce Management Will Be a Thing Of The Past and Here's WhySimple Guidance for You in Food Safety PlanThe Supply Side: Trash can supplier to Walmart U.S. works to vertically integrate business modelWhy Is Everyone Talking About Temperature Monitoring System?Why Is Everyone Talking About Temperature Monitoring System?Sitemap



 



Produce Management Will Be a Thing Of The Past and Here's Why



Product
management refers to the practices of management skills functioning in the
production. It is also term as, strategies practices, directing, organizing and
controlling the production process. Production management is recognizing as the
point of starting and ending where individual cannot isolate in an
establishment. Reason behind this is the connection among several functional
segments of trades, which are industrial, finance, marketing relation policies,
etc.Instead,
management of production is not based upon financial; personnel and marketing management;
because of whom it is much complicated to determine a sole particular produce
management definition. The advancement of industrial system of production is
the prime practice in production management. Awaiting the appearance of the
conception of industrializing, there is no information of management as
everyone is aware of.Connecting
to the prime application, the advancement of huge business involves several
proprietors and the essential to recruit individuals to manage the business. Linking
with the activities of many initiators of scientific management; it can be able
to exhibit the importance, with perception of profit and performance with their
advancing techniques. Despite of operating the business, the owners do not
consider themselves even as the managers of the company.They
enhance with unique concepts, and leads towards foodservice industry as the
premiere production acquisition organization presently. They supply global or
sectional foodservice customers that require an inclusive, nationalized,
continue program production. Their unique concepts has recognized as connection
with highly concerned shippers/developers who pursues better agricultural
applications to protect products quality that matches the specification of the
production required.Production management activities are:Goods
growth and devising to conclude the process of production for converting the
input aspects into yield of products and services.Guidance
and controlling of conversion process for proficient products and services
production.Acquisition
and arrangement of input resources such as material, management, equipment,
labor, land and capital.Due
to the advancement and extension of company’s production in design of
industries such as complications issues like lay out and location; quality
control, inventory control, scheduling and routing of the process of
production, etc. appears as the essential requirement with complete
investigation and research of the entire processes. It leads towards growth of
production management in the region of industrial management.Production functions are:Strategizing,
regulation and control.Manufacturing
and growth of production process.Supervision
and classification of the conducts of different gears and sectors liable for
yielding the essential products and services.Accomplishment
of strategy and connected functions to yield the required results.Although,
the liability of evaluating the production aspects and the allocation planning
is pursued by a company involving selling of products and pricing policies;
that are basically external of the extent of production management. It results
in the growth of production management in the section of industrial management.
During beginning, the major process of production management is to regulate man
power costs that get compose with the main ratio of costs of production.  Possibility
of production management is certainly varied. Beginning with the collection of
area, EcoArk
enhances the produce management to envelop several activities
like making infrastructures, installing and procuring machinery, purchase of
land, buying and gathering raw material and transforming them into marketable
goods.Resources:
http://ecoarkusa.blogspot.in/2016/12/produce-management-will-be-thing-of.html
 



 



Comments
















Sign in|Recent Site Activity|Report Abuse|Print Page|Powered By Google Sites





















 





Ecoark Holdings, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 11:16 AM ET
Software

Company Overview of Ecoark Holdings, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ecoark Holdings, Inc., a diversified holding company, engages in the development and deployment of business solutions and products to the retail, agriculture, and food service markets. Its portfolio of proprietary, patented technologies address the waste in operations, logistics, and supply chain. The company, through its subsidiary, Pioneer Products, LLC, recycles plastics from reclaimed retailers’ waste streams; remanufactures into new consumer products, such as plastic trash cans; and sells products in the retail market. Ecoark Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiary, Zest Labs, Inc., provides farmers, distributors, and grocers a freshness management solution focused on reducing food waste...
Ecoark Holdings, Inc., a diversified holding company, engages in the development and deployment of business solutions and products to the retail, agriculture, and food service markets. Its portfolio of proprietary, patented technologies address the waste in operations, logistics, and supply chain. The company, through its subsidiary, Pioneer Products, LLC, recycles plastics from reclaimed retailers’ waste streams; remanufactures into new consumer products, such as plastic trash cans; and sells products in the retail market. Ecoark Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiary, Zest Labs, Inc., provides farmers, distributors, and grocers a freshness management solution focused on reducing food waste. Its flagship product is Zest Fresh, which combines real-time prescriptive analytics with IoT product-level monitoring to enable proactive and intelligent decision-making at every step of the fresh food supply chain from field to shelf. The company, through its subsidiary, Magnolia Solar Inc., engages in the development, production, and sale of nanotechnology-based thin film solar cell modules. Ecoark Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Rogers, Arkansas.
Detailed Description


3333 South Pinnacle Hills ParkwaySuite220Rogers, AR 72758United StatesFounded in 2011117 Employees



Phone: 479-259-2977

ecoarkusa.com







Key Executives for Ecoark Holdings, Inc.




Mr. Peter Mehring


      	Director, CEO & President of Zest Labs
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $300.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Ecoark Holdings, Inc. Key Developments

Stephen Dacus Joins Ecoark as General Counsel
Jun 26 17
Ecoark announced that Stephen Dacus has joined the company as General Counsel. In this role, he will be responsible for overseeing the company’s legal affairs, acquisition structuring and legal diligence, and providing counsel to the board of directors, CEO and senior management. Stephen started his legal career as an associate in the Dallas, Texas office of the international law firm K&L Gates LLP. Immediately prior to joining Ecoark, Stephen was a partner at the national law firm Kutak Rock LLP in the firm’s Fayetteville, Arkansas office. Within his legal practice, Stephen focused on general civil and complex commercial litigation, representing diverse companies in varied industries in state, federal and appellate court litigation, and alternative dispute resolution proceedings.


Ecoark Holdings, Inc. - Shareholder/Analyst Call
May 1 17
Annual Meeting of Stockholders


Ecoark Holdings, Inc., Annual General Meeting, Jun 13, 2017
May 1 17
Ecoark Holdings, Inc., Annual General Meeting, Jun 13, 2017, at 10:00 Central Standard Time. Agenda: To elect the eight director nominees named in the accompanying proxy statement to serve until the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders and until successors are duly elected or until the earliest of their removal or resignation; to approve the company 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan; to approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of the company's named executive officers; to select in a non-binding advisory vote the frequency of future advisory votes to approve the compensation of the company's named executive officers; to ratify the appointment of KBL, LLP as the company's independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2018; and to transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States /blossom LLC United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      April 14, 2017
			    
Eco 3D



Private Placement

			      March 6, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      February 28, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ecoark Holdings, Inc., please visit ecoarkusa.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























 

Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (OTCQX: EARK) Jumps 14.78% After Naming New CEO To Its Pioneer Products Subsidiary - EmergingGrowth.com
















































































 


































 








Home
Emerging Growth News

Cannabis
Commodities
Entertainment & Retail
Food and Beverage
Med, Biotech & Pharma
Technology


Video
In Play
Caveat Emptor Status Changes
 


 








Search Emerging Growth









Symbol for Quotes & Data


















                Thursday, August 3, 2017
            

Contact Us / Subscribe




































EmergingGrowth.com









 















Home
Emerging Growth News

AllCannabisCommoditiesEntertainment & RetailFood and BeverageMed, Biotech & PharmaTechnology


 Emerging Growth News 

EmergingGrowth.com Daily Dozen – Winners vs. Losers 




 Cannabis 

Vitality Biopharma, Inc. (OTCQB: VBIO) Gains 13.33% After Closing $1 Million… 




 Med, Biotech & Pharma 

Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (OTCQB: PPCB) Rallies 24% After Company Prepares FDA… 




 Technology 

Alliance BioEnergy Plus, Inc. (OTCQB: ALLM) Declines 18.58% After Commenting On… 

 


Video




 Emerging Growth News 

How Jim Cramer used the stock market to pay for Harvard… 




 Technology 

Friendable (OTC Pink: FDBL) App Featured in Platinum Recording Artist Daya’s… 




 Technology 

Friendable’s (OTC Pink: FDBL) App Feature in Fifth Harmony / Fetty… 




 Technology 

Friendable’s (OTC Pink: FDBL) App Featured In Redfoo’s Virtual Reality Music Video… 




 Video 

President Ronald Reagan Speaks to the American People to Announce that… 

 


In Play




 Entertainment & Retail 

Halitron, Inc. (OTC Pink: HAON) Broadens its Target Acquisitions to Include… 




 Entertainment & Retail 

Flitways Technology, Inc. (OTC Pink: FTWS) The Perfect Acquisition Candidate for… 




 Entertainment & Retail 

FlitWays Technology, Inc. (OTC Pink: FTWS)  230% Increase in Sales… 




 Entertainment & Retail 

Friendable, Inc. (OTC Pink: FDBL), Just Got a Whole Lot Better 




 Commodities 

Premier Holding Corporation (OTCQB: PRHL) Board Member Woodrow W. Clark Re-Appointed… 

 


Caveat Emptor Status Changes




















- Or -








 




Home  Emerging Growth News  Entertainment & Retail  Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (OTCQX: EARK) Jumps 14.78% After Naming New CEO To...


Emerging Growth NewsEntertainment & Retail Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (OTCQX: EARK) Jumps 14.78% After Naming New CEO To Its Pioneer Products Subsidiary

July 14, 2017 










Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter



tweet 

Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (OTCQX: EARK) is engaged as a diversified holding company. Shares of the holding company are jumping 14.78%, through afternoon trading on Friday, July 14, 2017. Over the past month, Ecoark Holdings, Inc. saw average daily volume of 28,995 shares. However, volume of 131,675 shares or dollar volume of $521,433, has already exchanged hands on Friday.
Shares of Ecoark Holdings, Inc. are rallying today, after the company announced it has named Weston Geigle as the CEO of subsidiary, Pioneer Products. Geigle has experience at well-known retailers, such as Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT), Sam’s Club, Target, Inc. (NYSE: TGT), Bass Pro Shops, Dicks Sporting Goods, Inc. (NYSE: DKS), and more. Here is the full press release detailing of the new Pioneer Products CEO:
Ecoark Holdings, Inc. Press Release:
Pioneer Products, a subsidiary of Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (“Ecoark”) (OTCQX: EARK), today announced that Weston Geigle has joined the company as its new CEO. In this role, he will focus on growing efficiencies in Pioneer’s current business, as well as developing new business opportunities through both retail product acquisitions and strategic partnerships.
Weston has an established record of leadership and success in cultivating strong customer relationships, new business development and sustainable sales growth with major national retailers including Walmart, Sam’s Club, Target, Meijer, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Cabela’s and Bass Pro Shops, among many others. He is skilled at identifying trigger points within a business and analyzing data and trends to find business opportunities to deliver viable solutions that add value to strategic partners and retailers.
“This leadership change is another positive step for the future of Ecoark as we continue to hold our portfolio management teams accountable for delivering financial results. Weston’s experience working with a broad spectrum of brands – from private label to some of the strongest brands in their respective industries – uniquely qualifies him for the position of CEO at Pioneer Products,” said Jay Puchir, CEO of Ecoark. “He is entrepreneurial minded, customer focused, product driven and brand conscious. We are excited to have him join our team and are looking forward to him growing Pioneer’s business.”
Weston’s career has taken him around the world, giving him valuable insights into global sourcing, manufacturing, the direct import supply chain and product development. He began his career at Mahco Outdoors as an operations manager involved in the product development, sourcing and manufacturing of private label apparel and worked his way up to national account manager, where he was responsible for leading numerous national accounts, new business development and a team of sales representatives covering a broad scope of retailers. Most recently, Weston served as the national account manager for the Dallas Cowboys, where he was responsible for Walmart, Sam’s Club, Target and Meijer, among many other national retailers.
“I’m looking forward to executing on Pioneer Products’ vision of equipping and empowering entrepreneurs, companies and strategic partners to achieve their goals,” added Weston.
About Pioneer Products
As the initial acquisition in the Ecoark portfolio, Pioneer Products laid the foundation for Ecoark’s commitment to integrated technology and innovative product formulations. Pioneer Products began by creating new consumer products using plastic reclaimed from retailers’ waste streams. The company’s reclaimed 45-gallon garbage can has enjoyed years of consistent shelf placement in 3,600 Walmart stores in the continental U.S.
Building on a platform of proven retail success, Pioneer Products now leverages its solidified reputation and strategic network by acting as an account manager for other products and private labels that fit into its brand portfolio. For more information, visit http://pioneerproductsusa.com/.
About Ecoark Holdings, Inc.
Founded in 2011, Ecoark Holdings, Inc. is a diversified holding company focused on delivering long-term shareholder value. The company currently has five subsidiaries: Zest Labs, 440labs, Pioneer Products, Sable Polymer Solutions and Magnolia Solar. For more information, please visit www.ecoarkusa.com, and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.
Forward Looking Statement
This release contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning Pioneer Products’ ability to expand its capabilities and to grow through strategic partnerships and acquisitions; Pioneer Products’ ability to grow efficiencies in its current business and develop new business opportunities through retail product acquisitions and strategic partnerships; and statements concerning business and possible or assumed future results of operations of Ecoark Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons including: access to growth capital on favorable terms; adverse economic changes affecting markets we serve; competition in our markets and industry segments; our timing and the profitability of entering new markets; greater than expected costs, customer acceptance of our products or difficulties related to our integration of the businesses we may acquire; and other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and SEC filings. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made, and our future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements may not meet these expectations. We do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law.
Add a Comment to this Post comments







RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR




 Emerging Growth News 

EmergingGrowth.com Daily Dozen – Winners vs. Losers 

 



 Cannabis 

Vitality Biopharma, Inc. (OTCQB: VBIO) Gains 13.33% After Closing $1 Million Private Placement 

 



 Med, Biotech & Pharma 

Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (OTCQB: PPCB) Rallies 24% After Company Prepares FDA Orphan Drug Designation Application For Ovarian Cancer Treatment 

  




STAY CONNECTED102,389FansLike1,310FollowersFollow967FollowersFollow108SubscribersSubscribe 





MOST POPULAR




Luminar Media Group, Inc. (OTC Pink: LRGR) Gains 5% After Beginning... 
April 18, 2017 


 




Quest Management, Inc. (OTC Pink: QSMG) Jumps 20% After Announcing Acquisition... 
April 11, 2017 


 




Novus Acquisition & Development Corp. (OTC Pink: NDEV) Climbs 10.24% After... 
March 27, 2017 


 




Nutritional High International, Inc. (OTCQB: SPLIF) Jumps 27.92% After FLI Product... 
June 28, 2017 


 Load more  

 
 
 
 










EDITOR PICKS




EmergingGrowth.com Daily Dozen – Winners vs. Losers 
August 2, 2017 


 




Vitality Biopharma, Inc. (OTCQB: VBIO) Gains 13.33% After Closing $1 Million... 
August 2, 2017 


 




Propanc Biopharma, Inc. (OTCQB: PPCB) Rallies 24% After Company Prepares FDA... 
August 2, 2017 


   

POPULAR POSTS




The FUTURE is approaching faster than one can handle… 
January 10, 2017 


 




WorldFlix, Inc. (OTC Pink: WRFX) Making Children Safer and Smarter 
June 2, 2016 


 




Halitron Inc. (OTC Pink: HAON), a Look at an Equity Investment... 
May 31, 2016 


   

POPULAR CATEGORYTechnology359Commodities264Med, Biotech & Pharma218Emerging Growth News207Cannabis196Entertainment & Retail176Food and Beverage46Other News23In Play22  





ABOUT USEmergingGrowth.com is a leading independent small cap media portal with an extensive history of providing unparalleled content for the Emerging Growth markets and companies.Contact us: info@EmergingGrowth.comFOLLOW US
























 








Disclosure
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Contact Us / Subscribe
 

                    © Copyright 2016 - EmergingGrowth.com -- Images via Shutterstock                































Pioneer Products – Tech Driven Consumer Products































 







Pioneer Products
Home / Our History


 






Our History

 


			
			ABOUT US		




			
			OUR HISTORY		




			
			ECOARK		



Every year, 11.5 billion dollars of recyclable products are thrown into landfills. 70% of the recoverable material is plastic and is worth over 8 billion dollars.
A forward-thinking group of retail experts recognized that these plastics were a potential revenue stream that was being ignored.
Using innovative technology, Pioneer Products began recovering plastic waste from retail supply chains and creating new consumer products with the reclaimed material.
Pioneer was one of the first to successfully turn waste into new products for retail partners and has increased reclamation every year. Last year, Pioneer converted over 500,000 pounds of plastic into new consumer goods which are sold in retail stores across the United States.
Building on a decade of resounding success within our retail channels and fostered by the amazing retail connectivity offered by our location in Northwest Arkansas, Pioneer expanded into a sales services and marketing agency for other brands looking to solidify their presence on the shelves of retailers and in the minds of consumers.





 










 Keep up to date with the latest from Pioneer   >>  Follow Us   <<  



 
© Ecoark Holdings, Inc. 2016. All Rights Reserved.  Pioneer Products is an Ecoark company.
















Ecoark Holdings, Inc. Provides Sustainable Products to Largest Big Box RetailersHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 4 hrs 44 minsS&P 5002,473.75-3.82 (-0.15%)Dow 3022,028.35+12.11 (+0.06%)Nasdaq6,353.16-9.48 (-0.15%)Stocks to WatchFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessEcoark Holdings, Inc. Provides Sustainable Products to Largest Big Box RetailersMarketwiredOctober 20, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareROGERS, AR--(Marketwired - October 20, 2016) -  Ecoark Holdings, Inc. ("Ecoark") (EARK), a provider of a growing suite of proprietary technologies and services that drive sustainability and facilitate sustainable growth for a wide range of clients, today commented on its continued penetration of the recycled products industry.As highlighted in a recent feature article from Talk Business & Politics, Ecoark has continued to grow its share of the $8B plastics polymer business by creating a fully integrated end-to-end solution for the entire lifecycle of a product, from reclamation to development to sale. This vertically integrated approach, achieved through its wholly-owned subsidiary Pioneer Products LLC and the recently acquired Sable Polymer Solutions, allows Ecoark to control more of the manufacturing process, enabling the Company to sell its product to big box retailers with greater profit potential.The acquisition of Sable allows Pioneer to be aggressive with costs because it controls more of the supply chain. Sable also offers a non-commoditized resin product, sourced from a natural pellet material from a manufacturer in Puerto Rico that is sterile grade, allowing the Company to expand out of retail into verticals such as the automotive and healthcare industries and generate higher revenues with a greater expansion of profit margins."What we have created is a powerful, vertically integrated solution for recycling technologies available to the market today. Our proprietary process allows us to control manufacturing and costs, which results in higher profits and revenues," said Roshan Weerasinghe, COO, Pioneer Products. "As we continue to sell our products back in to big box retailers across the country, we are also expanding our research and development in order to expand on the range of products we can produce from these reclaimed materials. Our acquisition of Sable Polymer has made it possible for us to move outside of the retail application, and to continue expanding our presence in this growing market."Each year, $11.5B worth of recyclable products are thrown into landfills, 70% of which is recoverable plastic materials that are worth more than $8B. A study from 2015 reported that 66% of consumers were willing to pay more for sustainable brands and products, creating an enormous market opportunity for companies than can provide those types of products to retailers.About Ecoark Holdings Inc.Based in Rogers AR and founded in 2011, Ecoark Holdings, Inc. is a growth-oriented company based in the retail and logistics hub of Northwest Arkansas. Ecoark's portfolio of technology solutions increase operational visibility and improve organizational transparency for a wide range of corporate clients.Ecoark's technologies fight waste in Operations, Logistics, and Supply Chains across the evolving global economy. Ecoark's portfolio of companies and technologies work to integrate people, processes, and data in order to overcome ingrained operational hurdles and create new revenue streams.Ecoark's vision is to expose the cycles of waste that reduce efficiency and cost effectiveness across the business landscape. Ecoark's strategically acquired subsidiaries have anticipated and responded to key economic factors impacting every business today.Ecoark addresses these vital economic factors through four active subsidiaries, Intelleflex, Eco3d, Pioneer Products, and Magnolia Solar.For more information, please visit www.ecoark.com.Forward Looking Statement:This release contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning our business and possible or assumed future results of operations. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons including: our ability to continue as a going concern; adverse economic changes affecting markets we serve; competition in our markets and industry segments; our timing and the profitability of entering new markets; greater than expected costs, customer acceptance of our products or difficulties related to our integration of the businesses we may acquire; and other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and SEC filings. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made, and our future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements may not meet these expectations. We do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read Next63,000 people have canceled their Tesla Model 3 ordersBusiness InsiderStart Living The Millionaire LifestyleTorOptionSponsored'Don't put that guy in front of the cameras again': Fox News host unloads on Stephen Miller after altercation with CNN reporterBusiness Insider'That doesn't just happen!': Trump continues to boast about the stock marketYahoo FinanceMen and women differ on picking up the tabYahoo Finance VideoFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessYahoo FinanceElon Musk says people are canceling Tesla Model 3 orders because it's like a '1.5 hour wait for hamburgers' at a restaurantBusiness InsiderThe oldest Dow stock is also the biggest laggardCNBCThe one variable that best explains the retirement crisisYahoo FinanceWhy we’ll see more telco megadeals aheadYahoo Finance VideoStocks struggle after Dow 22k , Tesla soars on beatYahoo FinanceThese are the greatest fears that people have in the worldBusiness InsiderUnder Armour's business will get worse before it gets betterYahoo FinanceA British volunteer fighting ISIS in Syria reportedly killed himself to avoid being capturedBusiness InsiderTrump takes on legal immigrationYahoo Finance VideoHow to get one of the 50,000 jobs at AmazonYahoo FinanceTrump, frustrated by Afghan war, suggests firing U.S. commander: officialsPatriautism: Strong words from a five time draft dodger. Why not send your son, Donny?Join the Conversation1 / 56.8k





















Home - Ecoark








































































































 











 

TwitterFacebookLinkedin 


 







Join us at the Zest Labs 2017 Open House in San Jose on September 27th. Learn More


                                  small town values...Big Solutions           Freshness Management Solutions Zest provides farmers, distributors and grocers a freshness management solution focused on substantially reducing the 30% food waste currently burdening the post-harvest fresh food industry              Cloud and Mobile Software Developer 440 Labs is a software developer and solutions provider for cloud, mobile, and IoT applications.          Recycled Resin Pellet Supplier Sable Polymer Solutions collaborates to provide a sustainable closed loop in the retail market           Nanostructured Solar Cell Design Magnolia Solar utilizes patented nanotechnology to develop and produce low cost, high efficiency, thin film solar cell modules           Retail Sourcing & Supplier Pioneer was one of the first to successfully turn waste into new products for retail partners converted over 500,000 pounds of plastic into new consumer goods sold in national retail chains last year.                                     


  Ecoark Investor Presentation - See Here

“Over 30% of Post Harvest Food Is Thrown Away…”
Our Portfolio Brand Zest Fresh™ Improves Delivered Quality, Visibility, and Consumer Delight… 


 




                19 Jul                
                    2017                
 


Ecoark Announces Two Upcoming Corporate Events  





        First Quarter, Fiscal Year 2018 Operating Results Call to be held on August 10, 2017 Zest Labs to Host “Open House” on September 27, 2017    Rogers, AR – July 19, 2017 – Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (“Ecoark”) (OTCQX: EARK), a diversified holding company, today announced that it will host a business update and operating results call on Thursday, August 10, 2017, at 4:30 p.m. EDT. A webcast of the conference call will be available live on the Investor Relations section    

Read More  











 


 




 


 






                11 Jul                
                    2017                
 


Pioneer Products Names New CEO  





        Weston Geigle Joins Ecoark Subsidiary to Expand Capabilities and Grow the Company through Strategic Partnerships and Acquisitions Rogers, AR – July 11, 2017 – Pioneer Products, a subsidiary of Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (“Ecoark”) (OTCQX: EARK), today announced that Weston Geigle has joined the company as its new CEO. In this role, he will focus on growing efficiencies in Pioneer’s current business, as well as developing new business opportunities through both retail product acquisitions and strategic partnerships. Weston has an established    

Read More  











 


 




 


 






                02 Jul                
                    2017                
 


Ecoark Finding Talent It Needs  





        Two Execs Reshaping Holding Company By Robbie Neiswanger Published July 2, 2017 It didn’t take long for Jay Puchir and Charles Rateliff to realize they had a similar vision for Rogers-based Ecoark Holdings Inc. Puchir, the new chief executive officer, began laying out his plans and needed a chief financial officer. Rateliff, who was retired after a 25-year career at Wal-Mart Stores Inc., was a member of Ecoark’s board of directors but began considering a return to full-time work. “Charles    

Read More  











 


 




 


 






                30 Jun                
                    2017                
 


Measuring Produce Freshness: Part One–Ensuring Delivered Freshness  





        Bill McBeath Published on Jun 27, 2017 Freshness ‘blindness’ causes a lot of waste in produce supply chains. Here we explain the role of the Condition-based Expiration Date–a critical element to solving this problem. We look at what it takes to create a reliable and accurate algorithm that models deterioration of different varieties of produce exposed to different temperature histories. The Big Freshness Blind Spot The produce supply chain has a big problem—‘freshness blindness’ across the entire chain. Visual inspection    

Read More  











 


 




 


 






                26 Jun                
                    2017                
 


Stephen Dacus Joins Ecoark as General Counsel  





        Brings Strong Industry Experience to Company as it Prepares for Aggressive Growth Plan Rogers, AR – June 26, 2017 – Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (“Ecoark”) (OTCQX: EARK), a diversified holding company, today announced that Stephen Dacus has joined the company as General Counsel. In this role, he will be responsible for overseeing the company’s legal affairs, acquisition structuring and legal diligence, and providing counsel to the board of directors, CEO and senior management. “Bringing our legal counsel in-house is critical at    

Read More  











 


 




 


 

Load more  





















Quick LinksZest Labs Open House 2017
2017 Annual Meeting Audio
Investor Presentation
Investor FAQ’s
Reports & Filings
Board of Directors
2016 Annual Report

 Solutions to Fresh Food Waste in the Supply Chainwith Peter Mehring, CEOJune 2017
Part One(KCBS Radio)
https://www.ecoarkusa.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/SUN-FRESH-1-6-112-1.mp3
Part Two(KCBS Radio)https://www.ecoarkusa.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/SUN-FRESH-2-6-111.mp3 
   

Ecoark Holdings Corporate Headquarters
3333 S. Pinnacle Hills Parkway, Suite 220
Rogers, AR  72758
479-259-2977
info@ecoarkusa.com

Public Relations Keith Watson
fama PR, Inc.
250 Northern Ave, Suite 300
Boston, MA 02210
617-986-5001
ecoark@famapr.com

Investor Relations John Mills,
Managing Partner
ICR, INC.
D 646-277-1254
685 Third Ave 2nd Floor,
New York, NY 10017
www.icrinc.com
John.Mills@icrinc.com

PagesHome
About Us
Companies
Leadership
Board of Directors
Investors
Contact Us
Follow Us

 





















 






























Scroll to top
















Companies - Ecoark




















































































































 

TwitterFacebookLinkedin 


 







Portfolio Companies


Powered by Intelleflex Wireless XC3 Technology

ZEST LABS
Zest Labs provides farmers, distributors and grocers a freshness management solution focused on substantially reducing the 30% food waste currently burdening the post-harvest fresh food industry. Its flagship product, Zest Fresh, provides farmers, distributors and grocers a freshness management solution focused on substantially reducing the 30% food waste currently burdening the post-harvest fresh food industry.
Zest Fresh combines real-time prescriptive analytics with IoT product-level monitoring to enable proactive and intelligent decision-making at every step of the fresh food supply chain – from field to shelf. This advanced pallet-level intelligence ensures delivery of minimum required freshness, consistent high quality, and reduced waste for retailers, restaurants and consumers.

Learn More


440 LABS
440Labs is a software developer and solutions provider for cloud, mobile, and IoT applications. 440Labs has been a valued ZEST LABS development partner since 2012, contributing expertise in scalable enterprise cloud solutions, mobile applications, and DevOps. 
The 440Labs engineering team augments Zest Labs development of modern, enterprise scale solutions that robustly connect to distributed IoT deployments.

Learn More


SABLE POLYMER SOLUTIONS
Sable is a compounder of recycled plastic which includes securing materials, grinding plastic waste, densification of materials, material testing (lab work), and the extrusion process.
Pioneer Products and Sable Polymer Solutions collaborate to provide a sustainable closed loop in the retail market by recycling plastics from reclaimed national retailers’ waste streams and remanufacturing into new consumer products.

Learn More

PIONEER PRODUCTS
Pioneer was one of the first to successfully turn waste into new products for retail partners converted over 500,000 pounds of plastic into new consumer goods sold in national retail chains last year.
The Pioneer reclaimed 45-gallon garbage has consistent shelf placement in 3,600 Walmart stores in the continental U.S. Leveraging a solidified reputation and strategic network, Pioneer is a broker for other products and private labels that fit into the brand portfolio.

Learn More

Patented Thin Film Solar Cell Modules
MAGNOLIA SOLAR
Magnolia Solar utilizes patented nanotechnology to develop and produce low cost, high efficiency, thin film solar cell modules to address the growing demand for sustainable and socially responsible products that fit a model for low cost, high efficiency solar energy options.
The application of proprietary nano/micro technologies provides the lowest cost/watt solar technology. The company engages in R & D, product development, manufacturing strategy and new generation products in the solar cell industry, as solar energy has proven to be both energy and cost efficient.

Learn More
   

Ecoark Holdings Corporate Headquarters
3333 S. Pinnacle Hills Parkway, Suite 220
Rogers, AR  72758
479-259-2977
info@ecoarkusa.com

Public Relations Keith Watson
fama PR, Inc.
250 Northern Ave, Suite 300
Boston, MA 02210
617-986-5001
ecoark@famapr.com

Investor Relations John Mills,
Managing Partner
ICR, INC.
D 646-277-1254
685 Third Ave 2nd Floor,
New York, NY 10017
www.icrinc.com
John.Mills@icrinc.com

PagesHome
About Us
Companies
Leadership
Board of Directors
Investors
Contact Us
Follow Us

 





















 























Scroll to top



