 




Envestnet  Inc Company Profile – SWOT Analysis Report : DecisionDatabases.com





































 Email: [email protected]













































Toggle navigation



 






Home


Categories


Blog


About Us


Contact Us



 














  
 












 Home 


Company Profiles 















 


Envestnet  Inc - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report


ID:PD003503
February 2016
Value Market Research





Single User License: $ 125.00        
                                                                        Multi User License: $ 250.00        
                                                                    



Buy Now Download Sample Ask Questions 





Description
Table Of Content




                                        The professional and profound study of Envestnet  Inc provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial details and competitive assessment of the company. On the competitive edge, this report evaluates the strategies adopted by the company. This profile is of significant use to the Management Consultants, Industry Analysts, Market Research Organizations, Investors, Corporate Advisors and other consultants.
 
FEATURES:

Detailed information on Envestnet  Inc required for business and competitor intelligence needs
In-depth study of the factors influencing Envestnet  Inc as SWOT Analysis
Detailed analysis of the business model of Envestnet  Inc comprising of breakdowns and examinations of the key business segments
Track on strategic business developments of Envestnet  Inc
News and Press Releases about Envestnet  Inc, such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract wins
Easy to understand statistical charts & graphs showing key trends and data

 
HIGHLIGHTS:

Envestnet  Inc - Strategy and SWOT Report offers a comprehensive analysis of the corporate growth activities of the organization in order to sustain its competitive advantage. It delivers a detailed strategic analysis of the company's business, examining its performance in the market over a period of time. The data in this report is derived from in-house databases, company websites, company annual reports and several paid sources.
 
The profile covers facts and statistics specifying summary of the Envestnet  Inc, key facts & figures, key employees details, company history, locations and subsidiaries, business description, products & services offered and SWOT analysis of the company. Owing to this information, competitive positioning of the company can be understood.
 
The Envestnet  Inc company profile evaluates the business of the company through SWOT analysis. It offers intense outlook on the strengths of the company which lead to avail potential market opportunities for the business. The report is beneficial to comprehend the weaknesses that will aid to overcome critical issues affecting the business. This will aid to understand the company’s strategies towards business development and superintending market challenges. The profile helps to formulate strategies that augment client’s business by enabling them to understand their partners, customers and competitors better.
 
This company profile offers a detailed insight into the financial position of the firm, while in-depth qualitative analysis will help client understand Envestnet  Inc strategy and growth prospects. The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company are delivered. In addition, it includes the most recent financials of the company and also compares the historical sales & income figures with the current and projected figures. This profile accentuates on the financial performance, stock data and corporate information.
 
The Envestnet  Inc company profile includes exhaustive study on company’s corporate activities covering the financial deals. It reviews the top deals, mergers and acquisitions, capital raising strategies, partnership and divestment transactions undertaken by Envestnet  Inc. However, these corporate activities delineate the smooth working and financially health of the company.
 
The profile evaluates the substantial developments that have taken place in the company. The profile emphasizes on the growth strategy of Envestnet  Inc in accordance with their multiple business segments. This profile examines recent performances, activities and strategies of Envestnet  Inc, and assesses the same for the possible future directions. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals categorized into deal types and its description. It offers critical news analysis of the company’s operations. Recent developments examine the strategic initiatives adopted by the company to undertake growth in the industry. These business strategic initiatives comprise of partnerships/collaborations/agreements, mergers & acquisitions, new product launches and other developments.
 
The report is a compilation of important statistics and facts that brings out a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s strategical and financial welfare. The representation of this information is eased with tables and figures that are valued source of guidance and direction for clients interested in the Envestnet  Inc company profile.
 
Envestnet  Inc – Strategy and SWOT Report Evaluates:

Corporate and Business Strategies
SWOT Analysis
Financial Filing
Top Deals and Recent Developments

 
REASONS TO PURCHASE: 

Gain understanding of Envestnet  Inc and the factors that influence its strategies
Latest corporate news and strategic initiatives of the company
Assess Envestnet  Inc as a potential collaborator and supplier
Support sales activities by understanding your customer’s businesses better
Stay up to date on the business structure of Envestnet  Inc, its strategy and prospects
Formulate functions such as planning, strategy, marketing, sales and competitive assessment for Envestnet  Inc 

 
* Depending on the availability of the data, Table of Contents may change in the final product
* Report Delivery will be done in 24 - 48 hrs once the purchase is finalized
                                     
                                


























1.  Envestnet  Inc- Overview
1.1.  Envestnet  Inc- Company Summary
1.2.  Envestnet  Inc- Key Facts
1.3.  Envestnet  Inc- Business Description
1.4.  Envestnet  Inc- Key Employees
1.4.1.   Envestnet  Inc- Key Employee Biographies
1.5.  Envestnet  Inc- Major Products And Services
1.6.  Envestnet  Inc- History
1.7.  Envestnet  Inc- Locations And Subsidiaries

2.  Envestnet  Inc- Analysis
2.1.  Envestnet  Inc- Business Summary
2.2.  Envestnet  Inc- Corporate Strategy
2.3.  Envestnet  Inc- SWOT Analysis
2.3.1.  Envestnet  Inc- Strength
2.3.2.   Envestnet  Inc- Weakness
2.3.3.   Envestnet  Inc- Opportunities
2.3.4.   Envestnet  Inc- Threats
2.4.  Envestnet  Inc- Key Competitors

3.  Envestnet  Inc- Investors Relations
3.1.  Envestnet  Inc- Financials And Filing
3.1.1.   Envestnet  Inc- Financial Ratios And Statistics
3.1.1.1.  Envestnet  Inc- Relative Valuations
3.1.1.2.  Envestnet  Inc- Financial Strength
3.1.1.3.  Envestnet  Inc- Profitability
3.1.1.4.  Envestnet  Inc- Effectiveness
3.1.1.5.  Envestnet  Inc- Efficiency
3.2.  Envestnet  Inc- Financial Performance

4.  Envestnet  Inc Corporate Activity- Financial Deals
4.1.  Envestnet  Inc- Financial Deals Overview
4.2.  Envestnet  Inc- Partners
4.3.  Envestnet  Inc- Advisors
4.4.  Envestnet  Inc- Top Deals
4.5.  Envestnet  Inc- Mergers And Acquisitions
4.6.  Envestnet  Inc- Capital Raising

5.  Envestnet  Inc- Recent Developments
5.1.  Envestnet  Inc- Recent Developments Overview
5.1.1.   Envestnet  Inc- Partnerships/Collaboration/Agreements
5.1.2.   Envestnet  Inc- Merger And Acquisitions
5.1.3.   Envestnet  Inc- New Product Launch
5.1.4.   Envestnet  Inc- Other Developments

6. Appendix
6.1. Contact Us
6.2. Methodology

 Envestnet  Inc- List of Table

 Envestnet  Inc- Key Facts
 Envestnet  Inc- Board Of Directors
 Envestnet  Inc- Key Executives Of The Company
 Envestnet  Inc- Major Products And Services
 Envestnet  Inc- Key Competitors
 Envestnet  Inc- Financial Summary
 Envestnet  Inc- Relative Valuations
 Envestnet  Inc- Financial Strength
 Envestnet  Inc- Profitability
 Envestnet  Inc- Effectiveness
 Envestnet  Inc- Efficiency
 Envestnet  Inc- Top Deals
 Envestnet  Inc- Partnerships/Collaboration/Agreements
 Envestnet  Inc- Merger And Acquisitions
 Envestnet  Inc- New Product Launch
 Envestnet  Inc- Other Developments

 Envestnet  Inc- List of Figures

 Envestnet  Inc- SWOT Analysis Of The Company
 Envestnet  Inc- Ratio Charts
 Envestnet  Inc- Performance Chart
 Envestnet  Inc- Capital Raising By Deal Type
 Envestnet  Inc- Recent Developments

* Depending on the availability of the data, Table of Contents may change in the final product
* Report Delivery will be done in 24 - 48 hrs once the purchase is finalized
                                         





Related Categories

                                        Company Profiles                                    
























Get Custom Research at price of Syndicate 


Related Reports
 Honeywell International Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Honeywell International Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization  read more..

 Caterpillar Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Caterpillar Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Unilever - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Unilever provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 HCL Technologies - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of HCL Technologies provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Siemens AG - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Siemens AG provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 Boeing Company - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Boeing Company provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 Johnson & Johnson - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Johnson & Johnson provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Intel Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Intel Corporation provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Facebook Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Facebook Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 McDonald's Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of McDonald's Corporation provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..




 













 









Home | Envestnet
























Skip to main content










Home





  
  
 A Better Way to Manage Wealth
The tools, products, and expertise that empower you to conquer complexity and drive success.
How We Can Help You 



  
  
 Developing the Roadmap
Advanced research, integrated analytics, and expert advisory support to help build winning portfolios and recommendations.
Learn More About Our Planning Tools 



  
  
 Extensive Investment Access
Broad access to more than 15,000 products, hundreds of SMA managers, and our elite network of strategists.
Check Out Our Portfolio Solutions And Services 



  
  
 Executing and
Managing Your Strategy
Automatic monitoring, efficient rebalancing, and archivable
action plans that help meet compliance standards.
Streamline Portfolio Management 



  
  
 Ongoing Monitoring
and Comprehensive Reporting
Create customized, branded, and easy-to-read reports that can incorporate data from hundreds of sources.
Leverage Robust Reporting Capabilities 








    Next  





    Next  





    Next  





    Next  





    Next  








  
 Envestnet 
  @ENVintel 
 New survey: How and why are advisors using fund strategist portfolios (FSPs) in their practice? https://t.co/soqyp9Ha6Z 
 1 day 19 hours ago  




The Fiduciary Rule is Here
Learn more about the fiduciary rule and other market forces challenging your business growth.
Seize the Fiduciary Opportunity







ENV Profile | Envestnet, Inc Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 4 hrs 43 minsS&P 5002,473.82-3.75 (-0.15%)Dow 3022,027.69+11.45 (+0.05%)Nasdaq6,353.42-9.22 (-0.14%)Stocks to WatchFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessEnvestnet, Inc. (ENV)NYSE - Nasdaq Real Time Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist38.50-0.20 (-0.52%)As of  11:16AM EDT. Market open.People also watchFNGNEPAMWAGEEXAMFLTSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsEnvestnet, Inc.35 East Wacker DriveSuite 2400Chicago, IL 60601United States312-827-2800http://www.envestnet.comSector: ServicesIndustry: Business ServicesFull Time Employees: 3,197Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Judson Taft BergmanFounder, Chairman and Chief Exec. Officer1.07M5M60Mr. Anil  AroraVice Chairman and Chief Exec. of Envestnet | Yodlee820.84kN/A56Mr. William C. CragerPres811.52k2.01M53Mr. Peter H. D'Arrigo CFAChief Financial Officer634.96k168.95k49Mr. Scott David GrinisChief Technology Officer530.45k379.73k55Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionEnvestnet, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides financial and wealth management software and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through Envestnet and Envestnet | Yodlee business segments. The companys product and services suites include Envestnet | Enterprise, which provides an end-to-end open architecture wealth management platform, and sells data aggregation and reporting, data analytics, and digital advice capabilities; Envestnet | Tamarac that provides a portfolio of accounting, rebalancing, trading, performance reporting, and client relationship management software, primarily to high-end registered investment advisers; Envestnet | Retirement Solutions (ERS), which offers a suite of services for advisor-sold retirement plans; and Envestnet | PMC (Portfolio Management Consultants) that provides research due diligence and consulting services to assist advisors in creating investment solutions for their clients, and patented portfolio overlay and tax optimization services. The company also provides Envestnet | Yodlee data aggregation and data analytics platform, which offers cloud-based innovation for digital financial services. Envestnet, Inc. serves banks, wealth management and brokerage firms, Internet services companies, and other financial institutions. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.Corporate GovernanceEnvestnet, Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of August 1, 2017 is 9. The pillar scores are Audit: 10; Board: 5; Shareholder Rights: 8; Compensation: 9.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)







Envestnet, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 11:17 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Envestnet, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Envestnet, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides financial and wealth management software and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through Envestnet and Envestnet | Yodlee business segments. The company’s product and services suites include Envestnet | Enterprise, which provides an end-to-end open architecture wealth management platform, and sells data aggregation and reporting, data analytics, and digital advice capabilities; Envestnet | Tamarac that provides a portfolio of accounting, rebalancing, trading, performance reporting, and client relationship management software, primarily to high-end registered investment advisers; Envestnet | Retirement Soluti...
Envestnet, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides financial and wealth management software and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through Envestnet and Envestnet | Yodlee business segments. The company’s product and services suites include Envestnet | Enterprise, which provides an end-to-end open architecture wealth management platform, and sells data aggregation and reporting, data analytics, and digital advice capabilities; Envestnet | Tamarac that provides a portfolio of accounting, rebalancing, trading, performance reporting, and client relationship management software, primarily to high-end registered investment advisers; Envestnet | Retirement Solutions (ERS), which offers a suite of services for advisor-sold retirement plans; and Envestnet | PMC (Portfolio Management Consultants) that provides research due diligence and consulting services to assist advisors in creating investment solutions for their clients, and patented portfolio overlay and tax optimization services. The company also provides Envestnet | Yodlee data aggregation and data analytics platform, which offers cloud-based innovation for digital financial services. Envestnet, Inc. serves banks, wealth management and brokerage firms, Internet services companies, and other financial institutions. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
Detailed Description


35 East Wacker DriveSuite 2400Chicago, IL 60601United StatesFounded in 19993,197 Employees



Phone: 312-827-2800

Fax: 312-827-2801

www.envestnet.com







Key Executives for Envestnet, Inc.




Mr. Judson Taft Bergman


      	Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 60
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.0M








Mr. William C. Crager


      	President
      


Age: 53
        

Total Annual Compensation: $615.0K








Mr. Peter H. D'Arrigo CFA


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 49
        

Total Annual Compensation: $620.0K








Mr. Joshua David Mayer


      	Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 43
        

Total Annual Compensation: $407.0K








Mr. Anil Arora


      	Vice Chairman and Chief Executive of Envestnet | Yodlee
      


Age: 56
        

Total Annual Compensation: $806.5K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Envestnet, Inc. Key Developments

First Citizens Wealth Management Selects Envestnet for Integrated Intelligent Platform
Jul 20 17
First Citizens Wealth Management announced that it has implemented an integrated platform by Envestnet, providing a more unified experience for financial advisors and enhanced client service. Envestnet’s platform provides First Citizens financial advisors, across all Wealth Management business lines, comprehensive access to powerful technologies and services enabling them to deliver client investment strategy and offerings from multiple proprietary and third-party strategies. Envestnet platform capabilities encompass proposal generation risk profiling, account onboarding, portfolio management, administrative workflow, client reporting and billing, compliance, and business management oversight tools.


Envestnet, Inc. Presents at In|Vest 2017, Jul-11-2017 02:50 PM
Jul 8 17
Envestnet, Inc. Presents at In|Vest 2017, Jul-11-2017 02:50 PM. Venue: New York Marriott Marquis, 1535 Broadway, New York 10036, New York, United States. Speakers: William C. Crager, President.


Envestnet | Yodlee Unveils Personal Financial Wellness Solution Powered by Data Intelligence
Jun 12 17
Envestnet | Yodlee announced the launch of its Personal Financial Wellness Solution at the Digital Banking Summit. The Envestnet | Yodlee Personal Financial Wellness is a suite of applications and APIs that leverages enriched data and artificial intelligence to move beyond organizing historical financial data, helping financial institutions and fintech developers provide actionable, financial guidance to their customers across a spectrum of devices, user interfaces and platforms. The Envestnet | Yodlee Personal Financial Wellness enables financial institutions and fintech developers to provide actionable tools to help consumers identify their projected OK to Spend balance and easily Save for a Goal. By applying Envestnet Yodlee's advanced data intelligence to its enriched transaction data of over 15,000 data sources, financial service providers can derive actionable information from consumers' financial data in order to measure, guide and improve consumers' financial health.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Envestnet, Inc., please visit www.envestnet.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


































Our History | Envestnet


























Skip to main content











You are hereHome | Who is Envestnet | Our History



Our History





  
  
                Our History        


	Envestnet is one of the largest providers of wealth management solutions to independent financial advisors today. See how we've grown since our beginnings in 1999.






 2016 
 Powering the Future of Advice 
Envestnet introduces a customizable smart client portal that can aggregate personal finances with investment accounts, all white-labeled for the advisor. Through our unified technology, end-clients can leverage a set of online tools that give them greater insight and control to chart their expenses and income, monitor cash flow, and determine net worth—all while providing a holistic view of their wealth. Our client portal is designed to make it easy for advisors to connect with clients during different stages of their financial life.
Also this year, Envestnet acquired Wheelhouse Analytics LLC, a technology company that provides data analytics, mobile sales solutions, and online education tools to financial advisors, asset managers, and enterprises. By combining Wheelhouse Analytics' tools with Yodlee’s industry-leading data and analytics solutions, Envestnet strengthens its data-driven insights that enable firms to better manage their businesses and client relationships and deliver better outcomes to their clients.
As of December 31, 2016, the Company has grown to serve more than 2000 enterprises in more than 15 countries, empower over 54,000 advisors, and surpassed $1 trillion in total platform assets.
  

 2015 
 Crossing the digital divide 
Envestnet announces the acquisition of Yodlee, Inc., the leading cloud-based platform for data aggregation, data analytics, and personal financial and wealth management. The acquisition enables investors and the advisors who serve them to access and make better sense out of their disparate and complicated financial picture. Combining Yodlee’s data aggregation and analytics expertise with Envestnet’s end-to-end unified wealth management platform will empower advisors to cross the digital divide and provide broader visibility into their clients’ financial well-being.
Also, this year, Envestnet acquired Finance Logix, a technology company that provides leading-edge financial planning and wealth management software solutions to banks, broker-dealers, and RIA firms, and Upside, a technology company providing digital advice solutions to financial advisors. Both firms enable Envestnet to further deliver technology innovation that will increase the relevance of the financial advisor.
  

 2014 
 Welcome Placemark 
Envestnet announces the acquisition of Placemark Holdings, Inc., a leading developer of Unified Managed Accounts (UMA) programs for banks, full-service broker-dealers, and RIA firms. The acquisition delivers immediate access to Envestnet’s full suite of wealth management services including advisor-driven portfolio management, rebalancing, and aggregated reporting solutions to existing Placemark clients. Conversely, Placemark’s portfolio overlay and tax optimization technologies will complement Envestnet | PMC’s product offerings.
As of October 1, 2014, the firm has grown to serve more than $683B in total platform assets—nearly double the assets since September 30, 2012—and nearly 2.8 million investor accounts. With the addition of Placemark, Envestnet has grown to more than 1,200 employees worldwide.
Additionally, Envestnet is recognized for several industry awards including Outsourcing Solution of the Year by the Family Wealth Report and Advisory Solutions Service Provider of the Year by Money Management Institute.  Visit our Awards page for a full list of firm accolades.                
  

 2013 
 Enhanced Technology and Innovation 
Envestnet introduces the next generation of its platform, ENV 2 that features an enhanced advisor console with access to macro risk analytical tools via a fully mobile end-to-end wealth management platform. In addition, the firm unveils Envestnet Intelligence, a groundbreaking platform enhancement set to provide our advisor-partners with the ability to benchmark their practice. The solution aims to deliver critical market insights, intelligence, and reporting—spanning all of an investor’s accounts—that enable more responsive and customized portfolio design, implementation, and communication.
An innovative new investment offering, Quantitative Portfolios, was also launched by Envestnet | PMC®. This new solution enables advisors to combine the benefits of low cost market access, similar to an exchange-traded fund, with the benefits of separately managed accounts, including active tax management and portfolio customization.
Additionally, Envestnet acquires the Wealth Management Solutions (WMS) division of Prudential Investments, a leading provider of wealth management products and services to banks and bank trust departments.
  

 2012 
 Welcome Prima and Tamarac 
Envestnet announces the acquisition of Prima Capital Holdings, Inc., a provider of investment manager due diligence, research applications, asset allocation modeling, and multi-manager portfolios to the wealth management and retirement industries, as well as the acquisition of Tamarac Inc., a provider of sophisticated portfolio management technology that enables registered investment advisers (RIAs) to efficiently deliver customized individual account management.
As one of the largest prevailing providers of technology-enabled wealth management solutions, the firm has grown to serve more than $316B in total platform assets and more than 1.5 million investor accounts as of June 30, 2012. With the addition of Prima and Tamarac, Envestnet now has more than 650 employees worldwide.
Additionally, in April, CEO Jud Bergman is named one of the "Top 25 Most Influential People in the Investment Advisory Business" by Investment Advisor magazine.
In May, Envestnet revitalizes its national conference—the Envestnet Advisor Summit—to an enthusiastic audience of nearly 600 attendees.
  

 2011 
 Introducing Vantage™ Reporting Solutions 
Envestnet introduces Vantage Reporting Solutions, the firm's premium aggregated performance reporting service, which enables advisors to attain a clear perspective on clients' entire financial landscape. Two key partnerships are established with ByAllAccounts Inc., a leader in data aggregation services, and DST Systems, Inc., a provider of sophisticated information processing and computer software.
Additionally, Envestnet continues to be recognized as a leader in the industry. Lori Hardwick, the firm's Executive Vice President of Advisory Services, is named one of the "Top 50 Women in Wealth" by AdvisorOne, a leading online media destination for independent advisors, wealth managers, and financial planners. And, the firm is highlighted on the cover of Investment Advisor magazine in June as "Agents of Change."
In December, Envestnet acquires FundQuest Inc., BNP Paribas' U.S. provider of fee-based managed services and solutions. The firm grows to more than 928,000 investor accounts with more than $139B in total platform assets.
 
 
  

 2010 
 The Fiduciary Opportunity and Envestnet Goes Public 
Envestnet responds to growing concerns about trust in the financial industry and creates thought leadership around advisors' fiduciary responsibility. The firm unveils "Fiduciary Oversight Notes," a platform tool that offers the ability to document decision-making on behalf of clients. Outreach regarding the "Fiduciary Opportunity" garners Envestnet significant attention and a cover story in Financial Planning magazine.
Additionally, the firm introduces a Unified Managed Household (UMH) offering, which empowers advisors to analyze and report on all of a client's assets, including those not managed by the advisor.
On July 29, Envestnet goes public, trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ENV. The firm grows to more than $139B in total platform assets and more than 910,000 investor accounts. More than 21,500 advisors now work with Envestnet.
  

 2009 
 Adding Depth to Investing Solutions 
Envestnet introduces three new investing solutions: an enhanced version of the UMA that enable a higher degree of customization capabilities; PlanHorizon, a time-segmented distribution retirement program; and data aggregation services that offer technology integration of various assets and enhanced reporting.
Additionally, Envestnet|PMC introduces PMC Tax Management Services, a tax solution that can be used to unlock frozen assets and the Ultra-Short Fixed Income Portfolios, an attractive alternative to prevailing low money market fund yields.
The firm grows to more than 400 employees with more than $89B in total platform assets and more than 685,000 investor accounts. By year-end, more than 900 firms have service contracts with Envestnet.
  

 2008 
 Introducing the First SRI Platform in the Industry 
Envestnet introduces the first Socially Responsible Investing (SRI) platform in the industry—The Sustainability Platform™—which gives financial advisors overlay capabilities to filter out inappropriate stocks from portfolios and choose from a selection of SRI products managed by pioneers in sustainable investing.
Additionally, Envestnet|PMC introduces the PMC Tactical ETF Portfolio Series—new diversified risk-based portfolios with a risk tolerance ranging the efficient frontier, along with a Sector Rotation Portfolio and a Country Rotation Portfolio.
By year-end, more than 760 firms have service contracts with Envestnet.
  

 2007 
 Introducing PMC Select Portfolios 
Envestnet|PMC introduces PMC Funds, which include equity and fixed income funds, all managed by accomplished institutional investment managers. Different combinations of the funds are invested in new asset-allocated wrap portfolios known as the PMC Select Portfolios.
Additionally, Envestnet signs a service agreement with another major independent broker-dealer to deliver service, support, and technology to 1,500 financial advisors nationwide.
The firm grows to more than $82B in total platform assets and more than 598,000 investor accounts. By year-end, more than 550 firms have service contracts with Envestnet.
  

 2006 
 Innovations in Portfolio Solutions 
Envestnet introduces a Unified Managed Account (UMA), one of the first in the industry, and new portfolio solution called Manager Blends to complement the managed account solution. The firm grows to more than 300 employees with more than $53B in total platform assets and more than 400,000 investor accounts. By year-end, more than 420 firms have service contracts with Envestnet.
  

 2005 
 Delivering Timely Investment Strategies 
Envestnet's portfolio consulting group, Envestnet|PMC, introduces new portfolio strategies designed to track the performance of hedge fund indices and to perform independently of stocks and bonds.
The firm grows to more than $26B in total platform assets with more than 239,000 investor accounts. By year-end, more than 290 firms have service contracts with Envestnet.
  

 2004 
 New Acquisitions and Enhanced Platform Capabilities 
Envestnet acquires Oberon Financial Technology and NetAssetManagement, two innovators in financial software solutions. The acquisition adds enhanced platform capabilities and offices in Sunnyvale and Trivandrum.
The firm grows to more than $15B in total platform assets with more than 150,000 investor accounts.
  

 2003 
 Delivering Support and Technology to Banks 
Envestnet signs a service agreement with two nationally recognized banks to deliver investment service, support, and technology.
With more than $5B in total platform assets and more than 21,000 investor accounts, the firm grows to 130 employees.
  

 2002 
 Expanding Services to RIAs 
Envestnet signs a service agreement with a RIA-focused custodian to provide a white-labeled separately managed accounts (SMA) platform with more than 100 SMA investment offerings. The firm also signs a service agreement with a trust services firm to offer their network of RIAs with investment service, support, and technology. By year-end, nearly 80 firms have service contracts with Envestnet.
In addition, Envestnet hosts its first national conference in Denver with nearly 200 attendees.
  

 2001 
 First Signed Agreements with Major Broker-Dealers 
Envestnet signs service agreements with two major securities broker-dealers to provide service, support, and technology to nearly 5,000 financial professionals nationwide.
The firm also acquires Portfolio Management Consultants (PMC), a pioneer in managed accounts. The acquisition adds breadth to the firm's product offerings with the SIGMA Mutual Fund Solution, investment guidance capabilities, and a new office in Denver.
In December, Envestnet is named Forbes Magazine's "Best of the Web."
  

 2000 
 Entering the Field 
Envestnet launches its technology platform for wealth management with two major custodial options, Schwab Institutional and Pershing Advisory Services. Headquartered in Chicago with an office in New York, the firm has 50 employees.
  

 1999 
 Realizing a Vision 
Our founder and CEO, Jud Bergman, an accomplished leader in the asset management industry, recognizes that newly independent advisors would need a software "desktop" that integrates the complex set of services and capabilities required to run a wealth management practice. He assembles a seasoned team of former colleagues and industry peers and together, they begin development of a wealth management platform that will provide advisors with the tools necessary to meet the growing expectations of investors.
  








Share Page

LinkedIn
Twitter
Email



Live Chat
Live Chat with Envestnet Now


































Architecting Intelligence Conference| Envestnet

















































 


Online Registration for Architecting Intelligence 2016 closed. Please contact ArchitectingIntelligence@trv.envestnet.com








CONFERENCE ONArchitectingIntelligenceSM
OCTOBER 15, 2016VIVANTA BY TAJ  |  TRIVANDRUM







Envestnet's multi-portal platform is a unified network focused on enhancing the wealth management process.  We harmonize data across the breadth of our network to deliver thoughtful, actionable intelligence that can foster growth and deliver better client outcomes. Our portals are complete solutions that can be accessed on the go and span the key elements of the advisory process.




















ABOUT THE CONFERENCE

This year, in the second edition of the Conference on Architecting Intelligence,we bring together Futurists, Bankers, Financial Advisors and Software Architects to exchange perspectives, share knowledge, challenge assumptions and empower businesses.
Great Solutions happen at the intersection of disciplines.










                "I believe that there is no industry on Earth more conducive for leveraging digital technology than our own wealth management business." 


   - Jud Bergman at the Envestnet Advisor Summit,2016, Chicago.




Machines learn.
In fact, they can train themselves.
Learning from each exposure, cognitive algorithms rapidly mature, re-adjusting assumptions and refining models because at their core, lies Intelligence.
Augment Human Will and Rationality with  Machine Learning (which enable humans make final selections from a range of intelligent choices) – and you have the blueprint of the future. 
Machine Learning and subsequently Cognitive Computing would  redefine and impact every imaginable domain and discipline.
Wealth Management undoubtedly, would be one of the most influenced, disrupted and augmented spaces, for entirely rational reasons: huge volumes of data, variety of variables, and the uncertain dynamics between influential factors ranging from probability to psychology, would demand augmented intelligence.
 
Concept Paper  Architecting Intelligence in Wealth Management





MEET OUR SPEAKERS
















































Gerd Leonhard
Futurist, Humanist, CEO
The Futures Agency

Gerd Leonhard is a widely-known and top-rated Futurist. Gerd focuses on near-future, ‘nowist’ observations and actionable foresight in the sectors of humanity, society, business and commerce, media, technology and communications. Gerd is an influential author, a sought-after executive ‘future trainer’ and a trusted strategic advisor. Gerd is also the host of the web-TV series ‘The Future Show’ and CEO of The Futures Agency, a global network of over 30 leading futurists. 
Gerd is considered a leading voice on a wide range of topics including digital transformation and the discovery of digitally-native business models. In 2006, The Wall Street Journal called Gerd ‘one of the leading Media Futurists in the World’. In 2015, Wired Magazine listed Gerd as one of the top 100 influencers in Europe.
Catch Gerd as he speaks about Architecting Intelligence in the second edition of the Conference.










Lincoln Ross
Executive Vice President
Envestnet, Inc

Ross is responsible for Strategy and Marketing.
Prior to joining Envestnet, Ross was President and CEO of FundQuest, Inc. Ross joined FundQuest in 1998 and worked with the founding team to grow and evolve the company through its merger with BNP Paribas in 2005 and subsequent sale to Envestnet in 2011.
Ross received his B.A. from the University of New Hampshire and M.S. from Boston University.
Catch Ross as he speaks about Technology Transformation in Wealth Management at the Conference on Architecting Intelligence.










Prof. Dr. U. Dinesh Kumar
Professor
Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore

Dr. U. Dinesh Kumar, Professor, Quantitative Methods & Information Systems, Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIMB), has been recognized as one of the Top 10 Most Prominent Analytic Academicians in India for his research in big data analyses (Analytics India Magazine).
As course director- Business Analytics and Intelligence Executive Education Program of IIMB, Prof. Dinesh Kumar has trained over 1000 professionals in the field of analytics. He has published 11 case studies on the use of predictive and prescriptive analytics by Indian companies at the Harvard Business Publishing and is president of the Analytics Society of India (ASI).
Catch Prof. Dinesh as he speaks about Analytics: Data Modeling, Cleansing, and Enriching at the Conference on Architecting Intelligence.










Arjun Singh
Managing Director, Asia 
Envestnet Yodlee

Arjun Singh heads up Envestnet Yodlee’s growing India Operations. A leading data aggregation and data analytics platform, Envestnet Yodlee powers dynamic, cloud-based innovation for digital financial services. Arjun oversees Yodlee’s large development center in Bangalore and spearheads international growth in the region.
With more than 25 years of experience running and growing businesses, Arjun has played senior roles at Aon Hewitt in Asia, WNS in India and the UK, ABN AMRO Bank in Amsterdam, GE Capital Information Services, and ANZ Grindlays Bank in Delhi and Melbourne.
Catch Arjun as he moderates a panel discussion on Financial Services in APAC at the Conference on Architecting Intelligence.










Dr. Parag Kulkarni
Founder CEO and Chief Scientist
EKLaT Research & iknowlation Research Labs Pvt. Ltd.

A sought after Innovation Strategist and Machine Learning expert, Dr. Parag Kulkarni is a leading authority in business, knowledge and innovation strategies. An expert in Text and Data Analytics with more than two decades of Industry, Research and Management experience, Dr. Parag is consultant in areas of knowledge management, machine learning, value innovation, business and IT strategy, and data mining.
An alumnus of IIT Karagpur and IIM Kolkata, Dr. Parag has been conferred the DSc – Higher Doctorate by the UGSM Monarch Business School – Swiss University, for his contributions and research in Knowledge Innovation and Machine Learning. He has worked extensively on strategy formulation and implementation, developed and delivered products based on research in the areas of AI and Machine learning.
Catch Dr. Parag as he speaks about Machine Learning: Models and Algorithms at the Conference on Architecting Intelligence










Blake Wood
Senior Vice President, Director of Program Innovation 
Envestnet, Inc

Blake Wood leads Program Innovation at Envestnet, supporting ENV business development efforts, strategic client engagements as well as product release communications.
The Program Innovation Group represents the investor, advisor and enterprise voice into Envestnet and is the voice of Envestnet product and development groups back to Envestnet partners. The group works closely with integration partners and strategic stakeholders to create and define Envestnet’s vision for moving forward.
Blake’s specialties’ include Customer platform integrations/migrations, Separately Managed Accounts, Customer Service, Project Management and Implementations, Education and Training, Web Demonstrations, Rebalancing Tools.










Ravi Shankar
Co Founder and CEO
Active Intelligence Pte

Prior to being an entrepreneur, he worked for nearly 20 years across HDFC Bank, ABN AMRO Bank and YES BANK in various senior executive roles. In his banking career he pioneered India into Electronic Real Time Payments, Mobile Payments, Chip Cards, Wallets, Apps, well before they became buzzwords of today. Over the last 5 years he has partnered great teams and entrepreneurs across countries building next generation Fintech and Technology companies.Ravishankar has been closely associated with Yodlee in Asia. He partnered Yodlee as it’s first banking customer in 2008 through YESBANK. 










Pramod Singh
Chief Analytics Officer and Vice President of Data Sciences and Analytics
Envestnet | Yodlee

Pramod Singh is Chief Analytics Officer and Vice President of Data Sciences and Analytics at  Envestnet | Yodlee based out of Bangalore. He leads 50+ member team comprising of  Data Scientists, Analytics Engineers and Business Analysts. He is responsible for delivering analytics solutions for the enterprise.  Before joining  Envestnet|Yodlee Pramod Singh was Director of Digital and Big Data Analytics at Hewlett Packard. He has more than 20 years of leadership experience in leading analytics teams and in design and implementation of analytics solutions. Pramod was with the HP since 2000 in different roles. For almost 15  years at HP, Pramod has lead advanced analytics teams in areas of customer knowledge management, e- business , global business intelligence in IT  and digital and big data analytics.. Before joining HP, Pramod worked at Wal-Mart’s Information systems. Here, he designed and developed advanced assortment planning system, a technology that  revolutionized the store assortment practices for Wal-Mart. Pramod has PhD and Masters in Mathematics from University of Arkansas and an MBA in Marketing. Pramod is author of several published papers and patent and regular speaker at international conferences. 










Prashant Paliwal
Sr. Director, Ecosystem Development & Innovation – APAC
Envestnet|Yodlee

Head of Ecosystem Development & Innovation, Prashant believes in customer driven innovation and is adept at analyzing data.












THE CONFERENCE SCHEDULE

9.30 am
Registration


10:30 am
Architecting  Intelligence



Keynote Address



Gerd Leonhard- CEO, The Futures Agency  


11:45 am
Tea Break


12:00 noon
Technology Transformation in Wealth Management



Lincoln Ross- EVP, Envestnet, Inc 


12:40 pm
Future of customer engagement in



Banking and Wealth management



Ravi Shankar- Co-Founder, CEO- Active Intelligence Pte  


1:00 pm
Lunch Break




TECHNOLOGY SESSIONS


2:00 pm
Machine Learning Models and Algorithms Dr. Parag Kulkarni- Founder CEO, EKLaT Research & iknowlation Research Labs Pvt. Ltd


3:00 pm
Analytics - Data Modeling Cleansing and Enriching Dr. Dinesh Kumar- Professor, IIIMB




BUSINESS SESSIONS


2:00 pm

Panel Discussion - Opportunities and challenges in the Wealth Management Space in india
                        
                         Moderator:Arjun Singh- MD Asia, Envestnet|Yodlee
                        
                                Panelists:Sumeet Vaid- CEO, Anand Rathi  Rahul Parikh- Head Aditya Birla Money MyUniverse 
Chirag Nanavati- Executive Director at Asset Vantage Systems Pvt Ltd
Anupam Kumar- Founder, SkillNxt

                        



3:00 pm
ENV Suite and ENV Intelligence Blake Wood- SVP, Director- Program Innovation, Envestnet, Inc
Prashant Paliwal- Sr.Director, Ecosystem Development & Innovation- APAC, Envestnet|Yodlee




4:00 pm
Tea Break


 4:15 pm
Data DemocratizationPramod Singh- CAO, VP- Data Sciences and Analytics, Envestnet|Yodlee


4:45 pm
Hackathon - Code For a Cause


5:45 pm
Slice of Life - Music & Dance


6:15 pm
Cocktails & Dinner



 VENUE 















 






Previous



Next







SNAPSHOTS FROM CONFERENCE 2015






Product Managers





Keynote- AI as a Utility





Presentation- ENV Intelligence





Q&A





Data Scientists





Software Architects





Panel Discussion





Full House





Lighter Moments





Networking










REGISTRATION
Registration closed.Please contact ArchitectingIntelligence@trv.envestnet.com







LET US KEEP IN TOUCH








                Envestnet Towers
                Kowdiar PO
                Trivandrum 695003


  
              
            




                Meet The Next Gen Brilliant Minds
Ideate | Discuss | Mentor


Disclaimer: The Conference Organizing Committee reserves the right to change the speakers, schedule and venue without notice, due to circumstances beyond their control.Changes, if any, shall be updated as and when the information becomes available. Please stay updated by keeping an eye on this page or following us on social media











