




Worldwise - better products, better planet








about us     |   

contact us



our brands     |   
sustainability     |   
press room     |   
home




























our brands
SmartyKat®  Innovative products for your cat's physical, emotional and instinctual needs.
TrustyPup™Dog products that invite your dog to play hard and rest easy.
Petlinks®Products that connect to how people and pets live and play together.
kathy ireland® Loved Ones Products that speak to the natural needs of your Loved Ones.
goDog™ Longer-lasting plush dog toys featuring Chew Guard Technology™.
Hear Doggy!® Dog toys with a patented ultrasonic squeaker only your dog can hear.
SHERPA® Comfortable and durable soft-sided pet carriers for all kinds of pet travel. 
Guaranteed On Board™ Ensure you and your pet can fly hassle-free.





our philosophy
Worldwise brands create smart 
    new ways to satisfy your pet's most important needs.
Our innovative product design marries environmental sustainability and fresh style in surprisingly affordable ways.

contact us    |    careers    |    Worldwise © 2010










    Monster Worldwide, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report
























Login -
  My basket -
  




EUR GBP 


























Monster Worldwide, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report

January 2016
31 pages
MarketLine
        

Report ID: 3695830



Summary
Table of contents
Search Inside


IntroductionMonster Worldwide, Inc.  - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company’s structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360? view of the company.Features: - Detailed information on Monster Worldwide, Inc. required for business and competitor intelligence needs - A study of the major internal and external factors affecting Monster Worldwide, Inc. in the form of a SWOT analysis - An in-depth view of the business model of Monster Worldwide, Inc. including a breakdown and examination of key business segments - Intelligence on Monster Worldwide, Inc.’s mergers and acquisitions (M&A), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisors - News about Monster Worldwide, Inc., such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract wins - Large number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trendsHighlights:Monster Worldwide, Inc. (Monster or "the company") is a global online employment solution provider for people seeking jobs as well as the employers. The company primarily operates in the US where it is headquartered in New York City, New York and employed approximately 4,000 people as on January 31, 2015.  The company recorded revenues of $770 million during the financial year ended December 2014 (FY2014), a decrease of 4.7% as compared to FY2013. The operating loss of the company was $322.3 million in FY2014, as compared to an operating profit of $33.2 million in FY2013.The net loss of the company was $289.3 million in FY2014, as compared to a net loss of $0.5 million in FY2013.Reasons to Purchase: - Gain understanding of Monster Worldwide, Inc. and the factors that influence its strategies  - Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions  - Assess Monster Worldwide, Inc. as a prospective partner, vendor or supplier - Support sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses better - Stay up to date on Monster Worldwide, Inc.’s business structure, strategy and prospects
	

		Company OverviewBusiness DescriptionHistoryKey Employees and BiographiesCompany ViewLocations and SubsidiariesSWOT AnalysisRevenue AnalysisKey CompetitorsMajor Products and Services
	







            Loading...
          


            We are very sorry, but an error occurred.
            Please contact support@reportbuyer.com if the problem remains.
          









Immediate delivery






              $ 175 - 1 User License
              

              $ 350 - Site License
              

              $ 525 - Corporate License
              




Get Report
Pay by invoice
Get a quote



 Veronica helps you find the right report:

+1 718 213 4904
Contact by email




FAQ

Delivery time
User license
Payment options



Testimonials







The market research advisor answered my questions quickly and professionally. ReportBuyer's team did their best to ensure that I felt comfortable before making the investment to purchase the report.


Cristian Nunez
          Director of Corporate Development Chugach Alaska Corporation
        



My overall experience with ReportBuyer today has been very positive, and I must thank you for your patience (...). Also, the sample you sent me and the explanations provided were very helpful.


D. Lescuyer
          Executive Vice President Oral Business at Skyepharma
        



The research specialist was very helpful, and proposed the best content for my needs.
ReportBuyer also offered a great follow-up, thanks for everything !


P. Thompson
          EMEA Managing Director
        



We were satisfied with the support that ReportBuyer's team provided. Thanks to their recommendations, the report we purchased provided exactly what we want.


Y. Wang
          Business Analyst
        



We didn't have time to do the research internally, and thanks to ReportBuyer's team we were able to find the appropriate data.


S. Chen
          Research Coordinator
        



I was impressed by the customer service: it was fast, responsive, and 100% professional !


D. Krivan
          Market Research Analyst
        



The research specialist provided prompt and helpful service. He also followed up to ensure I had all the information to deliver my business development plan.


C. Adams
          Senior Business Development Manager
        












Our reports have been used by over 10K customers, including:









































































Related reports and data






            Topics
                            related to
                                        
        Staff Recruitment
    




        Human Resources
    



        Temporary Staffing
    






            Parent Industry        


Human Resources







            Related Industries
        


Advertising And Marketing


Business Consultancy And Audit


Business Outsourcing


Consulting


Education And Training


IT Outsourcing


Knowledge Management


Maintenance And Cleaning Services


Marketing


Research And Development


Security Services


Wholesaling


















                    Monster Worldwide, Inc. - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report
                

 318
 350
 270

                                    66 pages •
                                By MarketLine 
                •     May 2017

            


                                                    Monster Worldwide, Inc. - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report  Summary  Marketline's Monster Worldwide, Inc. Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investments report includes business description, detailed reports on mergers and acquisitions (M&A), divestments,...
                                            
















                    Korn/Ferry International - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report
                

 159
 175
 135

                                    42 pages •
                                By MarketLine 
                •     May 2017

            


                                                    Korn/Ferry International - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report  Summary  Korn/Ferry International - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company's structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate...
                                            










        Country=UnitedStates Date=201601 Topic=SWOTAnalysis Publisher=MarketLine Price=1000
    












 



















Search and apply for jobs at Monster.




 











Keyword Search


Keyword Search










Advanced Job Search

1. Job Category



All Job Categories


Add a Job Category

2. Job Location



All Job Locations


Add a Job Location




0
of 43

RESET








SHOW JOBS ON A MAP














                                JOB TITLE
                            



                                JOB CATEGORY
                            



                                JOB LOCATION
                            













<


>




1 - 10 /
                             Jobs
                        










Life at Monster
		
















EEO is the Law   |   Pay Transparency


About Us
About Us
Our History
Our Vision, Mission, and Values
Social Responsibility


Working Here
Working at Monster
Diversity & Inclusion
Our Benefits
Students and New Grads
Veterans


Career Areas
Customer Service, Fraud & Privacy
General & Administrative
Military.com
Product, Marketing & Technology
Sales
Talent Bin


Job Search
Job View / Apply
Connect With Us


Share this on:





























 












Mark Nelson, Monster Worldwide, Inc. VP, Product Management - REDBOOKS








































Brands, Marketers, Agencies. Search Less. Sell More.





/   SIGN IN

GET A FREE TRIAL   
CONTACT US: (800) 908-5395





















Mark Nelson
VP, Product Management, Monster Worldwide, Inc.

EMAIL: 
                      







              Real-time sales trigger feed - generated by REDBOOKS machine learning and natural language processing technology, tracking 800,000+ news sources to aggregate all new executives, job/role changes and news on decision makers, brands and agencies in the media/marketing industry.
              

              This sales feed is for Mark Nelson at Monster Worldwide, Inc.. Mark Nelson works as VP, Product Management , acting in a Brand/Product Management role .  Monster Worldwide, Inc. is a leader in Internet/Online .
              REDBOOKS tracks personnel changes for advertisers spending over $1 million annually.
              

              For more Brand/Product Management leads or media/marketing prospecting automation, start a free trial now.
              

Recent Related News






Learn more about Mark Nelson  and 260,000+ key contacts

  Create targeted lead lists

  Gain insider knowledge with advanced machine  learning
  Real-time verified contact info



Enter Work Email:

Please enter email address.
 Please enter valid email address.









             Learn more about Mark Nelson and 260,000+ key contacts
            



























First Name *

 Please enter first name.




Last Name *

 Please enter last name.






Company Name *

 Please enter company name.






Email *





Phone *

 Please enter phone number.
 Please enter 10 digits number.





What industry are you in? *  
                (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the industry.




                     Media Sales
                  




                     Production
                  




                     Ad-Tech/Mar-Tech
                  




                     Sponsorship Sales
                  



  Agency New Business
                  



  Other:
                  




What is your role? *
                 
                 (Please select one the categories below)
Please enter value for the role.



  C-Suite
                  



  VP/Manager
                  



  Sales Rep
                  



  Other:
                  














Thank you for registering for a Free REDBOOKS.com Trial!
We are processing your request and will be in touch shortly to get you started!
For Immediate Assistance, please call us at (800) 908-5395 or email us at info@redbooks.com


























Home
Learn More
FREE Trial


Features




AD THINK Events
Thought Leadership Events
Top Advertiser Directory
Top Agency Directory



Add Your Agency
Update Your Agency
Agency Showcase
Advertising Associations
Creative Spotlight
Services and Suppliers


About Us
Blog
Contact Us
Jobs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy





Customer Support
(800) 908-5395
Connect with us




















Copyright © 2017 Red Books LLC. All rights reserved


















































 



 Randstad To Acquire Monster Worldwide To Transform The Way People And Jobs Connect 


         










    










 













 











 



















Randstad To Acquire Monster Worldwide To Transform The Way People And Jobs Connect
        																														
																																																																	
																																																																																		
																																																												
	

		 English
	 


  Deutschland  - Deutsch
 Français



















 News provided by
Monster Worldwide, Inc.  
Aug 09, 2016, 01:00 ET









 Share this article




























































Enhances Randstad's Digital Human Resources Services Strategy
Monster to Operate as Separate and Independent Entity Under the Monster Name










 







							 		Randstad Logo
							  



 

 
 



AMSTERDAM and WESTON, Mass., Aug. 9, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Randstad Holding nv (AMS: RAND), a leading human resources services provider, and Monster Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE:   MWW), a global leader in connecting jobs and people, today announced the signing of a definitive agreement under which Randstad will acquire Monster. Under the terms of the merger agreement, Randstad will pay $3.40 per share in cash, or a total purchase price of approximately $429 million (enterprise value).
By leveraging Monster's multiple distribution channels to bridge two different but complementary parts of the extended recruiting industry, Randstad intends to build the world's most comprehensive portfolio of HR services. Monster will continue operating as a separate and independent entity under the Monster name.
"In an era of massive technological change, employers are challenged to identify better ways to source and engage talent," said Jacques van den Broek, CEO of Randstad. "With its industry leading technology platform and easy to use digital, social and mobile solutions, Monster is a natural complement to Randstad. The transaction is aligned with our Tech and Touch growth strategy and reflects our commitment to bringing labor supply and demand closer together to better connect the right people to the right jobs. We look forward to welcoming the Monster team and working together to shape the evolving global job industry."
"Joining Randstad provides a unique opportunity to accelerate our ability to connect more people to more jobs," said Tim Yates, CEO of Monster. "Together with Randstad, Monster will be better positioned to fulfill our core mission, and our employees will benefit from becoming part of a larger, more diversified company. Equally important, this transaction offers immediate value to our shareholders. We are excited to join and be supported by Randstad, as we continue to build the best recruiting media, technologies, and platforms. We look forward to working with the Randstad team to ensure a smooth transition."
Strategic and Financial Benefits 

Brings Together Complementary Visions to Lead Transformation: Randstad and Monster have a shared vision for the global job industry, which is rapidly transforming as a result of technology advances. The transaction is intended to accelerate their ability to develop new and innovative capabilities that deliver greater value to job seekers and employers by bringing labor supply and demand closer together. 
Creates Most Comprehensive and Technologically Advanced Capabilities for Human Resources Services: Randstad continues to enhance its business model in the rapidly shifting landscape, placing annually more than 2 million people worldwide through its network of more than 4,500 branches and client-dedicated services. With the addition of Monster's leading recruiting media, technologies, and platforms which connect people and jobs in more than 40 countries, Randstad intends to further expand its services to offer both clients and candidates tools for increased efficiency and engagement, connecting more people to more jobs.
Financially Compelling: The transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to Randstad earnings per share. 

Terms of the Agreement
Under the terms of the merger agreement, Randstad has agreed to commence a tender offer, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Monster common stock for $3.40 per share in cash. The Boards of Directors of both Randstad and Monster have unanimously approved the terms of the merger agreement, and the Board of Directors of Monster has resolved to recommend that shareholders accept the offer, once it is commenced. The consideration represents a 22.7% premium to Monster's closing stock price on August 8, 2016, the last trading day prior to today's announcement and a 30.1% premium to the 90 day volume weighted average stock price. The purchase price implies an enterprise value to LTM 6/30/2016 Adjusted EBITA multiple of 8.9x (excluding stock based compensation) and 10.3x (including stock based compensation). The acquisition is structured as an all-cash tender offer for all outstanding issued common stock of Monster followed by a merger in which remaining shares of Monster would be converted into the same U.S. dollar per share consideration as in the tender offer. The transaction does not have a financing condition and is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2016, subject to regulatory approvals.
Financing and Approvals
Randstad intends to finance the acquisition through its existing credit facilities. The transaction is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the tender of the majority of the outstanding Monster shares and the expiration or earlier termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 and the approval of the European Commission (or the approval by those national competition authorities in the European Union that have jurisdiction as a result of a referral of the transaction under the EU Merger Regulation (Council Regulation 139/2004 of the European Union)) of the transaction pursuant to the EU Merger Regulation. Monster is expected to be delisted from the NYSE and integrated into Randstad thereafter.
Randstad M&A UpdateRandstad has used M&A to accelerate its strategy during the last nine months. Randstad's balance sheet is expected to remain solid after the closing of the recent string of acquisitions (Net Debt/EBITDA will remain well below 1.5x, compared to its policy to remain below 2x). The cumulated impact of M&A, announced during the last nine months, on Randstad's revenue will be ~ € 2 billion on an annualized basis. The main focus for Randstad going forward with respect to acquired companies will be on integration and implementation. As such Randstad will reduce the pace of M&A and it is expected to limit this in the medium term to around € 100 million.
Advisors
Wells Fargo Securities is serving as exclusive financial advisor to Randstad and Jones Day is serving as legal counsel. Evercore Group L.L.C. is serving as exclusive financial advisor to Monster and Dechert LLP is serving as legal counsel.
About Randstad
Randstad specializes in solutions in the field of flexible work and human resources services. Their services range from regular temporary staffing and permanent placements to Inhouse Services, Professionals, Search & Selection, outplacement, and HR Solutions. Randstad Group is one of the leading HR services providers in the world, with top-three positions in Argentina, Belgium & Luxembourg, Canada, Chile, France, Germany, Greece, India, Mexico, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Switzerland, the UK, and the United States, as well as major positions in Australia and Japan. In 2015, Randstad had approximately 29,750 corporate employees and around 4,473 branches and Inhouse locations in 39 countries around the world. Randstad generated revenue of € 19.2 billion in 2015. Randstad was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Diemen, the Netherlands. Randstad Holding nv is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam, where options for stocks in Randstad are also traded. For more information, see www.randstad.com.
About Monster Worldwide
Monster Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE:    MWW) is a global leader in connecting people to jobs, wherever they are. For more than 20 years, Monster has helped people improve their lives with better jobs, and employers find the best talent. Today, the company offers services in more than 40 countries, providing some of the broadest, most sophisticated job seeking, career management, recruitment and talent management capabilities. Monster continues its pioneering work of transforming the recruiting industry with advanced technology using intelligent digital, social and mobile solutions, including our flagship website Monster.com® and a vast array of products and services. For more information visit www.monster.com/about.
Additional Information
This press release and the description contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not a recommendation, an offer to buy, or the solicitation of an offer to sell any shares of Monster's common stock. The tender offer referenced in this press release has not commenced. Upon commencement of the tender offer, Randstad North America, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Merlin Global Acquisition, Inc. ("Merger Sub"), will file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") a Tender Offer Statement on Schedule TO containing an offer to purchase (the "Offer to Purchase"), a form of letter of transmittal (the "Letter of Transmittal") and other related documents and, thereafter, Monster will file with the SEC a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D9 with respect to the tender offer. Randstad, Merger Sub and Monster intend to mail documents to the shareholders of Monster. THESE DOCUMENTS, AS EACH MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE TENDER OFFER AND MONSTER SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THEM CAREFULLY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE. Shareholders of Monster will be able to obtain a free copy of these documents (when they become available) and other documents filed by Monster, Randstad or Merger Sub with the SEC at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov. In addition, shareholders of Monster may obtain a free copy of these documents (when they become available) by visiting the "Investors" section of Monster's website at http://ir.monster.com/.
The Offer to Purchase is not being made to holders of (nor will tenders be accepted from or on behalf of holders of) shares of Monster's common stock in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Offer or the acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities, blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. In those jurisdictions where applicable laws or regulations require the Offer to Purchase to be made by a licensed broker or dealer, the Offer to Purchase shall be deemed to be made on behalf of Merger Sub by one or more registered brokers or dealers licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction to be designated by Merger Sub or Randstad.
Forward-Looking Statements
The statements included in this press release contain forward-looking statements, which are generally statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the words "expects," "anticipates," "believes," "intends," "estimates," "plans," "will," "outlook" and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current plans, estimates, assumptions and projections, speak only as of the date they are made and include without limitation statements regarding the planned completion of the tender offer and the merger, statements regarding the anticipated filings and approvals relating to the tender offer and the merger, statements regarding the expected completion of the tender offer and the merger and statements regarding the ability of Merger Sub to complete the tender offer and the merger considering the various closing conditions. Randstad and Monster undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement in light of new information or future events, except as otherwise required by law. Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the control of either company, including the following: (a) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; (b) the inability to complete the transaction due to the failure to satisfy conditions to the transaction; (c) the risk that the proposed transaction disrupts current plans and operations; (d) difficulties or unanticipated expenses in connection with integrating Monster into Randstad; (e) the risk that the acquisition does not perform as planned; and (f) potential difficulties in employee retention following the closing of the transaction. Actual results or outcomes may differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements as a result of the impact of a number of factors, many of which are discussed in more detail in the public reports of each company filed or to be filed with the SEC or the Amsterdam Stock Exchange.
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20150113/168978LOGO Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160808/396614LOGO
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/randstad-to-acquire-monster-worldwide-to-transform-the-way-people-and-jobs-connect-300310880.html
SOURCE  Monster Worldwide, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.monster.com



 

















Aug 09, 2016, 01:01 ET
Preview: Monster Worldwide Reports Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results




















Jul 27, 2016, 16:15 ET
Preview: Monster Worldwide Schedules Conference Call and Webcast to Discuss Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





 Also from this source




 











Mar 08, 2017, 16:01 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Monster and Job Corps Testify Before Congress on Importance of...






 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Computer Electronics
  Human Resource & Workforce Management
Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers








 You just read:
Randstad To Acquire Monster Worldwide To Transform The Way People And Jobs Connect


 News provided by
Monster Worldwide, Inc.  
Aug 09, 2016, 01:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 























A Global Digital Recruiting Technology Company - TMP Worldwide




















Skip to main content
Current Partner Site: United States (View Global Locations)




How do you find a better way to build the right talent?
It begins with TalentBrew. The kind of innovative technology that enhances your brand, empowers you to engage with your audience, and delivers a consistent voice across every connection point. Transform the way you search for candidates and exceed your global recruiting goals with TMP.

Request a Demo
Our Solutions











Flexible solutions for your ever-changing recruitment goals.
You can do amazing things and solve virtually any challenge with our technology, creative and service solutions. They work in perfect harmony, seamlessly integrating with your processes and systems to produce effective, measurable results.






Experiencing a shift in your hiring needs?
Whether it’s sudden growth, high turnover or workforce diversification, we’ll help you attract, engage and hire the right people.
Learn more







Need to define or enhance your brand?
From a simple refresh to building something from the ground up, you’ll have a compelling employer brand that’s effective across any channel.
Learn more







Wondering what’s working and what’s not?
Tracking metrics and in-depth analytics can tell a powerful story, shining a light on optimization solutions and increasing your ROI.
Learn more







Looking for the latest trends?
Our global industry leaders are at your service, so you can stay competitive with innovative technologies and strategies.
Learn more





Explore real-world examples of work that’s transforming talent acquisition.

See Our Solutions









Global Locations
Our offices span the U.S., Canada, France, Germany, India, the U.K., Singapore and our Latin American hub in Brazil, and we have affiliates in other countries across the world – giving you a powerful global perspective.
Learn more







Leadership
As a company with a history of predicting, defining and creating the future of our industry, our people are focused on one common goal – helping you recruit top candidates in a smart, measurable and cost-effective way.
Learn more







Innovation
From client education, to employee-submitted “ideas of the quarter,” to the conceptual solutions developed by our TMP Labs team, we’re dedicated to keeping you aware of what’s new and ahead of what’s next.
Learn more






Contact Us

Back to top







 







Monster Worldwide, Inc. - SWOT, Strategy and Corporate Finance Report
















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in











Technology & Media»E-Commerce & IT Outsourcing»E-Commerce & IT Outsourcing Company Reports 



Monster Worldwide, Inc. - SWOT, Strategy and Corporate Finance Report


Lowest Prices Guaranteed
Length
Publisher
Published Date
SKU


from $175
42 Pages


MarketLine




November, 2013
                                

MTLN5186359





Lowest Prices Guaranteed


Price
from $175


Length
42 Pages


Publisher

MarketLine



Published Date

November, 2013

                            


SKU
MTLN5186359



Table of Contents




Close Window
Table of Contents




Monster Worldwide, Inc. - SWOT, Strategy and Corporate Finance Report


Printer format



MarketLine

Company SnapshotMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Company OverviewMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Overview and Key FactsMonster Worldwide, Inc.: OverviewMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Key FactsMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Key EmployeesMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Key Employee BiographiesMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Major Products and ServicesMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Company History Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Management StatementMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Locations and SubsidiariesMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Company AnalysisMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Business DescriptionMonster Worldwide, Inc.: SWOT AnalysisMonster Worldwide, Inc.: SWOT OverviewMonster Worldwide, Inc.: StrengthsMonster Worldwide, Inc.: WeaknessesMonster Worldwide, Inc.: OpportunitiesMonster Worldwide, Inc.: ThreatsMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Corporate Financial Deals ActivityMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Financial Deals OverviewMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Targets and PartnersMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Top Deals 2010 - 2014YTD*Monster Worldwide, Inc.: AdvisorsMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Top Financial AdvisorsMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Mergers and AcquisitionsMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Corporate VenturingMonster Worldwide, Inc.: DivestmentsMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Recent DevelopmentsMonster Worldwide, Inc.: News and Events SummaryMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Business ExpansionMonster Worldwide, Inc.: Financial DealsAppendix Contact  UsMethodologyDefinitionsAbout DatamonitorList of TablesTable 1: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Key FactsTable 2: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Key EmployeesTable 4: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Deal Activity by Deal Type - Volume (TTM*)Table 5: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Deal Activity by Deal Type - Volume (2010 - YTD*2014)Table 6: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: M&A Average Deal Size - Value (US$m)Table 7: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Targets and PartnersTable 8: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Top Deals 2010 - 2014YTD*Table 9: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Financial Advisor Ranking by Value (US$m)Table 10: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: M&A Volume and Value Trend (2010 - YTD*2014)Table 11: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: M&A Activity by Geography (2010 - YTD*2014)Table 12: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Corporate Venturing Volume and Value Trend (2010 - YTD*2014)Table 13: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Corporate Venturing by Geography (2010 - YTD*2014)Table 14: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Divestments Volume and Value Trend (2010 - YTD*2014)Table 15: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Divestments by Geography (2010 - YTD*2014)Table 16: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: News and Events SummaryTable 17: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Business ExpansionTable 18: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Financial DealsList of FiguresFigure 1: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Deal Activity by Deal Type - Volume (TTM*)Figure 2: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Deal Activity by Deal Type - Volume (2010 - YTD*2014)Figure 3: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: M&A Average Deal Size - Value (US$m)Figure 4: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: M&A Volume and Value Trend (2010 - YTD*2014)Figure 5: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: M&A Activity by Geography (2010 - YTD*2014)Figure 6: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Corporate Venturing Volume and Value Trend (2010 - YTD*2014)Figure 7: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Corporate Venturing by Geography (2010 - YTD*2014)Figure 8: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Divestments Volume and Value Trend (2010 - YTD*2014)Figure 9: Monster Worldwide, Inc.: Divestments by Geography (2010 - YTD*2014)




Description




Close Window
Description




Monster Worldwide, Inc. - SWOT, Strategy and Corporate Finance Report


Printer format



MarketLine


Monster Worldwide, Inc. - SWOT, Strategy and Corporate Finance Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company’s structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings, detailed financials, and corporate actions, providing a 360˚ view of the company.Features:Detailed information on Monster Worldwide, Inc. required for business and competitor intelligence needsA study of the major internal and external factors affecting Monster Worldwide, Inc. in the form of a SWOT analysisAn in-depth view of the business model of Monster Worldwide, Inc. including a breakdown and examination of key business segmentsFive-year financial information and charts, including balance sheet, income statement, cash flows, market capitalization and multiples, and key ratios for Monster Worldwide, Inc.Intelligence on Monster Worldwide, Inc.nv’s mergers and acquisitions (M&A), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisorsNews about Monster Worldwide, Inc., such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract winsLarge number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trendsHighlights:MONSTER WORLDWIDE, INC. (Monster or “the company”) is the parent company of Monster.com, the global online employment solution for people seeking jobs as well as the employers. The company primarily operates in the US and Germany. It is headquartered in New York City, New York and employed approximately 5,000 people as of January 31, 2013.  The company recorded revenues of $890.4 million during the fiscal year ended December 2012 (FY2012), a decrease of 10.4% compared to FY2011. The operating profit of the company was $32.2 million during FY2012, a decrease of 65.7% compared to FY2011. The net loss was $258.7 million in FY2012 compared to a net profit of $54 million in FY2011.Reasons to Purchase:Gain understanding of  Monster Worldwide, Inc. and the factors that influence its strategies Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions Assess Monster Worldwide, Inc. as a prospective partner, vendor or supplierSupport sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses betterStay up to date on Monster Worldwide, Inc.’s business structure, strategy and prospects





Search inside this report




Close Window
Search inside this report
















Online Download
$175


Purchase






Global Site License
$437.50


Purchase










 



Research assistance



US: 800.298.5699
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093
















      Download our eBook: How to Succeed Using Market Research
    

      Learn how to effectively navigate the market research process to help guide your organization on the journey to success.
    

        Download eBook
    



Share this report









Other tasks

Printer format
Order by fax
Currency converter




































 







E-Commerce & IT Outsourcing Market Research Reports & E-Commerce & IT Outsourcing Industry Analysis | MarketResearch.com



















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in














Market Research
»

Technology & Media

E-Commerce & IT Outsourcing Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis





Filter your search

Filter your search




E-Commerce (599)
E-Commerce & IT Outsourcing Company Reports (1167)
IT Administration (1054)
IT Services (1689)
Law & Policy (1)




Global  (634)
Asia  (580)
Europe  (555)
North America  (393)
Oceania  (139)
South America  (106)
Africa  (90)
Middle East  (53)




Research Assistance
US: 800.298.5699 
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093






Join Alert Me Now!
Receive bi-weekly email alerts on new research
Sign Up

Find out more on our blog



E-Commerce & IT Outsourcing Industry Research & Market Reports

Sort by:

Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Price Low-to-High
Price High-to-Low
Date
Date (Older First)

Refine your search




Close Window
Refine your search








Title:







Publisher:







Keyword:







Price(USD):





 To 







Date:



Any Date
Last Month
Last 3 Months
Last 6 Months
Last Year
Last 2 Years





Region:



All Regions

                                                            Africa
                                                        

                                                               Algeria
                                                        

                                                               Angola
                                                        

                                                               Benin
                                                        

                                                               Botswana
                                                        

                                                               Burkina Faso
                                                        

                                                               Burundi
                                                        

                                                               Cameroon
                                                        

                                                               Cape Verde
                                                        

                                                               Central African Republic
                                                        

                                                               Chad
                                                        

                                                               Comoros
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               Cote d'Ivoire
                                                        

                                                               Djibouti
                                                        

                                                               Egypt
                                                        

                                                               Equatorial Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Eritrea
                                                        

                                                               Ethiopia
                                                        

                                                               Gabon
                                                        

                                                               The Gambia
                                                        

                                                               Ghana
                                                        

                                                               Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Guinea-Bissau
                                                        

                                                               Kenya
                                                        

                                                               Lesotho
                                                        

                                                               Liberia
                                                        

                                                               Libya
                                                        

                                                               Madagascar
                                                        

                                                               Malawi
                                                        

                                                               Mali
                                                        

                                                               Mauritania
                                                        

                                                               Mauritius
                                                        

                                                               Mayotte
                                                        

                                                               Morocco
                                                        

                                                               Mozambique
                                                        

                                                               Namibia
                                                        

                                                               Niger
                                                        

                                                               Nigeria
                                                        

                                                               Reunion
                                                        

                                                               Rwanda
                                                        

                                                               Sao Tome and Principe
                                                        

                                                               Senegal
                                                        

                                                               Seychelles
                                                        

                                                               Sierra Leone
                                                        

                                                               Somalia
                                                        

                                                               South Africa
                                                        

                                                               South Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Swaziland
                                                        

                                                               Tanzania
                                                        

                                                               Togo
                                                        

                                                               Tunisia
                                                        

                                                               Uganda
                                                        

                                                               Western Sahara
                                                        

                                                               Zambia
                                                        

                                                               Zimbabwe
                                                        

                                                            Asia
                                                        

                                                               Afghanistan
                                                        

                                                               Armenia
                                                        

                                                               Azerbaijan
                                                        

                                                               Bangladesh
                                                        

                                                               Bhutan
                                                        

                                                               Brunei
                                                        

                                                               Cambodia
                                                        

                                                               China
                                                        

                                                               Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                                        

                                                               East Timor
                                                        

                                                               Georgia
                                                        

                                                               Hong Kong
                                                        

                                                               India
                                                        

                                                               Indonesia
                                                        

                                                               Japan
                                                        

                                                               Kazakhstan
                                                        

                                                               Kyrgyzstan
                                                        

                                                               Laos
                                                        

                                                               Macau
                                                        

                                                               Malaysia
                                                        

                                                               Maldives
                                                        

                                                               Mongolia
                                                        

                                                               Myanmar
                                                        

                                                               Nepal
                                                        

                                                               North Korea
                                                        

                                                               Pakistan
                                                        

                                                               Papua New Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Philippines
                                                        

                                                               Russia
                                                        

                                                               Singapore
                                                        

                                                               South Korea
                                                        

                                                               Sri Lanka
                                                        

                                                               Taiwan
                                                        

                                                               Tajikistan
                                                        

                                                               Thailand
                                                        

                                                               Turkey
                                                        

                                                               Turkmenistan
                                                        

                                                               Uzbekistan
                                                        

                                                               Vietnam
                                                        

                                                            Caribbean
                                                        

                                                               Anguilla
                                                        

                                                               Antigua and Barbuda
                                                        

                                                               Aruba
                                                        

                                                               The Bahamas
                                                        

                                                               Barbados
                                                        

                                                               British Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cayman Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cuba
                                                        

                                                               Curacao
                                                        

                                                               Dominica
                                                        

                                                               Dominican Republic
                                                        

                                                               Grenada
                                                        

                                                               Guadeloupe
                                                        

                                                               Haiti
                                                        

                                                               Jamaica
                                                        

                                                               Martinique
                                                        

                                                               Montserrat
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands Antilles
                                                        

                                                               Puerto Rico
                                                        

                                                               Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                                        

                                                               Saint Lucia
                                                        

                                                               Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                                        

                                                               Sint Maarten/ Saint Maarten
                                                        

                                                               Trinidad and Tobago
                                                        

                                                               Turks and Caicos Islands
                                                        

                                                               Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                            Central America
                                                        

                                                               Belize
                                                        

                                                               Costa Rica
                                                        

                                                               El Salvador
                                                        

                                                               Guatemala
                                                        

                                                               Honduras
                                                        

                                                               Nicaragua
                                                        

                                                               Panama
                                                        

                                                            Europe
                                                        

                                                               Albania
                                                        

                                                               Andorra
                                                        

                                                               Austria
                                                        

                                                               Belarus
                                                        

                                                               Belgium
                                                        

                                                               Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                        

                                                               Bulgaria
                                                        

                                                               Croatia
                                                        

                                                               Czech Republic
                                                        

                                                               Denmark
                                                        

                                                               Estonia
                                                        

                                                               Faroe Islands
                                                        

                                                               Finland
                                                        

                                                               France
                                                        

                                                               Germany
                                                        

                                                               Gibraltar
                                                        

                                                               Greece
                                                        

                                                               Guernsey
                                                        

                                                               Hungary
                                                        

                                                               Iceland
                                                        

                                                               Ireland
                                                        

                                                               Isle of Man
                                                        

                                                               Italy
                                                        

                                                               Jersey
                                                        

                                                               Kosovo
                                                        

                                                               Latvia
                                                        

                                                               Liechtenstein
                                                        

                                                               Lithuania
                                                        

                                                               Luxembourg
                                                        

                                                               Macedonia
                                                        

                                                               Malta
                                                        

                                                               Moldova
                                                        

                                                               Monaco
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands
                                                        

                                                               Norway
                                                        

                                                               Poland
                                                        

                                                               Portugal
                                                        

                                                               Romania
                                                        

                                                               San Marino
                                                        

                                                               Scotland
                                                        

                                                               Serbia and Montenegro
                                                        

                                                               Slovakia
                                                        

                                                               Slovenia
                                                        

                                                               Spain
                                                        

                                                               Sweden
                                                        

                                                               Switzerland
                                                        

                                                               Ukraine
                                                        

                                                               United Kingdom
                                                        

                                                            Global
                                                        

                                                            Middle East
                                                        

                                                               Bahrain
                                                        

                                                               Cyprus
                                                        

                                                               Gaza Strip
                                                        

                                                               Iran
                                                        

                                                               Iraq
                                                        

                                                               Israel
                                                        

                                                               Jordan
                                                        

                                                               Kuwait
                                                        

                                                               Lebanon
                                                        

                                                               Oman
                                                        

                                                               Palestinian Territories
                                                        

                                                               Qatar
                                                        

                                                               Saudi Arabia
                                                        

                                                               Syria
                                                        

                                                               United Arab Emirates
                                                        

                                                               Yemen
                                                        

                                                            North America
                                                        

                                                               Bermuda
                                                        

                                                               Canada
                                                        

                                                               Greenland
                                                        

                                                               Mexico
                                                        

                                                               United States
                                                        

                                                            Oceania
                                                        

                                                               American Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Australia
                                                        

                                                               Cook Islands
                                                        

                                                               Fiji
                                                        

                                                               French Polynesia
                                                        

                                                               Guam
                                                        

                                                               Kiribati
                                                        

                                                               Marshall Islands
                                                        

                                                               Micronesia, Federated States of
                                                        

                                                               Nauru
                                                        

                                                               New Caledonia
                                                        

                                                               New Zealand
                                                        

                                                               Niue
                                                        

                                                               Norfolk Island
                                                        

                                                               Northern Mariana Islands
                                                        

                                                               Palau
                                                        

                                                               Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Solomon Islands
                                                        

                                                               Tonga
                                                        

                                                               Tuvalu
                                                        

                                                               Vanuatu
                                                        

                                                            South America
                                                        

                                                               Argentina
                                                        

                                                               Bolivia
                                                        

                                                               Brazil
                                                        

                                                               Chile
                                                        

                                                               Colombia
                                                        

                                                               Ecuador
                                                        

                                                               Falkland Islands
                                                        

                                                               French Guiana
                                                        

                                                               Guyana
                                                        

                                                               Paraguay
                                                        

                                                               Peru
                                                        

                                                               Suriname
                                                        

                                                               Uruguay
                                                        

                                                               Venezuela
                                                        





 Search 











Japan Business Process Outsourcing Service Providers Business Status 2017
Jul 28, 2017  | USD 4,500
...Future Outlook Essential Guidance Synopsis This IDC study summarizes business trends among major providers in the Japan BPO services market. New technologies to support digital transformation (DX) continue to be introduced, with automation being a ... Read More


Japan Traditional IT Infrastructure Market Shares, 2016: The 2nd Platform Experienced Reactionary Fall
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 4,500
...the Japan enterprise IT infrastructure market.In the user survey Japan Enterprise IT Infrastructure Survey, 2017 (IDC #JPJ41773917, April 2017) conducted by IDC in March, users cited the following as issues faced in mission-critical business systems: ... Read More


Western Europe IT Services Market Shares, 2016: Top 30 Vendors
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 4,500
...proposition. Vendors with these capabilities had solid growth in 2016, several of which had double-digit growth, while those with large activity in traditional outsourcing found it hard to compensate for the decline in this space ... Read More


IDC MaturityScape Benchmark: DevOps in  the United States, 2017
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 4,500
...(IDC #US42308417, February 2017). Together, they provide a comprehensive overview of IDC's DevOps maturity model. This document enables organizations to:Assess their current level of DevOps competency and maturity.Benchmark DevOps maturity against the maturity level of ... Read More


Japan Small and Medium-Sized Business Market IT Spending Forecast by Vertical Segment, 2017-2021
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 4,500
...2017 to 2021 by company size, product, and industry, based on the latest economic situation and product information gathered from vendor surveys up to March 2017. IDC forecasts that the Japan SMB IT market will ... Read More


IDC PlanScape: Digitally Enabled Thinking Supply Chain
Jul 21, 2017  | USD 4,500
...Digitally Enabled Supply Chain with Manufacturing Use Cases (IDC #US42434217, April 2017), followed by this document, an IDC TechScape, and then ultimately a series of IDC MarketScape documents as capabilities mature. The purpose of this ... Read More


VeriFone Systems: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Business Equipment Market
Jul 20, 2017  | USD 1,450
...the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented business equipment market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions ... Read More


Turkey B2C E-Commerce Market 2017
Jul 20, 2017  | USD 900
...spurred the strong double-digit growth rate of online sales over the recent years in Turkey. Nevertheless, only about one in three of connected consumers actually completed online purchases in 2016, revealing the lack of trust ... Read More


IDC PlanScape: Patient Engagement for Digital Transformation
Jul 19, 2017  | USD 4,500
...why, what, who, and how of patient engagement for digital transformation as well as outlines key players, critical success factors, and actions to consider. This IDC PlanScape is intended for IT buyers such as CIOs, ... Read More


CGI Group Inc. (GIB.A) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Jul 18, 2017  | USD 125
...to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to ... Read More


Scientific Games Corporation (SGMS) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Jul 18, 2017  | USD 125
...to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to ... Read More


Canadian ICT Forecast, 2017–2021
Jul 18, 2017  | USD 4,500
...Forecast, 2016–2020 (IDC #CA40623616, June 2016)."The Canadian ICT market hit a milestone in 2016 as it goes through a transition to the 3rd Platform. For the first time, ever, Canadian ICT spending surpassed C$100 billion ... Read More


Poland B2C E-Commerce Market 2017
Jul 14, 2017  | USD 900
...Though more advanced European markets have better Internet and online shopper penetration rates, Poland’s E-Commerce sales for 2016 maintained a higher growth rate than the regional average, as revealed in the yStats.com report. E-Commerce growth ... Read More


IDC PeerScape: Practices for Quality Management
Jul 14, 2017  | USD 4,500
...feedback from quality management vendors on customer implementations. It is not intended to be a comprehensive list of best practices but rather an analysis of five leading practices we have observed through recent vendor and ... Read More


SolarWinds, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 125
...employees, key competitors and major products and services. This up-to-the-minute company report will help you to formulate strategies to drive your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better. Scope Business ... Read More


Riverbed Technology, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 125
...key employees, key competitors and major products and services. This up-to-the-minute company report will help you to formulate strategies to drive your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better. Scope ... Read More


Qatar Information Technology Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...strong platform for furthergrowth over the medium term. The outlook did weaken slightly in 2017 with the diplomatic spat betweenQatar and Saudi Arabia, which will threaten economic performance and IT market development if thesituation deteriorates ... Read More


Cryptzone AB - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 125
...employees, key competitors and major products and services. This up-to-the-minute company report will help you to formulate strategies to drive your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better. Scope Business ... Read More


Global Data Analytics Outsourcing Market 2017-2021
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 3,500
...arriving at decisions based on the outcome of the data analysis. Organizations generate a tremendous amount of data from departments such as HR, procurement, production, and sales and marketing. Data analysis is used to infer ... Read More


Stefanini TechTeam, Inc. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 125
...key employees, key competitors and major products and services. This up-to-the-minute company report will help you to formulate strategies to drive your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better. Scope ... Read More


Global IT-as-a-service 2017-2021
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 3,500
...with an optimum level of flexibility and scalability. ITaaS is emerging in the global IT service market to tackle several of these issues, relieving the leadership of justifying IT investments over the bottom line. However, ... Read More


Guest-Tek Interactive Entertainment Ltd. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 125
...company’s key employees, key competitors and major products and services. This up-to-the-minute company report will help you to formulate strategies to drive your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better. ... Read More


India Information Technology Report Q3 2017
Jul 12, 2017  | USD 1,345
...of rising household incomes - and the lowpenetration rates for devices and solutions. However, the contraction in demand for PCs (tablets andnotebooks) as well as low-end printers and networking equipment resulted in a sharp drop ... Read More


Russia B2C E-Commerce Market 2017
Jul 11, 2017  | USD 1,100
...growing online retail markets in Europe according to results from 2016 cited in the yStats.com report. B2C E-Commerce sales from last year made for a double-digit growth rate after having recovered from a weaker development ... Read More


Global Advanced Persistent Threat Protection Market Forecast 2017-2025
Jul 11, 2017  | USD 2,500
...Gained deployment of cloud technology and high spending on IT security is the primary market drivers in the advanced persistent threat protection market. MARKET INSIGHTS The global persistent threat protection market is segmented on the ... Read More



< prev 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
  next > 




Start New Browse


Consumer Goods
Food & Beverage
Heavy Industry
Life Sciences
Marketing & Market Research
Public Sector
Service Industries
Technology & Media
 Company Reports
Reports by Country
View all Market Areas
View all Publishers




































