

Recall of Chinese medicine product (with photo)



























	      Recall of Chinese medicine product (with photo)

	    ***********************************************

	         The Department of Health (DH) today (May 7) urged members of the public not to buy or take three batches of a Chinese medicine product  called Royal Medic No.1 Chinese Caterpillar Fungus (±sÃÄ°ó¦èÂÃÀY´Á³¥¥Í¯Â¥VÂÎ®L¯ó) as the microbial content were found to have exceeded the maximum permitted limit.     A DH spokesman said the wholesaler, Royal Medic (Holdings) Ltd. (±sÃÄ°ó(±±ªÑ)¦³­­¤½¥q), was instructed to recall the product from market and to surrender them to DH. The concerned lot numbers are RM 630021, RM 630023 and RM 6300026.     "Under pCm registration system in Hong Kong, a product must fulfill, among other things, requirement for microbial limits. The microbial count is an indicator of hygiene standard.      "The Department has not received any report of adverse drug reactions linked to the product so far," he added.     Members of the public who have purchased the concerned batch of the product are advised to stop using it, dispose of or surrender it to the Pharmaceutical Service of DH at 3/F, Public Health Laboratory Centre, 382 Nam Cheong Street, Kowloon during office hours.     The DH investigation came after the receipt of a report regarding a number of Chinese medicine products of Caterpillar Fungus (¥VÂÎ®L¯ó) in the market.       DH took samples of the related products from the market for testing and found that the bacterial count of the Royal Medic No.1 Chinese Caterpillar Fungus exceeds the permitted limit.          Members of the public can call the wholesaler's hotline at 2877 8866 for matters related to recall of the product.      DH has also set up a telephone enquiry service at 2319 5119 for members of the public during office hours.



  	  Ends/Monday, May 7, 2007Issued at HKT 19:45

  	  	NNNN













News Archives | 
         
Yesterday's News









Iron Mountain Completes Acquisition of Recall | Iron Mountain











































































Menu
Search





Sales 1-800-899-4766

Search





Choose CountryAfricaSouth Africa - EnglishAsia PacificAustralia - EnglishChina - English中国 - 简体中文Hong Kong - English香港 - 繁體中文Malaysia - EnglishPhilippines - EnglishSingapore - Englishประเทศไทย - ไทย台灣 - 繁體中文India - EnglishIndonesia - EnglishNew Zealand - EnglishEurope, Middle EastBelgië - NederlandsBelgique - Français Belgium - EnglishČeská republika - ČeštinaDanmark - DanskDeutschland - DeutschEspaña - EspañolFinland - EnglishFrance - FrançaisΕλλάδα - Ελληνικά (Greece)Ireland - EnglishIsrael - EnglishMagyarország - MagyarNederland - NederlandsNorge - NorskÖsterreich - DeutschPolska - PolskiRomânia - RomânăРоссия – Pусский (Russia)Switzerland - EnglishSchweiz - DeutschSuisse - FrenchSlovensko - SlovenskySrbija - SrpskiSweden - EnglishTürkiye – TürkçeУкраина - РусскийUnited Kingdom - EnglishLatin AmericaArgentina - EspañolBrasil - PortuguêsChile - EspañolColombia - EspañolPeru - EspañolNorth AmericaCanada - EnglishCanada - FrançaisMéxico - EspañolUnited States - English
Support & Information CenterSelf Help & Information CenterContact SupportAlerts & PreparednessMy AccountsCustomer Information CenterInformation Economics AcademyPay Your Bill OnlineStay In TouchContact SalesContact SalesContact DirectoryLoginIron Mountain ConnectSecureSyncPay My Bill OnlineReQuest Web (Recall)





 









HomeAbout UsCompany NewsIron Mountain Completes Acquisition of Recall


Press Releases





Iron Mountain Completes Acquisition of Recall

Acquisition strengthens global footprint, opens up new markets and enhances service delivery
BOSTON – May 2, 2016 – Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM), the global leader in storage and information management services, today announced the completion of its acquisition of Recall Holdings Limited as a primarily stock transaction for approximately $2 billion (US). With the acquisition, Iron Mountain acquires the entirety of Recall’s global operations, including all facilities, vehicles, employees and customer assets and excluding operations to be divested in accordance with regulatory agreements in the United States, Canada and Australia; the acquisition of the Recall business in the UK remains subject to regulatory review. Additionally, Iron Mountain appointed Recall directors Neil Chatfield and Wendy Murdock to its Board of Directors, who are included among director nominees standing for election at the company’s upcoming Annual Meeting of Stockholders on June 17, 2016.
Increasing regulations, ongoing security threats, and the need to turn data into business value has elevated both the complexity and priority of managing information and assets. From business records to data to valuable items like art, the stakes have never been higher for organizations of all sizes to ensure their most critical assets are protected while able to be accessed immediately. They require a partner located where they are with the right combination of trust and security to protect what matters most, while also providing expertise and product and services designed to get the most out of those assets. And they need to be sure that as their business matures and changes, their partner can scale with them – supporting their growth across geographies and into new industries.
“Today marks an important milestone for Iron Mountain, and we welcome our new colleagues from Recall as well as their customers and shareholders into our company,” said William L. Meaney, president and CEO of Iron Mountain. “This acquisition significantly boosts our vision to serve as the trusted guardians of our customers’ most important assets, as it expands both our services and footprint for better assisting them with their storage and information management needs. That trust is a cornerstone of our business, whether it’s securing the strategic value of information and assets or continuing to develop innovative products and services that give customers improved access, control and value from those assets. We’re now strongly positioned to deliver on our strategic and financial goals, drawing on the combined capabilities and expertise of both companies to ensure a superior customer experience across the globe.”
For more on Iron Mountain’s acquisition of Recall, please visit www.ironmountain.com/Iron-Mountain-Recall-Acquisition.aspx.
About Iron Mountain
Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) is the global leader for storage and information management services. Trusted by more than 220,000 organizations around the world, Iron Mountain boasts a real estate network of more than 80 million square feet across more than 1,350 facilities in 45 countries dedicated to protecting and preserving what matters most for its customers. Iron Mountain’s solutions portfolio includes records management, data management, document management, data centers, art storage and logistics, and secure shredding help organizations to lower storage costs, comply with regulations, recover from disaster, and better use their information. Founded in 1951, Iron Mountain stores and protects billions of information assets, including critical business documents, electronic information, medical data and cultural and historical artifacts. Visit www.ironmountain.com for more information.

Share this page:





 




Iron Mountain on Twitter
Tweets by @IronMountainFollow @IronMountain






















Get a Free Quote 
1-800-899-4766 













































Recalls | Bicycle Retailer and Industry News



































Skip to main content





 
 








Sign up for email newsletter






Search form

Search 





 








      Facebook




      Twitter




      YouTube



      Instagram







 

 
 




Sections+-



Industry NewsNorth AmericaInternationalStudies/ReportsRetail NewsOpinionProductsNew ProductsRecallsArchivesClassifiedsCalendarAdvertiseSubscribeContact 

 











 

 
 








You are hereHome » Product/Tech 




Recalls 











 Superpedestrian says wheel recall already resolved 
 

Posted July 12, 2017

 
 CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (BRAIN) — Superpedestrian, the maker of the Copenhagen electric-powered wheel, said it resolved its recall in April, although the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission announced the recall on Tuesday.
  

 Superpedestrian e-bike conversion wheels recalled over axle concerns 
 

Posted July 11, 2017

 
  
 WASHINGTON (BRAIN) — Superpedestrian is recalling about 230 of its Copenhagen wheels, which convert a regular bike to electric power. The company said the wheels' rear axle can fail, posing a fall and crash hazard.
No injuries have been reported as a result of the issue.  

 Advanced Composites recalls about 40 Wound Up tandem forks 
 

Posted June 16, 2017

 
  
 WASHINGTON (BRAIN) — Advanced Composites Inc. is recalling about 40 Wound Up carbon fiber tandem forks that were sold in 2015. The fork leg can crack, the company said. 
The company, based in Salt Lake City, Utah, has received one report of a cracked fork leg.   

 GT recalling some 2017 mountain bikes because of concerns about handlebar 
 

Posted June 8, 2017

 
  
 WASHINGTON (BRAIN) — Cycling Sports Group is recalling about 1,240 GT mountain bikes because the handlebars can crack.
GT sold about 1,000 of the bikes in the U.S. and 240 in Canada.   

 Profile Design recalling Cobra S stems 
 

Posted May 9, 2017

 
 Nearly 10,000 stems were sold in the aftermarket and as OE spec. 
  
 WASHINGTON (BRAIN) — Profile Design is recalling about 9,700 Cobra S handlebar stems because the carbon-wrapped stems can corrode and break.  

 Chromag recalling about 100 stems to replace bolts 
 

Posted April 26, 2017

 
  
 WASHINGTON (BRAIN) — Riser Holdings Ltd., of Canada, the parent of Chromag Bikes is recalling about 100 stems because the clamping bolts may be prone to breaking when tightened.  

 Marin recalling about 470 mountain bikes over rigid fork concerns 
 

Posted April 6, 2017

 
  
 NOVATO, Calif. (BRAIN) — Marin Mountain Bikes is recalling about 470 bikes, in the U.S. and Canada, because the rigid forks can bend or break during use. The company has received four reports of forks bending, with no injuries reported.  

 Look Cycle recalls about 800 stems 
 

Posted March 28, 2017

 
  
 WASHINGTON (BRAIN) — Look Cycle is recalling about 800 Look Cycle Aerostems sold separately or as original equipment on some road bikes from model year 2014 through 2017. The carbon fiber stems have stainless steel clamps that can corrode and break, according to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission.  

 CPSC lists recall that Haibike announced last month 
 

Posted March 23, 2017

 
  
 WASHINGTON (BRAIN) — The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission has now listed Haibike's e-bike recall, which the company announced on Feb. 14.  

 ASI recalls some Fuji bikes because of freehub concern 
 

Posted March 15, 2017

 
  
 PHILADELPHIA (BRAIN) — Advanced Sports International is recalling about 650 road bikes because the bikes' freehubs can slip while the rider is pedaling. The company is replacing the freehub bodies on the bikes.   

 Haibike recalls several models over fork concerns 
 

Posted February 14, 2017

 
 Editor's note: the U.S. CPSC listed this recall on March 23.  

 Trek recalls 720 Disc bikes and 24-spoke front and rear wheels 
 

Posted January 19, 2017

 
  
 WATERLOO, Wis. (BRAIN) — Trek is issuing a voluntary recall of model year 2015, 2016 and 2017 Trek 720 Disc bicycles as well as Bontrager Approved TLR Disc 700c 24-spoke front and rear wheels.
The recall affects 1,529 bikes globally, Trek said.  

 Trek recalling some Bontrager lights 
 

Posted December 14, 2016

 
  
 WATERLOO, Wis. (BRAIN) — Trek is recalling some Bontrager Flare RT and Bontrager Ion 700 RT lights because the lights can turn off without warning when paired with a remote transmitter.   

 GoPro recalling bad Karma drones 
 

Posted November 9, 2016

 
 SAN MATEO, Calif. (BRAIN) — GoPro is recalling its Karma drones because they can lose power suddenly during operation. The company is giving all GoPro purchasers who return their Karma a full refund.  

 Trek issues nationwide recall of select 2014 and 2015 Farley models 
 

Posted November 2, 2016

 
  
 WATERLOO, Wis. (BRAIN) — Trek is working with the Consumer Product Safety Commission to recall 2014 Farley and 2015 Farley 6 bikes, as well as the framesets of both models.  

 Fox gets CPSC approval for shock recall 
 

Posted November 1, 2016

 
  
 WASHINGTON (BRAIN) — The Consumer Product Safety Commission and Canadian authorities have approved Fox Factory's recall of 6,100 Fox Float X2 Shocks in the U.S and 1,200 of the shocks in Canada.  

 Fox plans to recall some Float X2 shocks; tells suppliers and retailers to stop sales now 
 

Posted October 12, 2016

 
 SCOTTS VALLEY, Calif. (BRAIN) — Fox Factory is advising bike owners with certain Float X2 shocks on their bikes to stop using the bikes; the company also is telling bike suppliers and retailers to stop selling bikes with the shocks until further instructed.  

 Specialized recalling some Venge ViAS frames over derailleur hanger concerns 
 

Posted October 11, 2016

 
 MORGAN HILL, Calif. (BRAIN) — Specialized is recalling about 1,000 model year 2016 Venge ViAS frames because the rear wheel can come out of the dropout.  

 ASI recalls some Breezer and Fuji bikes over seatpost concerns 
 

Posted September 27, 2016

 
 WASHINGTON (BRAIN) — Advanced Sports International is recalling some Fuji and Breezer bikes because the top clamp of the seatpost can crack, posing a fall hazard to the user.  

 Child's helmet sold by Canadian Tire being recalled 
 

Posted September 19, 2016

 
  
 TORONTO (BRAIN) — Stoneridge Cycle Ltd. is recalling two models of its bicycle helmets for children. The recalled products may have the inner foam liner in the helmet detach from the outer plastic shell, which poses a head injury hazard.  

Pages123456789…next ›last »
 

  









 








 








 








 








 

 









 






Tweets from @BicycleRetailer/bike-industry-tweeters



 









Upcoming Events




 Jul 31 to Aug 06 
 Tour of Utah 
 Utah  

 Jul 31 to Aug 06 
 USA Cycling Elite & Junior National Track Championships 
 Carson, Calif.   

 Aug 01 to Aug 03 
 QBP SaddleDrive 
 Northstar, Truckee, Calif.  

 Aug 03 to Aug 06 
 Downieville Classic 
 Downieville, Calif.   


View all events » 

 

 
 






News

Industry News
Opinion/Analysis
Product/Tech
Retail News
 

 




Resources

Industry Stocks
Videos
Surveys
Calendar
 

 




Contact

Staff Directory
Contact Us
 



Classifieds

Browse Classifieds
Submit a Classified
 

 




Advertising

Advertising Info
 



Subscribe

Subscribe
Newsletter
Latest Issue
 

 






Search form

Search 





 




 25431 Cabot Road, Suite 204 Laguna Hills, CA 92653 This website copyright © 2012. All rights reserved 








      Facebook




      Twitter




      YouTube



      Instagram




 
 

 
 
















Product Recalls |  Kmart | About Us | Sears Holdings Corporation




Close search bar

















Search




Mobile Navigation



Sears Holdings Corporation

















Product Recalls

Below is a current list of items that have been sold by Kmart, which are subject to recall. Click on a product link for information on actions you should take if you purchased any of the items listed. Kmart updates this recall list on a regular basis.
For more information on recalled products, visit www.recalls.gov. This web site is a partnership among six federal agencies. Visitors to www.recalls.gov can also access other important safety notices and sign up for e-mail announcements on new recalls and consumer news.
Also, to see the list of dietary supplements that the FDA has banned and considers to pose health risks, click here.




   DATE


PRODUCT / MANUFACTURER



06-28-17
South Shore Expands Recall of Chest of Drawers Due to Serious Tip-Over and Entrapment Hazards


05-26-17
Cordless Electric Lawn Mowers Recalled Due to Fire Hazard; Made by Hongkong Sun Rise Trading


04-20-17
Razor Recalls RipStik Motorized Caster Boards Due to Fall Hazard


04-11-17
Anaheim and Moen Recall Garbage Disposals Due to Impact Hazard


03-07-17
Craftsman Portable Table Saws Made by Rexon Recalled Due to Laceration and Impact Injury Hazards; Sold Exclusively at Sears


02-23-17
Little Tikes Recalls Toddler Swings Due to Fall Hazard


02-16-17
Britax Recalls Strollers Due to Fall Hazard


02-07-17
Sony Expands Recall of VAIO Laptop Computer Battery Packs Due to Burn and Fire Hazards


01-31-17
South Shore Recalls Chests of Drawers Due to Serious Tip-Over and Entrapment Hazards


01-24-17
HP Expands Recall of Batteries for HP and Compaq Notebook Computers Due to Fire and Burn Hazards


01-04-17
Toshiba Expands Recall of Laptop Computer Battery Packs Due to Burn and Fire Hazards


12-16-16
LG Electronics Recalls Portable Air Conditioners Due to Fire Hazard


11-30-16
IMUSA Recalls Espresso Makers Due to Impact and Burn Hazards


11-29-16
Gree Reannounces Dehumidifier Recall Following 450 Fires and $19 Million in Property Damage; Brand Names Include Frigidaire, Soleus Air, Kenmore and Others


11-04-16
Samsung Recalls Top-Load Washing Machines Due to Risk of Impact Injuries


10-06-16
Summer Infant Recalls Infant Bath Tubs Due to Risk of Impact Injury and Drowning


10-04-16
Sargent Art Recalls Craft Paints Due to Risk of Exposure to Bacteria


09-27-16
SmartPool Recalls Pool Alarms Due to Failure to Alert Consumers


08-24-16
Dorel Juvenile Recalls Safety 1st Strollers Due to Fall Hazard


07-14-16
Three Types of Liquid Plumr Clog Removers Recalled by The Clorox Company Due to Failure to Meet Child-Resistant Closure Requirement


07-07-16
Pacific Cycle Recalls Swivel Wheel Jogging Strollers Due to Crash and Fall Hazards


06-23-16
HP Recalls Batteries for HP and Compaq Notebook Computers Due to Fire and Burn Hazards


06-15-16
Sony Recalls VAIO Laptop Computer Battery Packs Due to Burn and Fire Hazards


06-10-16
Auldey Toys Recalls Sky Rover Toys Due to Fire Hazard


06-02-16
LaRose Industries Recalls Cra-Z-Jewelz Ultimate Gem Jewelry Machine Due to Violation of Lead Standard


03-30-16
Toshiba Recalls Laptop Computer Battery Packs Due to Burn and Fire Hazards


02-02-16
Microsoft Recalls AC Power Cords for Surface Pro Devices Due to Fire, Shock Hazards


01-22-16
Britax Recalls Strollers and Replacement Top Seats Due to Choking Hazard









Overview
Awards & Recognitions

Business Opportunities

Our Culture
Government Affairs



Sears

About Sears
Sears History





Kmart

About Kmart
Kmart History
Corporate Timeline
Multicultural Initiatives
Product Recalls





Brands

Sears
Kmart
Shop Your Way
Kenmore
DieHard
Sears Auto Center
Sears Home Services












	©2017 Sears Brands, LLC














Product Safety（METI）


















To available all function, please enable the Javascript.




Main Content
FAQ
Site Map





Font Size ChangeSML













Home
About METI
Information
Policies
Statistics
Contact Us
日本語










Policies
Policy Index 
Safety and Security
Product Safety







Japanese
Print




			Product Safety
			









Electrical Appliance and Material Safety Law


				 





	Press Releases and Related Information



Recall of Battery Packs for Cell Phones (Smartphones) Imported by UPQ Inc. (Free Product Replacement)(July 24, 2017)


Recall of Storage Furniture (Microwave Cabinet) Imported by Nitori Holdings Co., Ltd. (Free Product Parts Replacement) (June 09, 2017)


Recall of Water Dispensers Imported by Suisosum Co., Ltd. (Free Product Replacement) (March 17, 2017)


Recall of Hot-Water-Circulation Ventilator-Dryer-Heater Apparatuses for Bathrooms Manufactured by Noritz Corporation and Harman Co., Ltd. (Free Product Inspection and Parts Replacement)  (March 16, 2017)


Recall of Aquarium Water Chillers Sold by Gex. Co., Ltd. (Free Product Replacement) (February 7, 2017)


Recall of Electric Fans Imported by Panasonic Ecology Systems Co., Ltd. and Sold by Panasonic Corporation (Product Replacement and Installation) (January 24, 2017)


Recall of Battery Chargers with a Built-In Lithium Battery Imported by Hac, Co., Ltd. (Recall of Products and Refund) (November 18, 2016)


Announcement of Winners of the FY 2016 Tenth METI Minister’s Awards for Best Contributors to Product Safety (November 7, 2016)


Recall of Lighting Equipment with a Built-in Sensor Imported by Niigata Seiki Co., Ltd. and Sold by Cainz Corporation (Product Replacement) (September 28, 2016)


Recall of Batteries for Electric assist Bicycles Manufactured by Panasonic Cycle Technology Co., Ltd. (Product Replacement) (September 26, 2016)





Recall of Water Dispensers Imported by Water Direct Corporation and Sold by Premium Water Inc. (Replacement of Component) (September 6, 2016)

Recall of Dehumidifiers Imported by IRIS OHYAMA INC. (Product Inspection and Repair) (August 24, 2016)

Recall of Elastic Tube Exercise Equipment Imported by Cross Work Co., Ltd. (Product Recall) (July 8, 2016)

Recall of Aquarium Thermostat Heaters Sold by Gex. Co., Ltd. (Free Product Inspection and Product Replacement) (June 2, 2016)

Recall of Pressure Cookers Imported by SIS Co., Ltd. (Product Recall) (April 26, 2016)

Recall of Electric Heaters (Carbon Heaters) Imported by Sugiyama Spinning and Weaving Co., Ltd. (Product Inspection and Repair) (April 15, 2016)

Recall of Electric Heaters (Carbon Heaters) Imported by YUASA PRIMUS CO., LTD. (Inspection and Repair) (March 22, 2016)

Recall of Shelves (for Washstands) Produced by Takara Standard Co., Ltd. (Inspection, Free of Charge and on a Voluntary Basis) (February 9, 2016)

Recall of Battery Cartridges for Rechargeable Vacuum Cleaners Imported by Iris Ohyama, Inc. (Product Replacement) (February 8, 2016)

Recall of Battery Packs Installed in Laptop Computers Manufactured by Panasonic Corporation (Product Replacement) (January 28, 2016)

Recall of Battery Packs Installed in Laptop Computers Imported by Toshiba Corporation (Product Replacement) (January 28, 2016)

Recall of Electric Fan Heaters (Ceramic Fan Heaters) Imported by Sengoku Works, Ltd. and Sold by Koizumi Seiki Corp. (Product Replacement) (January 20, 2016)

Recall of Batteries (Lithium Polymer) Sold by Ambientec Corporation (Recall of the Products and Refund) (November 20, 2015)

Announcement of Winners of the FY 2015 Ninth METI Minister’s Awards for Best Contributors to Product Safety (November 2, 2015)

Recall of Extension Cords Imported by Seria Co., Ltd., (September 24, 2015)

Recall of Electric Refrigerators Imported by Sharp Corporation (September 7, 2015)

Voluntary Recall and Replacement of Battery Packs Installed in Laptop Computers Sold by Fujitsu Limited (August 27, 2015)

Recall of Batteries for Electric Assist Bicycles Sold by Panasonic Cycle Technology Co., Ltd. (Product Replacement)(July 27, 2015)

Global Expansion of Information Sharing Network on Patent Applications and Examinations(July 17, 2015)

Recall of Folding Tables Imported and Sold by Nissen Co., Ltd. (Recall of the Products and Refund)(June 23, 2015)

Let’s Protect Ourselves from Product Accidents (Brief Introduction for Kids) (PDF:392KB) (June 16, 2015)

Recall of Bathroom Heating/Ventilating/Drying Units Manufactured by MAX Co., Ltd. (Replacement of components at no cost)(June 3, 2015)

Recall of Imported Humidifiers Sold by Yamazen Corporation (Collection of Products and Refund)(January 21, 2015)

Recall of Batteries for Electric-motor-assisted Bicycles Imported by Kanda Musen Denki (Product Replacement)(December 15, 2014)

Announcement of Winners of the FY2014 Eighth METI Minister’s Awards for Best Contributors to Product Safety(November 10, 2014)

Recall of Air Conditioners and Air Purifiers Manufactured by Daikin Industries, Ltd. (Free Inspection and Repair)(October 17, 2014)

Announcement of the Draft JIS concerning Children’s Clothing (New Safety Standard for Cords and Drawstrings)(June 24, 2014)

Alert to Purchasers to Stop Using Bathroom-installed Heater Dryers Manufactured by Harman Pro Co., Ltd. (currently Harman Co., Ltd.)(May 29, 2014)

Recall of Laptop Computer Battery Packs Manufactured by Panasonic Corporation (Replacement of the Products)(May 28, 2014)

Recall of Laser Printers Manufactured by Fuji Xerox Co., Ltd. (Parts Replacement)(May 28, 2014)

Recall of Electric Clothes Dryers Manufactured by Sanyo Electric Co., Ltd. (Free Inspection and Repair)(May 19, 2014)

Recall of Coffee Machines Imported by Kalita Co., Ltd. (Refund or Replacement of the Products)(May 15, 2014)

Recall of Laptop Computers Sold by Sony Corporation (Free Repair)(April 24, 2014)

Recall of Electric Kettles (T-fal) Imported by Groupe SEB Japan Co., Ltd. (Replacement)(April 17, 2014)

Recall of Electric Carpets Manufactured by Panasonic Corporation (Parts Replacement)(April 16, 2014)

Recall of Electric Washing and Drying Machines Imported by Toshiba Home Appliances Corporation (Free Product Inspection and Repair) (February 4, 2014)



Summary of The Long-term Use Consumer Product Safety Inspection and Indication System(pdf:856KB)





		Last updated：2017-07-27
	
to TOP










Help
links
Terms of Use
Legal matters
Privacy policy

Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry1-3-1 Kasumigaseki, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-8901, Japan Tel: +81-(0)3-3501-1511 
Copyright Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry. All Rights Reserved.







VICTOR GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED (ACN: 165378834)









    Home    


Product & Service


Investor Relations


Corporate Governance


Contact









			  Victor Group Holdings Limited is the parent company of Hong Kong Victor International Enterprise Co., Limited (a company incorporated in Hong Kong) which in turn has a wholly-owned subsidiaries (incorporated in the PRC) and Synergy One Holdings Limited (a company incorporated in Cayman) which in turn has a wholly-owned subsidiaries incorporated in the BVI, HK and PRC. Together, these companies make up the Group. The Group is the owner and operator of a business advisory and enterprise management consulting business in the PRC.
		  

							The Victor Group is a consulting firm specialising in providing enterprise management services. They assist the entrepreneurs/management to better manage their company and provide advisory services in relation to most aspects of running a business (e.g. political, financial, legal, technological, behavioral etc.). Its operating model focuses on carrying out large-scale seminars and specific enterprise management consulting courses. Its current business involves providing Enterprise Management Consulting Services (EMCS) which include marketing management training and consulting courses that are currently delivered offline and face to face. Due to the decrease in traditional business and to take advantage of all aspects of modern digitalised business applications, the Victor Group expanded its existing business to various economic development zones in China through internet after the data center acquisition in June 2016.  
						

							After the completion of the acquisition, Yiya (a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in PRC) has commenced the use of that data centre to operate and provide Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) to the Company and other peer consulting firms. 
					  

							IaaS is a form of cloud computing that provides virtualised computing resources over the Internet. In an IaaS model, a third-party provider hosts hardware, software, servers, storage and other infrastructure components on behalf of its users.  IaaS providers also host users' applications and handle tasks including system maintenance, backup and resiliency planning.					


Corporate Development

 Covering the strategy and organization value chain (more)
Enterprise Management Training

 Enterprise Management Training Program (more)
Cloud Service

 Cloud has revolutionized business in ways impossible to imagine even a few short years ago.(more) 


 





 © Copyright 2011-2016. All rights reserved  | VICTOR GROUP HOLDINGS LIMITED (ACN: 165378834)  | DISCLAIMER: Website Terms and Conditions

 

 



 
















 Kmart | About Us | Sears Holdings Corporation




Close search bar

















Search




Mobile Navigation



Sears Holdings Corporation













About Kmart


A subsidiary of Sears Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ: SHLD), Kmart makes shopping fun for everyone. Most recognized for the iconic Bluelight Special and family-friendly in-store events for its customers and Shop Your Way® members, Kmart also boasts ridiculously awesome savings and amazing finds on quality products and exclusive brands including Jaclyn Smith, Adam Levine, Joe Boxer, Route 66 and Smart Sense. In addition to its unique offerings and thrilling deals, Kmart offers a variety of financial services including year-round layaway and leasing options. Kmart Pharmacy also features best-in-class patient care for its members and customers and is ranked #1 in Customer Satisfaction.
For more information, visit Kmart.com, download the Kmart mobile app or follow the conversation on social with #LifeIsRidiculouslyAwesome.






Overview
Awards & Recognitions

Business Opportunities

Our Culture
Government Affairs



Sears

About Sears
Sears History





Kmart

About Kmart
Kmart History
Corporate Timeline
Multicultural Initiatives
Product Recalls





Brands

Sears
Kmart
Shop Your Way
Kenmore
DieHard
Sears Auto Center
Sears Home Services












	©2017 Sears Brands, LLC








Data Backup - Records Management - Shredding - Data Centers | Iron Mountain













































































Menu
Search





Sales 1-800-899-4766

Search





Choose CountryAfricaSouth Africa - EnglishAsia PacificAustralia - EnglishChina - English中国 - 简体中文Hong Kong - English香港 - 繁體中文Malaysia - EnglishPhilippines - EnglishSingapore - Englishประเทศไทย - ไทย台灣 - 繁體中文India - EnglishIndonesia - EnglishNew Zealand - EnglishEurope, Middle EastBelgië - NederlandsBelgique - Français Belgium - EnglishČeská republika - ČeštinaDanmark - DanskDeutschland - DeutschEspaña - EspañolFinland - EnglishFrance - FrançaisΕλλάδα - Ελληνικά (Greece)Ireland - EnglishIsrael - EnglishMagyarország - MagyarNederland - NederlandsNorge - NorskÖsterreich - DeutschPolska - PolskiRomânia - RomânăРоссия – Pусский (Russia)Switzerland - EnglishSchweiz - DeutschSuisse - FrenchSlovensko - SlovenskySrbija - SrpskiSweden - EnglishTürkiye – TürkçeУкраина - РусскийUnited Kingdom - EnglishLatin AmericaArgentina - EspañolBrasil - PortuguêsChile - EspañolColombia - EspañolPeru - EspañolNorth AmericaCanada - EnglishCanada - FrançaisMéxico - EspañolUnited States - English
Support & Information CenterSelf Help & Information CenterContact SupportAlerts & PreparednessMy AccountsCustomer Information CenterInformation Economics AcademyPay Your Bill OnlineStay In TouchContact SalesContact SalesContact DirectoryLoginIron Mountain ConnectSecureSyncPay My Bill OnlineReQuest Web (Recall)





 



















                                        Information Management Solutions
                                        Over 230,000 customers trust us with their records management, information destruction and data backup & recovery.




                                                We will
                                            

Shred your business-sensitive paper
Protect, store and recover your data
Cut your costs by storing records securely




GET A FREE QUOTE











 
        Used by more than 95% of the Fortune 1000
        




                Records Storage
                        
            Free up valuable office space with secure offsite records storage service
        


                Secure Shredding
                        
            Cost-effective document shredding for businesses of any size
        


                Data Management
                        
            Separate your data from disaster with offsite tape vaulting and cloud backup services
        










From the Everyday to the Extraordinary
Whether we’re preserving humanity’s cultural heritage or backing up business data, we’re proud to be the trusted guardian of our customers’ important information and assets. Our new truck designs reflect this commitment.
Take a look behind the scenes.








Secure and Compliant: The Evolving Data Management StrategyRead the Iron Mountain cloud newsletter with Gartner to learn more about how to execute a security-first cloud strategy and governance policy. 
Download the free report








Shred or Recycle? No Need to Choose ›When your company partners with a secure shredding service that offers a certified recycling program, you're getting the best of both worlds. Learn more.Moving from Tape to Cloud? ›Learn what your IT peers are doing to best manage, protect and retain legacy data with this IDG survey. Learn more.Making Changes to Your Data Center?Choose Iron Mountain colocation and reduce TCO by 30%. Ideal for production, DR and hybrid IT initiatives. Learn more.












News and Events






					Presenting InfoGoTo.com, the New Destination for Professionals Who Govern and Manage Data and Information
				



					Iron Mountain Appoints Fidelma Russo as Chief Technology Officer
				



					Iron Mountain HIMSS 2017 Session to Focus on Importance of Data Quality & Integrity in Value-based Care
				



					Iron Mountain and Hyland Team Up to Improve Back-Office Processes
				



					Iron Mountain Data Centers Offer Customers 100 Percent Renewable Energy
				





View All News »

 















Get a Free Quote 
1-800-899-4766 
















































Recall (ASX:REC) - Dividend Yield, Dividend Payout Ratio & Ex Dividend Dates - Intelligent Investor



Skip to main content







Intelligent Investor Home
About Intelligent Investor
InvestSMART













Menu



Search


Search
Search



Search






















More on REC

Overview ›
Research ›
Q&A ›
Announcements ›
Reporting Dates ›
Dividends ›
Financial Data

Key Financials ›

 




Home





Companies





REC





Dividends




Recall (REC)



 
 

Dividends








 



















 
















 About Us | Sears Holdings Corporation




Close search bar

















Search




Mobile Navigation



Sears Holdings Corporation













Overview

Sears Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ: SHLD) is a leading integrated retailer focused on seamlessly connecting the digital and physical shopping experiences to serve our members - wherever, whenever and however they want to shop. Sears Holdings is home to Shop Your Way®, a social shopping platform offering members rewards for shopping at Sears and Kmart as well as with other retail partners across categories important to them. The company operates through its subsidiaries, including Sears, Roebuck and Co. and Kmart Corporation, with full-line and specialty retail stores across the United States.






Overview
Awards & Recognitions

Business Opportunities

Our Culture
Government Affairs



Sears

About Sears
Sears History





Kmart

About Kmart
Kmart History
Corporate Timeline
Multicultural Initiatives
Product Recalls





Brands

Sears
Kmart
Shop Your Way
Kenmore
DieHard
Sears Auto Center
Sears Home Services












	©2017 Sears Brands, LLC














Product recall – Kent oil fin heaters | Energy Safety











































[ Skip to Content ]




Home



                        
                        High contrast view on/off
                    

                        
                        Home
                    

                        
                        Contact us
                    



                                Follow us on Twitter
                            









Search



Submit









Ministry of Economic Development Home





About










Legislation and Policy










Appliances and Fittings










Installations and Networks










Consumer










Forms



















                                    
                                    Who is Energy Safety
                                



                                    
                                    How we work
                                



                                    
                                    What we do (and don’t do)
                                



                                    
                                    Feedback and complaints
                                



                                    
                                    Electrical industry structure
                                



                                    
                                    Gas industry structure
                                



                                    
                                    Compliance and enforcement policy
                                



                                    
                                    Definitions and Acronyms
                                








                                    
                                    External Organisations and Links
                                



                                    
                                    Government
                                



                                    
                                    Other public bodies
                                



                                    
                                    Supply industry
                                



                                    
                                    Installation industry
                                



                                    
                                    Other stakeholders and interests
                                



                                    
                                    Product recalls and general product safety
                                








                                    
                                    Publications
                                



                                    
                                    Annual Reports and Business Plans
                                



                                    
                                    Accident Summaries
                                



                                    
                                    Publications for consumers
                                



                                    
                                    Publications for industry
                                



                                    
                                    Surveys
                                



                                    
                                    Frequently asked questions
                                



                                    
                                    Electricity FAQs
                                



                                    
                                    Gas FAQs
                                



                                    
                                    Consumer FAQs
                                








                                    
                                    News and updates
                                



                                    
                                    News
                                



                                    
                                    Media releases
                                



                                    
                                    Energy Safety Business Update Newsletter
                                



                                    
                                    Our history - researching safety in NZ
                                











                                    
                                    Electricity Acts, regulations and codes
                                



                                    
                                    Electricity Act
                                



                                    
                                    Regulations for Electrical Safety
                                



                                    
                                    Regulatory Guidance Notes
                                



                                    
                                    Standards and Codes of Practice
                                



                                    
                                    Electricity Gazette Notices
                                



                                    
                                    Electricity Prohibition Notices
                                








                                    
                                    Gas Acts, regulations and codes
                                



                                    
                                    Gas Act
                                



                                    
                                    Gas Regulations
                                



                                    
                                    Standards and Codes of Practice 
                                



                                    
                                    Gas Gazette Notices 
                                



                                    
                                    Gas Prohibition Notices
                                








                                    
                                    Reviews and discussion documents
                                



                                    
                                    Consultation - Electrical Code of Practice
                                



                                    
                                    Historical reviews and discussion documents
                                



                                    
                                    Codes of Practice under review - now closed
                                








                                    
                                    Historical legislation
                                



                                    
                                    Electricity Acts and regulations
                                



                                    
                                    Gas Regulations 1993 and amendments
                                



                                    
                                    Energy Safety Review Bill changes
                                











                                    
                                    Electrical appliances and fittings
                                



                                    
                                    Core requirements
                                



                                    
                                    High risk products
                                



                                    
                                    Medium risk products
                                



                                    
                                    Second hand appliances
                                



                                    
                                    Operational safety
                                



                                    
                                    Product information
                                



                                    
                                    Historical regimes
                                








                                    
                                    Gas appliances and fittings
                                



                                    
                                    Core requirements
                                



                                    
                                    Supplier Declaration of Compliance
                                



                                    
                                    Certification Regime
                                



                                    
                                    Safety Compliance Label
                                








                                    
                                    Endorsement Regime
                                



                                    
                                    Specified Fittings
                                



                                    
                                    Declared Articles
                                



                                    
                                    Operational Safety
                                



                                    
                                    Product Information
                                








                                    
                                    Audits and Enforcement
                                



                                    
                                    Monitoring accidents, incidents and alerts
                                



                                    
                                    Audits and inspections
                                



                                    
                                    Enforcement
                                











                                    
                                    Electricity & Gas High-risk Database
                                



                                    
                                    User guide to the EGHR database
                                



                                    
                                    What is the Electricity and Gas High-risk Database
                                








                                    
                                    Electrical installations and networks
                                



                                    
                                    Who must comply
                                



                                    
                                    Low and extra low voltage electrical installations
                                



                                    
                                    Operational safety
                                



                                    
                                    High voltage electrical installations
                                



                                    
                                    Works
                                








                                    
                                    Gas installations and networks
                                



                                    
                                    Compliance framework
                                



                                    
                                    Who must comply
                                



                                    
                                    Gas installations
                                



                                    
                                    Operational safety
                                



                                    
                                    Distribution systems
                                








                                    
                                    Audits and enforcement
                                



                                    
                                    Monitoring accidents, incidents and alerts
                                



                                    
                                    Audits and inspections
                                



                                    
                                    Enforcement
                                



                                    
                                    Common audit trends
                                











                                    
                                    Safety alerts
                                



                                    
                                    Questions and Answers on how to charge your electric vehicle (EV) safely
                                



                                    
                                    Canister cooker safety advisory for consumers
                                



                                    
                                    Canister cooker safety advisory for suppliers
                                



                                    
                                    Two models of bathroom heater prohibited
                                



                                    
                                    Warning against consumers connecting gas to fixed appliances
                                



                                    
                                    Safety with LPG Refrigerators
                                



                                    
                                    Be aware of overhead lines before you build
                                



                                    
                                    Portable showers alert
                                



                                    
                                    Product recall – Kent oil fin heaters
                                



                                    More…
                                    
                                



                                    
                                    Inverters safety alert
                                



                                    
                                    Go 4 Green EnergySmart alert
                                



                                    
                                    Drybars heated clothes rack
                                



                                    
                                    Cabinet heater alert
                                



                                    
                                    Earthquake safety messages
                                



                                    
                                    Installing of under floor insulation alert
                                



                                    
                                    Dehumidifier safety message
                                



                                    
                                    Carbon monoxide hazards with LPG cabinet heaters and cookers
                                



                                    
                                    Installing your own light fittings
                                



                                    
                                    RCD recall
                                








                                    
                                    Safe living with electricity 
                                



                                    
                                    About electricity
                                



                                    
                                    Electrical equipment and appliances
                                



                                    
                                    Electrical wiring in your home
                                



                                    
                                    Electricity outdoors
                                



                                    
                                    Recreational safety
                                



                                    
                                    Getting electrical work done
                                



                                    
                                    Electrical safety devices
                                



                                    
                                    Children and electricity
                                



                                    
                                    What to do in an electrical emergency
                                



                                    
                                    Electrical safety checklist
                                








                                    
                                    Safe living with gas and LPG
                                



                                    
                                    What is LPG and natural gas?
                                



                                    
                                    Gas installations and appliances
                                



                                    
                                    Gas supply to your property
                                



                                    
                                    Gas recreational safety
                                



                                    
                                    Getting gas work done
                                



                                    
                                    Gas leaks
                                



                                    
                                    Service and product complaints
                                








                                    
                                    Buying and selling online
                                



                                    
                                    Buying electricity appliances and equipment
                                



                                    
                                    Buying gas appliances
                                



                                    
                                    Selling electrical appliances and equipment
                                



                                    
                                    Selling gas appliances
                                











                                    
                                    Which notification form should I complete?
                                



                                    
                                    Installation fault notice form
                                



                                    
                                    Product appliance complaint form
                                



                                    
                                    Event notification form
                                



                                    
                                    Online forms for detailing notified events
                                



                                    
                                    Electrical accident supplementary details form
                                



                                    
                                    Gas installation accident supplementary details form
                                








                                    
                                    Forms for Certification
                                



                                    
                                    Gasfitting Certification templates
                                



                                    
                                    Electrical Certification Templates
                                



                                    
                                    Record of Inspection (RoI)
                                



                                    
                                    Gas and electrical marks and labels
                                



                                    
                                    Gas label and mark
                                



                                    
                                    Electrical marks
                                



                                    
                                    Gas approved practitioner application
                                








                                    
                                    Declaration forms
                                



                                    
                                    Electrical Product Supplier Declaration of Conformity
                                



                                    
                                    Gas Regulations 1993 Tier 2 Supplier Declaration of Compliance
                                



                                    
                                    Gas Appliance Supplier Declaration Database
                                








                                    
                                    Exemption forms
                                



                                    
                                    Electricity Regulations Exemption form
                                



                                    
                                    Gas Regulations Exemption form
                                



                                    
                                    Declared article approval forms
                                



                                    
                                    Electricity high risk declared article approval form
                                



                                    
                                    Gas declared article approval form
                                









Close Menu








Home
>


Consumer
>


Safety alerts
>


Product recall – Kent oil fin heaters




Document Actions







Feedback form






View as PDF




 Social networking links


















Safety alerts


Questions and Answers on how to charge your electric vehicle (EV) safely


Canister cooker safety advisory for consumers


Canister cooker safety advisory for suppliers


Two models of bathroom heater prohibited


Warning against consumers connecting gas to fixed appliances


Safety with LPG Refrigerators


Be aware of overhead lines before you build


Portable showers alert


Product recall – Kent oil fin heaters


Inverters safety alert


Go 4 Green EnergySmart alert


Drybars heated clothes rack


Cabinet heater alert


Earthquake safety messages


Installing of under floor insulation alert


Dehumidifier safety message


Carbon monoxide hazards with LPG cabinet heaters and cookers


Installing your own light fittings


RCD recall








                    
                     
                  















            Product recall – Kent oil fin heaters
        


The Warehouse and Aber Holdings Ltd, have issued a product recall of two heaters - the KENT 5-fin oil column heater and the KENT 9-fin oil column heater with timer.The heaters may pose a safety hazard due to a fault in the spot-welded rivets, potentially causing an oil leak.The heaters are sold exclusively through The Warehouse. If customers have purchased either of these heaters between 1st February 2012 – 3rd July 2012, they should stop using them immediately. These products should then be returned to any The Warehouse store for a full refund.View the Product Recall  notice issued by The Warehouse and Aber Holdings Ltd [751 KB PDF].  









Top
Last updated 19 July 2012







Subscribe to updates






            Get updates by Email or RSS








                    
                     
                  



















Home


About this site


Contact us


Disclaimer


Privacy


ES Business Updates


NZ legislation


Site map














  REC Stock Quote - Recall Holdings Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Recall Holdings Ltd   REC:AU      Acquired   REC:AU was acquired by IRM:US   AUD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   0.21    Market Cap (AUD)   -    Shares Outstanding  (m)   323.036    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.14%     Industry Commercial & Professional Services   % Price Change +0.06%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     4/20/2017   Iron Mountain Hosts Investor Day    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Recall Holdings Limited is an Australia-based provider of digital and physical information management services. The Company's data protection services (DPS) include offsite and cloud-based storage, rotation, protection, and the recovery of back-up data.    Address  697 Gardeners RoadAlexandria, NSW 2015Australia   Phone  61-1373-2255   Website   www.recall.com.au     Executives Board Members    Ian David Blackburne  Chairman    Mark Wesley  President:Americas    Owen Kinnaird  President:ANZ    Christian Coenen  President:Europe    Lyn Ng  President:Asia     Show More         