







Intel® 快速儲存技術 (Intel® RST) 的下載










































搜尋
 




支援





支援首頁
驅動程式和軟體
搜尋下載














Intel® 快速儲存技術 (Intel® RST) 的下載























任何下載型別 (22)

任何下載型別 22 軟體應用程式 6 驅動程式 16 


任何作業系統 (22)

任何作業系統 22
Windows® 10* 2
Windows® 10，32 位元* 6
Windows® 10，64 位元* 7
Windows* 8.1 9
Windows* 8.1，32 位元 5
Windows* 8.1，64 位元 6
Windows 8* 11
Windows* 8，64 位元 1
Windows 7* 13
Windows* 7，32 位元 6
Windows* 7，64 位元 7
Windows Vista* 4
Windows Vista 32* 4
Windows Vista 64* 4
Windows XP* 4
Windows XP Home Edition* 5
Windows XP Media Center Edition* 5
Windows XP Professional x64 Edition* 5
Windows XP Professional* 5
Windows* Server 2012 R2 8
Windows Server 2012* 9
Windows Server 2008 R2* 11
Windows Server 2008* 10
Windows Server 2003* 4
Windows Server 2003 Enterprise x64 Edition* 4
Windows Server 2003 Standard Edition* 4
Windows Server 2003 Standard x64 Edition* 4
Windows 2000* 3
Windows 2000 Advanced Server* 1














描述
型別
作業系統
版本
日期





Intel® 快速儲存技術 (Intel® RST)
驅動程式
此下載會安裝 Intel® 快速儲存技術 (Intel® RST)，Intel® Optane™ 記憶體支援的驅動程式版本 15.7.0.1014。

驅動程式
Windows® 10，32 位元*Windows® 10，64 位元*Windows* 8.1，32 位元還有 3 個
15.7.0.1014最新的2017/6/10
2017/6/10









顯示更多



沒有更多相符結果










產品支援
支援產品焦點、焦點內容等



向支援社群詢問
各領域的專家可提供協助







     
需要更多協助嗎？

聯絡支援






     
回饋







這個資訊對您是否有幫助呢？


是



否




剩下 500 個字元。


傳送




謝謝您










©Intel 公司使用條款*法律聲明Cookie保密政策
 













































                {{offlineMessage}}
            



















Try Microsoft Edge
A fast and secure browser that's designed for Windows 10


No thanks
Get started








Skip to main content







Microsoft









0
 items in shopping cart




Sign in




















 Javascript is disabled 
 Please enable javascript and refresh the page 















 Cookies are disabled  
 Please enable cookies and refresh the page 



CV: {{ getCv() }}









































































                {{offlineMessage}}
            



















Try Microsoft Edge
A fast and secure browser that's designed for Windows 10


No thanks
Get started








Skip to main content







Microsoft









0
 items in shopping cart




Sign in




















 Javascript is disabled 
 Please enable javascript and refresh the page 















 Cookies are disabled  
 Please enable cookies and refresh the page 



CV: {{ getCv() }}






































 

City of Perth media gag may be removed as key backers drop support - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)


























































































AustraliaWeather


News HomeJust InAustraliaWorldBusinessSportScienceArtsAnalysisFact CheckProgramsMore









Email

City of Perth media gag may be removed as key backers drop support
      By


     
     
     
        












  
    
    
Charlotte Hamlyn



        Posted 
    
      June 28, 2017 08:10:40
    






        Photo:
       Lord Mayor of Perth Lisa Scaffidi is one of two people at the council authorised to speak to the media. (ABC News: Charlotte Hamlyn)


Related Story:
       Minister backs Perth councillors' media gag

Related Story:
       City of Perth to carry out $500,000 operations audit

Related Story:
       Perth City Council has 'Stalinist culture', WA Premier says



Map: 
        WA


The City of Perth looks set to overturn its long-running media gag on councillors after a surprise vote at a committee meeting last night. The city's Finance and Administration Committee voted 3-0 for changes to the city's 10-year-old policy that bans councillors speaking to the media.Currently the city's chief executive Martin Mileham and Lord Mayor Lisa Scaffidi are the only two representatives allowed to talk to the press about city matters.It is the second time the committee has passed such a motion.But this time it was backed by supporters of the Lord Mayor, councillors Janet Davidson and Lily Chen along with councillor Reece Harley, who has long advocated for the change.In March, councillor Judy McEvoy asked councillors to sign a statutory declaration they had not contacted a newspaper in any way over City of Perth chief executive's probation or his performance review.At the time, seven councillors agreed to sign the document, but two, Deputy Lord Mayor James Limnios and councillor Gemma Green, refused.Last night's motion will be presented at next week's full council meeting.Mr Harley welcomed the move."After three years of campaigning for it I'm increasingly hopeful that the City of Perth will overturn its gag on councillors," he said."This is a win for democracy and a win for transparency at the city." In April, Premier Mark McGowan accused the council of having a "Stalinist culture", and likening the policy to something out of North Korea.Mr McGowan called for Ms Scaffidi to resign after being found guilty of 45 breaches of the Local Government Act, following a failure to disclose gifts and corporate travel worth tens of thousands of dollars.Deloitte Australia has been brought in by the council to conduct a $500,000 audit of operations.The city is also facing declining revenue, with net income set to halve this year from $17.7 million to $8.5 million.

Topics:
local-government,


	
	government-and-politics,


	
	wa,


	
	perth-6000





  More
 stories from Western Australia










Top Stories


Abetz warns MPs against crossing floor on same-sex marriage


If Trump had a week this bad running a company, 'he'd be fired'


'A great day at the White House': Trump fires Scaramucci after 10 days in role


What's happening to bitcoin?


Australia has a sexual assault problem. We need to stop looking the other way


Who is the typical investor in the Australian property market?


Venezuela security agents seize opposition leaders from homes


Telcos cry foul over controversial NBN charge for bandwidth

(photos)



Devastated family left mourning 'beautiful, compassionate' teenager crushed to death by bull

(photos)



Court told Lynette Daley might have lived with medical attention


Nothing I can do, Morrison tells sore WA about fresh GST blow


Asbestos discovered in Sydney Opera House, 25 workers exposed: union


Getting shot was only the start of the nightmare for ABC correspondent Adam Harvey


How I was sucked into the murky world of 'third-party billing' and couldn't opt out


Kangaroo turns on woman while she saves golfer from attack


Retro food blogger offers recipes to solve winter pineapple glut


RBA holds rates at record low 1.5pc, warns of high dollar risks


Does South Australia need two back-up power stations?


Manus Island asylum seekers demand water, power reconnection


Puberty is beginning at 8, but is our sex-ed keeping up?

(audio)



Actor, playwright Sam Shepard dies after battle with Lou Gehrig's disease











Connect with ABC News





























Got a news tip?

If you have inside knowledge of a topic in the news, contact the ABC.



News in your inbox
Top headlines, analysis, breaking alerts


More info








Features










				  Students on uni sexual assault report



        By Jordan Hayne and Dharshini Sundran
Students share their views on the groundbreaking report into sexual assault at Australian universities.









				  Print's not dead



        By Emily Stewart
Small local newspapers in the state's north-west are bucking the overarching downward trend in print media.









				  Exercises to help strengthen your back



        By Cassie White
Your day-to-day behaviour can have a big influence on how your back feels. Strengthening your back with the right exercises can help. 









				  How Donald Trump lost three guys in 10 days


Despite not making it to his official start date, Anthony Scaramucci has a busy 10 days in the White House. 







Top Stories


Abetz warns MPs against crossing floor on same-sex marriage

If Trump had a week this bad running a company, 'he'd be fired'

'A great day at the White House': Trump fires Scaramucci after 10 days in role

What's happening to bitcoin?

Australia has a sexual assault problem. We need to stop looking the other way

Who is the typical investor in the Australian property market?

Venezuela security agents seize opposition leaders from homes

Telcos cry foul over controversial NBN charge for bandwidth

Devastated family left mourning 'beautiful, compassionate' teenager crushed to death by bull

Court told Lynette Daley might have lived with medical attention





Just In


Mother of slain 16yo breaks down at trial of accused murderer

Venezuela security agents seize opposition leaders from homes

SA universities vow to tackle 'culture of harassment'

Sydney Mayor, NSW Government pass blame over tent city

NSW nursing homes see surge in potentially fatal flu outbreaks

Civil war threatens future of bitcoin

Private health cover to become more unaffordable, insurers warn

UTAS student speaks out about sexual assault to help others

Who is the typical investor in the Australian property market?

Devastated family left mourning 'beautiful, compassionate' teenager crushed to death by bull





Most Popular

'A great day at the White House': Trump fires Scaramucci after 10 days in role


How I was sucked into the murky world of 'third-party billing' and couldn't opt out


Getting shot was only the start of the nightmare for ABC correspondent Adam Harvey


Alleged bomb plotters may have already tried to smuggle device onto international flight


Actor, playwright Sam Shepard dies after battle with Lou Gehrig's disease


'Boys will be boys': Lynette Daley died from violent sex act, court hears


Unis urged to act as 'shocking' survey reveals half of all students face sexual harassment


Telcos cry foul over controversial NBN charge for bandwidth

(photos)



Trump dictated son's 'misleading' statement, US media reports


If Trump had a week this bad running a company, 'he'd be fired'





Analysis & Opinion


Who is the typical investor in the Australian property market?

Australia has a sexual assault problem. We need to stop looking the other way

Free ads for babysitters can cost desperate parents

If Trump had a week this bad running a company, 'he'd be fired'

How do you know what you're getting when you buy free-range eggs?

Scaramucci threw plenty of punches in his Fight House cameo

Farewelling Les Murray, a friend and football legend

Why Australians are helping create affordable homes in US

The real story of how ice is killing Australians isn't found in scary headlines

Universities can't solve the problem of sexual assault on their own  












Site Map




Sections


ABC News




Just In




Australia




World




Business




Entertainment




Sport




Analysis & Opinion




Weather




Topics




Archive




Corrections & Clarifications







Local Weather


Sydney Weather




Melbourne Weather




Adelaide Weather




Brisbane Weather




Perth Weather




Hobart Weather




Darwin Weather




Canberra Weather







Local News


Sydney News




Melbourne News




Adelaide News




Brisbane News




Perth News




Hobart News




Darwin News




Canberra News







Media


Video




Audio




Photos







Subscribe


Podcasts




RSS Feeds




NewsMail







Connect


Upload




Contact Us




Suggest a Contributor











This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.


AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of UTC (Greenwich Mean Time)





Change to mobile view



























	The City of Calgary - 
	Media Relations





Chief Financial Officer department:Customer Service and Communications












































































































 







 Skip to main content. 
 Skip to search. 








Close

								    This navigation feedback survey will open in a new browser tab.
                                

Cancel


Start Feedback Survey

Close











Use old site.







Close







Search field



Submit searchSubmit search


powered by Google Search Appliance


 Submit search













Chief Financial Officer department:Customer Service and Communications














Customer Service & CommunicationsCurrently selected
ListsPicturesLibraries























            Share this page
        



Print


Media Relations











Page Content
Submit a Media Inquiry Online
The City of Calgary values the role the media plays in keeping citizens informed. We have a team of communications professionals to work with you to answer your questions and set-up inte​rviews with appropriate subject matter experts.
All news releases are posted on The City of Calgary Newsroom.
After hours
403-828-2954
For emerging incidents that impact public safety or essential City services, call 403-828-2954 to reach an after-hours representative.
Please note: Email inquiries and online forms received after-hours will be actioned the next business day.​​​















Additional Inquiry Directory







Transportation







								Inquiries handled through The City's Transportation Department include:
								
Calgary Transit
Roads maintenance *Seasonal After Hours snow & ice control direct telephone: 403-268-1521
Roads construction
Traffic issues (calming, light standard timing, reports/studies, pedestrian crossings)
Vehicle and pedestrian bridges
The City's Cycling Strategy & our Cycling Coordinator



Submit Inquiry Online

							   Email us: TransportationMedia@Calgary.ca

							   Call us: 403-828-2954, option #1
							



								Alberta Transportation (Deerfoot Trail, Stoney Trail/Ring Road)
							

310-0000 (toll-free within Alberta)
								
								Graeme Mcelheran
								  T: 780-415-1841
  C: 587-783-0587
graeme.mcelheran@gov.ab.ca




								Calgary Airport Authority (Airport Tunnel)
							

								Jody Moseley
								  T: 403-735-5899




							   Calgary Parking Authority (Enforcement/Snow Route parking bans)
							

								Shelley Trigg
								  T: 403-537-7099
  C: 403-540-6867
  shelley.trigg@calgaryparking.com




								Calgary Police Service (collision stats)
							

								Media Relations
								  T: 403-428-7979

cps@calgarypolice.ca




								Enmax (Trafflic light power outages)
							

								Doris Kaufmann Woodcock
								  T: 403-689-6150

mediaroom@enmax.com










Community Services







								Inquiries handled through The City's Community Services Department include:
								
Calgary Community Standards (formerly Animal & Bylaw Services)
									Calgary Emergency Management Agency (CEMA)
Calgary Fire Department (non-incident related inquiries i.e. Fire Safety Prevention Week)
Calgary Neighbourhoods, formerly Community & Neighbourhood Services (City programs)
Livery (Taxi & Limousine Commission/TLAC)
Calgary Parks
Calgary Housing
Calgary Recreation - Arts & Culture
Calgary 9-1-1
Calgary Recreation (facilities & programs)



Submit Inquiry Online

								Email us: CommunityServicesMedia@Calgary.ca

								Call us: 403-828-2954, option #2
							



								Alberta Health Services (EMS)
							

							 	Bruce Conway
							 	  T: 403-943-1212




								Calgary Board of Education Communication Services
							

403-819-2317

mediarelations@cbe.ab.ca




								Calgary Catholic School Division
							

								Janet Corsten
								  T: 403-500-2534

								Tania Younker
								  T: 403-500-2763

communications@cssd.ab.ca




								Calgary Fire Department
							

403-264-1022

								Public Information Officer: piofire@calgary.ca

								On Duty Batallion Chief: firebatallionchiefs@calgary.ca




								Calgary Humane Society
							

403-723-6033




								Calgary Outdoor Pool Association
							

								The Calgary Outdoor Pool Association manages seven outdoor pools on behalf of The City - T: 403-207-5665




								Calgary Police Service
							

								Media Relations
								  T: 403-428-7979

cps@calgarypolice.ca

								Duty Inspector
								  T: 403-428-2943
  dutyinspector@calgarypolice.ca




								Calgary Public Library
							

403-260-2600




							   Federation of Calgary Communities
							

403-244-4111










Utilities & Environmental Protection






Inquiries handled through The City's Utilities & Environmental Protection Department include:
								
Environmental initiatives (Greenhouse Gas Reduction Plan)
Waste & Recycling Services (blue bin, black bin, green bin pilot program, bigger blue bin pilot program)
Water Services & Water Resources (water main breaks, treatment facilities, Glenmore Reservoir)



Submit Inquiry Online

								Email us: UEPMedia@Calgary.ca

								Call us: 403-828-2954, option #3
							









Planning, Development & Assessment







								Inquiries handled through The City's Planning, Development & Assessment Department include:
								
Development & Building Approvals (building code safety/inspections, construction starts, business licenses, Marijuana grow operations/designated medical marijuana properties)
Food Trucks
Heritage Authority/Heritage Planning & Properties
Land Use Planning & Policy
Residential & Commercial Property Assessment/Assessment Review



Submit Inquiry Online

								Email us: PDAMedia@Calgary.ca

								Call us: 403-828-2954, option #4
							









General Inquiries







								Contact The City's Corporate Media Relations Department for all general inquiries including:
								
311 data/statistics
2013 Flood Resiliency
City Budgets & Business Planning
City Clerk's office (elections)
City Manager's office
Corporate Finance & Administration
Corporate Law
Corporate Properties (Plus 15, Municipal Complex)
Corporate Security
Human Resources
Information Technology



 Submit Inquiry Online

								Email us: Media.Relations@Calgary.ca

								Call us: 403-828-2954, option #9
							



								Mayor's Office
							

403-268-5622




								Office of the Councillors
							

403-268-2430




								For a Full Listing of Alberta Government Ministries visit alberta.ca/spokespersoncontacts.cfm.
							





								Office of the Premier
							

								Cheryl Oates
								  T: 780-422-4905
  premiers.communications@gov.ab.ca




								Attainable Homes Calgary Corporation
							

403-265-9935




								Tourism Calgary
							

								Andrea Visscher
								Mgr. Public Relations
								  andreav@tourismcalgary.com




								Calgary Economic Development
							

403-880-7040




								Calgary Stampede
							

								Kurt Kadatz
								  T: 403-261-0110
  C: 403-461-6647













​






















            Share this page
        



Print

























Council
Calendar
Map


BROWSE BY TOPIC
≡


eServices
Careers
engage!



































































A City Media AB: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















a city media ab
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Advertising & Marketing
A City Media AB is a full servive media company. The Company provides digital solutions, sinagae, and production for companies looking to increase there advertising abilities.




Corporate Information
Address:

Magasin 3 Frihamnsgatan 22
Stockholm, 115 56
Sweden


Phone:
46-8-535-280-50


Fax:
46-8-663-93-49


Web url:
www.adcitymedia.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company










Chief Executive Officer
Company


Anders Axelsson
A City Media AB








Board Members
Company
















Show More
























From The Web











Key Executives


Anders Axelsson


Chief Executive Officer




Christoffer Stackell


Chief Financial Officer




Jonas Glad


Chief Operating Officer







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





















































News & Updates — MIT Media Lab



















































Find People, Projects, etc.



Search
























Email:





Password:





















Kino


    in Living Mobile


#robotics #fashion #human-machine interaction  +2 more

































































Video
Videos

Defiance

Watch videos of the sessions at Defiance on July 21, 2017, at the MIT Media Lab.














Post
Research

Expansion Pathology

Enlarging clinical samples for imaging to understand the building blocks of pathologies with nanoscale precision











Post
Events

Announcing the winners of the Media Lab Disobedience Award

Congratulations to winners Dr. Mona Hanna-Attisha and Professor Marc Edwards











Post
Events

Defiance: Disobedience for the good of all

MIT Media Lab summer event explored responsible dissent, embodied in its new Disobedience Award.














Project
Research

Society-in-the-Loop

Recent rapid advances in Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning have raised many questions about the regulatory and governance...














Post
Research

Daisy drive: a local, open, and community-responsive approach to solving ecological problems

Pursue modular "daisy drive" platforms with the potential to safely, efficiently, and reversibly edit local sub-populations of organisms











Post
People

Media Lab announces 2017 Director’s Fellows

Announcing 10 new Director’s Fellows who'll bring their diverse experiences to the Media Lab.































Project
Research

Streetchange

Computer vision uncovers predictors of physical urban change
                    
                














Project
Research

Intrepid

Every 98 seconds, a person in the United States is sexually abused. Every 16 hours, a woman in the United States is murdered by her ...














Project
Research

CocoVerse: A Playground for Cocreation and Communication in Virtual Reality

Real-time collaborative self-expression in virtual reality. 














Post
Research

Making new (robot) friends

Understanding children's relationships with social robots











Project
Research

Transformative Leadership

Despite of gazillions of leadership programs across university campuses and organizations, we increasingly live in an era of leadership d...














Project
Research

Brain-Controlled Interface for  the Motile Control of Spermatozoa

The reproductive organs of the female body have long been a site of contention, where opposing ideologies in religion, politics, and cult...














Project
Research

DCP: Digital Construction Environment

The Digital Construction Environment is the first architectural-scale structure fabricated with the Digital Construction Platform (DCP). ...














Post
Research

If you were a tree

Virtual reality creates a new perspective in storytelling and engagement.



















Post
Research

Kids, AI devices, and intelligent toys

What do children think about machines that think?














Post
People

Meet the Labbers: Akito van Troyer

"It kind of forces me to think outside of what I’m working on."














Article
Research

Researchers use Kinect to scan T. rex skull

System with $150 worth of hardware offers alternative to 3-D scanners that cost 200 times as much














Project
Research

DuoSkin

DuoSkin is a fabrication process that enables anyone to create customized functional devices that can be attached directly to the skin. U...














Project
Research

Moral Machine

The Moral Machine is a platform for gathering a human perspective on moral decisions made by machine intelligence, such as self-driving c...












































AdCityMedia - Vi hjälper dig att tänka stort





































































Media
Våra mediakanaler levererar snabb räckvidd med impact och kvalitet.Dessutom garanterar vi “riktiga” människor som lever sina aktiva liv i citymiljöer. Med våra produkter kan ni överraska konsumenten med en kombination av analogt och digitalt i direkt närhet till köptillfället.


Creative
Vi har stor erfarenhet av att skapa och genomföra kreativa lösningar kopplade till kampanjen både analogt och digitalt. Vi skapar PR-ytor som sticker ut. Se oss som reklambyråns förlängda arm när det kommer till OOH och vilka möjligheter och begränsningar som finns avseende lov, tillstånd och produktion.


Digital Signage
Med över 10 års erfarenhet av digitala skärmar i publika miljöer, har vi gått från pionjärer till att driva över 1000 skärmar i 269 städer. Vi erbjuder en totalleverans av såväl förstudie, hårdvara, mjukvara, montage, service, support, drift och innehåll.


Production
Vi är en totalleverantör av visuell utomhuskommunikation från idé till färdig monterad produkt. Vi hjälper företag att analysera sina egna publika ytor för att maximera försäljning och varumärke mot sina besökare. Miljömaterial avseende fasadvepor, folie, byggskyltar, ljuslådor, mässmaterial mm är en självklarhet.


Scrolla ned



Media
Hur gör man för att fånga någons uppmärksamhet? Kanske höjer man rösten. Eller så väljer man noggrant sitt tillfälle. Oavsett om det handlar om att kommunicera stort eller att göra det på ett oväntat sätt, kan vi på AdCityMedia hjälpa dig att nå fram med ditt budskap. Med högattraktiva ytor i Sveriges största städer kan vi garantera att du inte bara når ut till en stor publik, utan att du faktiskt blir sedd. Med unika exponeringslösningar så som vepor, digitala skärmar i storformat utomhus eller i butik skapar vi levande städer och tar ditt budskap direkt till dess innevånare.
Våra lösningar är smarta, smidiga och dessutom hållbara; vi arbetar kontinuerligt för att göra det kommunikativa avtrycket stort och det miljömässiga avtrycket litet.

Scrolla ned



Creative
Få saker väcker människors intresse som riktigt kreativa lösningar. Intresset för innovation är det som följt – och drivit – oss ända sedan vi uppfann hjulet. På AdCityMedia hjälper vi dig att ta fram precis rätt uttryck för ditt budskap. Så att det får människor att förvånas och medierna att sprida det vidare.
Vi arbetar hand i hand med reklambyråer och hjälper till att ta fram lösningar som inte bara är kreativa, utan dessutom tekniskt genomförbara och – så klart – tillåtna att uppföra.

Scrolla ned



Digital Signage
I hundratusentals år har vi människor varit extra vaksamma på rörelse. Än idag är rörelse ett centralt tecken för något som vi behöver uppmärksamma. På AdCityMedia erbjuder vi lösningar där rörliga bilder möter stadens puls – och skapar kommunikation som berör. Där ljuset inte bara ger en vackrare stadsbild, utan dessutom gör staden levande på riktigt.
Detta är något vi brinner för – och kanske just därför var vi bland de första att arbeta med rörliga displayer. Idag erbjuder vi lösningar på 10–95 tum. Då vi utvecklat ett eget system kan vi garantera hög driftsäkerhet, enkelhet och flexibilitet samtidigt som vi kan erbjuda mycket budgetvänliga lösningar.

Scrolla ned



Production
En god idé innebär ett ansvar – den är något man måste förvalta hela vägen, från den första snilleblixten till det färdiga resultatet. Vi på ACM Production hjälper dig inte bara synas, utan ser till att du gör det på rätt sätt, så att budskapet är intakt från idéstadiet till monterad produkt. Vi ser till helheten – allt från att hitta rätt ytor och säkra bygglov till att lösa montaget. Och eftersom vi har gedigen kunskap i tillverkning av stora trycksaker kan vi garantera att den färdiga produkten motsvarar dina förväntningar.
Vi ser alltid till att ligga i framkant när det gäller tekniska lösningar. Därför är vi stolta över att kunna erbjuda inte bara högsta kvalitet, utan också bästa hållbarhet. På det sättet får vi inte bara levande städer, utan ser till att göra vår miljö lite bättre.

Scrolla ned



Om oss

Ända sedan människan lärde sig att kontrollera elden har ljus i mörkret varit den omisskännliga symbolen för liv. I takt med att vi började samlas i städer växte sig de här ljusen allt starkare. Natten fick färg och städer lyste i neon. Idag är skyltar, reklam och ljus en självklar del av stadsbilden. Städer som aldrig sover, städer med puls, städer med skönhet. 
Vi hjälper dig att tänka stort – och levererar smarta lösningar som gör att ditt budskap når konsumenten med bästa möjliga impact. Oavsett om det handlar om vepor, trycksaker, LED-skärmar eller Out Of Home TV i café och retailmiljö.   
Ljuset ger trygghet och liv åt staden. Vi på AdCityMedia är stolta över att vara en del av det. 



ALFA ROMEO pryder Stureplan med deras nya STELVIO. Körglädje och SUV i samma bil. Tack Starcom
18 maj 2017
ALFA ROMEO pryder Stureplan med deras nya STELVIO. Körglädje och SUV i samma bil. Tack Starcom


Jaguar lanserar nya F-PACE
4 maj 2017
Jaguar lanserar deras nya SUV vid namn F-PACE och göra detta men vepor i Gbg och Malmö, men framförallt med en exklusiv trekantspelare på Norrmalmstorg.


Premiär för nya Fast 8 filmen på Medborgarplatsen. Söders största biograf ligger i samma hus.
10 april 2017
Premiär för nya Fast 8 filmen på Medborgarplatsen. Söders största biograf ligger i samma hus. 


Nike och Zara Larsson syns tillsammans på Sergels Torg för hennes nya album So Good
10 april 2017



Samsung lanserar QLED med kampanj på samtliga ytor runt Sergels Torg
10 april 2017



Coop
3 april 2017
Coop - nyöppnad butik i Rotebro, utvalda relevanta skärmar driver till butiken


Betsson
1 april 2017
Låter fotbollsfansen färga städernas utomhusskyltar - http://www.dagensmedia.se/marknadsforing/kampanjer/betsson-later-fansen-farga-stadens-utomhusskyltar-6835882


Sony Music
31 mars 2017
Depeche Mode lanserar nytt album. LED Stureplan extra bra då den har ljud. 


Finnair
28 mars 2017
Visar att de har bäst och billigast flyg till Asien


Volkswagen Transport
27 mars 2017
VW lanserar ny modell, Crafter. Vepor vid infarter i Sthlm, Gbg och Malmö mot  trafikmålgrupp
Därtill utvalda DOOH trafikskärmar!


Svenska Postkodlotteriet
18 mars 2017
Grannyra i Norrköping, ut snabbt under tre dagar med budskap på skärmar nära torget där eventet sker


Max Hamburgare
16 mars 2017
Ny burgare, Umami, driva till butik på närliggande utvalda skärmar samt lyfta varumärke under 3 veckor
Tidsstyrd kampanj, skräddarsydd lösning 


LeoVegas
24 januari 2017
Vår Retail-serie når fler än 600 butiker i servicehandeln och för Leovegas är det en viktigt målgrupp som de vill nå. De vill även bygga varumärke på våra LED:ar i storstäderna.  


TUI
23 januari 2017
Under årets första månader bokas det flest resor på hela året. Tui vill därför synas så stort som möjligt under den perioden. De kan beskådas på våra Vepor i Sthlm, Gbg Malmö samt i våra café och restaurang kanaler OOH-TV och ADWC. 


Casumo
18 januari 2017
Casumo vill ha hög närvaro på största LED:en i Åre under hela vintersäsongen. Målgruppen och placeringen var av största vikt. 


Betsson bokar *rikspaket med 97 LED:ar över hela landet
16 december 2016
Betsson går en rikstäckande kampanj under 1 dygn i vår stora riksserie med 97 LED:ar över hela landet. Man satsar stort på ett bonus erbjudande under dagen. Bilden i exemplet tagen i Jönköping


Spotify syns på Stureplan i deras största globala OOH kampanj någonsin!
7 december 2016
Spotify syns på Stureplan i deras största globala OOH kampanj någonsin! Kul budskap och tack för fint samarbete Starcom


Krall Entertainment väljer AdCityMedias LED-skärmar
5 december 2016
Relevans. Krall annonserar för Joe Labero show på 9st utvalda stora LED:ar runt om i landet. Exempelbilden tagen på stortorget i Gävle.


VW Transport LED Kampanj
5 december 2016
För att nå relevanta kunder har Volkswagen valt att synas på våra LED-skärmar i direkt närhet till trafikerade vägar


ABB bokar 97 LED-skärmar
1 december 2016
Framförallt var Norra Sverige och Västerås viktigt då ABB har mycket internt anställda i områdena. De valde därmed vårt stora *rikspaket med 97 LED:ar över hela landet. 


Åhléns julkalender
1 december 2016
För tredje året i rad väljer Åhléns LED Sergels Torg för att marknadsföra sin julkalender. Ett nytt erbjudande varje dag mellan 1-24 december.


Goodbye mellanmöjlk och hellomoto!
21 november 2016
Goodbye mellanmöjlk och hellomoto! Motorola släpper sin nya mobiltelefon och revolutionera marknaden med Motorola Z och deras Moto Mods. Vepa på Stureplan såklart! Fantastiskt Starcom


American Express syns i våra DOOH serier i Sthlm, Gbg och Malmö på utvalda ytor
2 november 2016
American Express syns i våra DOOH serier i Sthlm, Gbg och Malmö på utvalda ytor. Gold Card ger dig många fina förmåner! Tack Mindshare Sverige


Äntligen släpper EA Digital Illusions CE Battlefield 1!
1 november 2016
Äntligen släpper EA Digital Illusions CE Battlefield 1! Samtidigt dominerar de Söder med en vepa på Medborgarplatsen på 112kvm. När spelar vi Starcom ?


H&M syns med 8 Vepor + DOOH i städerna Sthlm, Gbg och Malmö
31 oktober 2016
H&M's samarbete med KENZO släpps nu på torsdag 3 November! De syns med 8 Vepor + DOOH i städerna Sthlm, Gbg och Malmö. Bilden är från Sergels Torg i Sthlm. Tack Posterscope Sweden


Bästa Tove Lo dominerar Hornstull med sitt nya album Lady Wood med en vepa på 91kvm!
25 oktober 2016
Bästa Tove Lo dominerar Hornstull med sitt nya album Lady Wood med en vepa på 91kvm! Lyssna på hennes nya låt Cool girl. Snyggt Universal Music Sweden


Mitsubishi Motors Sverige på 162kvm vepa vid Norrtull
24 oktober 2016
"Låt tystnaden tala" som Mitsubishi Motors Sverige själva säger i deras budskap för deras nya Outlander Plug-In-Hybrid. Ytan är vid Norrtull och sträcker sig över 162kvm vepa. Fint Bizkit Havas


Åhléns med en enorm trekantspelare mitt på Norrmalmstorg
27 september 2016
Bryt klädmaktsordningen med Lapidus och Åhléns! Här ser ni en enorm trekantspelare mitt på Norrmalmstorg. Vackert Mindshare Sverige


Samsung med vepa på Medborgarplatsen
21 september 2016
På Medborgarplatsen kan ni se Samsung Sverige möjligheter med VR, 360 kamera och mobiltelefon. Framtiden är redan här idag! Snyggt Starcom


Alfa Romeo Giulia! Stureplan 2 är platsen och 119kvm är storleken
16 september 2016
Vi älskar Italienskt och fart med känsla finns definitivt i nya Alfa Romeo Sverige Giulia! Stureplan 2 är platsen och 119kvm är storleken. Tack Maxus


Ford Sverige lanserar nya modeller och syns stort på vepor och LED
14 september 2016
Ford Sverige lanserar nya modeller och syns stort både vid Roslagstull i Sthlm, Magasinsgatan i Gbg samt Södervärn i Malmö. Dessutom rörligt på vår DOOH-serie i samtliga städer. Snyggt och högtid för en ny bil Mindshare Sverige ?


Neymar Jr. dominerar Stureplan tillsammans med Nike på hela 200kvm stor vepayta
5 september 2016
Neymar Jr. dominerar Stureplan tillsammans med Nike på hela 200kvm stor vepayta. Kolla in deras nya Techkläder på nike.com/sportswear. Tack Mindshare Sverige


Har ni inte bokat resa för hösten så kan vi rekommendera raka vägen med Emirates till Dubai och värmen
30 augusti 2016
Har ni inte bokat resa för hösten så kan vi rekommendera raka vägen med Emirates till Dubai och värmen. Här syns de på 161kvm vepa över Sergels Torg. När bokar vi Bizkit Havas ? :-)


TV4 syns stort inför Idol-premiären med en 156kvm Vepa vid Sergels Torg samt DOOH i Sthlm, Gbg och Malmö
18 augusti 2016
Äntligen är Idol tillbaka och den 22 Augusti får ni se en ny jury och ett spännande program med nya talanger i Sverige. Självklart vill TV4 synas stort inför detta på 156kvm Vepa vid Sergels Torg samt DOOH i Sthlm, Gbg och Malmö. Tack Bizkit Havas


Foodora 161kvm vela på Sergels Torg
4 juli 2016
Orkar ni inte laga mat eller tröttnat på lunchlådorna på jobbet så kan vi varmt rekommendera foodora. Här syns det över hela Sergels Torg på 161kvm vepa.


GB glass – Äntligen är sommaren här!
20 juni 2016
GB glass välkomnar sommaren med en stor kampanj på 58st av våra LED ytor


Samsung tänker stort!
6 juni 2016
Ibland vill man synas ordentligt och när Samsung lanserar Galaxy S7 Edge + Gear 360 / VR så dominerar man Sergels Torg med 508kvm vepor + led. Snyggt jobbat DDB Stockholm & Starcom men framförallt Samsung Sverige


Biopremiär – The Nice Guys
6 juni 2016



TRE går stor LED kampanj med budskapet ”Fortsätt dela med er”
30 maj 2016



LED Kampanj – Renault!
30 maj 2016



Volkswagen Tiguan på LED skärmar i Stockholm, Göteborg och Malmö
30 maj 2016



FOX TV – Fasadmålning Hornstull
28 maj 2016



Designa din egna Magnumglass!
25 maj 2016
Om du har några minuter över i dagarna så hoppa in på NK och designa din egna Magnumglass! För tredje året i rad öppnar Magnum Pleasure Store och självklart väljer Unilever att sprida budskapet med hjälp av en fasadvepa i korsningen Hamngatan / Regeringsgatan, alldeles intill NK! Glassigt Mindshare Sverige! ;)


BR Leksaker på LED Sergels Torg
23 maj 2016



Tallink Silja Sveriges fasadvepa på Stureplan 2
16 maj 2016
Saknar ni solen idag rekommenderar vi Östersjön där den alltid skiner! Tallink Silja Sveriges fasadvepa på Stureplan 2 är full av glittrande prismor som skapar en härlig känsla av svensk sommar. Skepp och hoj hälsar vi PHD Worldwide (Sweden) som satte segel för kampanjen!


AXE sprider budskapet ”Find your magic” med stor LED kampanj
16 maj 2016



KYGO släpper debut albumet ”Cloud nine”
13 maj 2016



”Fortsätt dela med er” är telefonoperatören 3s motto i sommar!
12 maj 2016
"Fortsätt dela med er" är telefonoperatören 3s motto i sommar! Med fasadvepor i Stockholms alla hörn (bl.a. Hötorget, Medborgarplatsen och Odenplan) missar ingen budskapet och självklart vore detta inte möjligt utan 3Kronor!


Crescent tänker stort med fin vepa vid Roslagstull
29 april 2016
I helgen är det Valborg och vad kan vara bättre än en cykeltur till brasan? @Crescents nya elcyklar tar dig dit i ett nafs och du hittar deras fina vepa i Roslagstull. High five PHD Worldwide (Sweden)!


Com Hem visar upp nya formspråket på Stureplan 2
28 april 2016
Vill du se en av årets snyggaste vepor rekommenderar vi varmt att du ser upp! Med 119 kvm på Stureplan 2 är Com Hems nya formspråk en galaktisk färgklick i Stockholms innerstad. Tack säger vi till M&C Saatchi och Posterscope Sweden som gjort detta möjligt!


Vi söker CFO
26 april 2016
Vi söker nu en driven CFO som vill vara med på en spännande resa och utveckla ett lönsamt bolag till det mest lönsamma bolaget i branschen.


Vagabond Shoes på Stureplan 15
20 april 2016
Vagabond Shoes fasadvepa på Stureplan 15 känns naturlig och är ett lika säkert vårtecken för oss på AdCityMedia som tussilago! Unna dig ett par nya fina vårskor tycker vi och riktar ett stort tack till Posterscope Sweden för ett strålande samarbete!


NIKE – A Revolution In Motion
18 april 2016
Lagom till försommarsolens intågande lanserar Nike sina nya sko Free som passar lika bra för träning som för stadspromenaden. Här ser ni en av fasadveporna i korsningen Hamngatan/Regeringsgatan och vi tycker att den är tvärsnygg! Stort tack till Mindshare Sverige för att ni fortsätter tänka stort!


Hyundai visar upp GO! Edition på LED i Sthlm, Gbg och Malmö
18 april 2016



The Huntsman – Premiär!
8 april 2016
Glad fredag önskar vi på AdCityMedia! Har ni ännu inte gjort planer för helgen vill vi tipsa om biofilmen The Huntsman som har premiär idag! Med fasadvepor och rörlig bild på LED i Stockholm, Göteborg och Malmö håller vi tummarna för fullsatta biosalonger i helgen. Vi riktar ett speciellt tack till MEC Sverige och Universal Pictures Sverige för ett fint samatbete!


Volvo – Nya Volvo S90
6 april 2016
Ta gärna en promenad förbi Stureplan 2 i veckan och spana in Volvos nya fasadvepa för nya S90. Stort tack till Volvo och Mindshare Sverige för ett fortsatt rullande samarbete!


HP – LED Kampanj Stockholm City
25 mars 2016



Zoolander 2 – Premiär 12 Februari
17 februari 2016
Vepa Regeringsgatan / Hamngatan, LED Stureplan, LED Sergels torg 


NU HAR MINI BLIVIT STOR
9 februari 2016
6st vepor Stockholm 


Lego Digitalt + Vepa – Stockholm
1 januari 2016
Vepa Odenplan, Vepa Sergels torg och LED Sergels Torg  


The Phantom of the opera
9 november 2015
LED + Vepa, Sergels torg - Stockholm  


OMEGA – THE SEAMASTER 300 ”SPECTRE” LIMITED EDITION
6 november 2015
Vepa, Stureplan - Stockholm 


HM – BALMAIN
3 november 2015
LED och VEPA Stockholm, Malmö och Göteborg  


G-STAR RAW
30 oktober 2015
Vepa + LED Sergels Torg - Stockholm 


Emirates LED Sergels Torg
26 oktober 2015
LED Sergels Torg 


CALZEDONIA – Vepa
24 oktober 2015
Stureplan 2 - Stockholm 


Samsung Creative 3D Vepa
21 oktober 2015
Galaxy s6 edge, Stureplan Stockholm 


NK Damunderkläder – Nordiska Kompaniet
14 oktober 2015
Digital Signage 


LG OLED – Vepa
8 oktober 2015
Hötorget, Sergels Torg - Stockholm 


Flyg med Emirates dagligen till Dubai
7 oktober 2015
Creative - 3D vepa E4:an mot Arlanda


Aviciis nya album Stories
6 oktober 2015
Vepa Kungsgatan / Norrlandsgatan - Stockholm 


Vagabond
5 oktober 2015
Vepa


The Martian
2 oktober 2015
LED Sergels torg 


LG Vepa Hötorget + Sergels torg
1 oktober 2015
LGOLED.SE


AdCityMedia paketerar digital riksserie med över 140 storbildsskärmar.
3 september 2015
Under sommaren har mediabolaget AdCityMedia i två steg samordnat och paketerat digitala storbildsskärmar i Sverige. 


RIX FM – Bäst musik just nu
31 augusti 2015
LED Stureplan 


RNB Retail and Brands AB
29 augusti 2015
AdCityMedia leverera Digital Signage till NK Herrtrend


Marshall London – Bara hos Telia
17 augusti 2015
Vepa byggställning + LED Sergels Torg 


PIXELS – Play for the planet
11 augusti 2015
3D Vepa 


Omega – Vepa Stureplan 2
29 juli 2015



SAS – LOVE IS IN THE AIR
27 juli 2015
Pride - Stureplan 15 


Mission Impossible – Rogue Nation Vepa + LED
27 juli 2015
LED Sergels Torg + Vepa


Minioner – På jakt efter en ny mästare – BIOPREMIÄR 1 JULI
1 juli 2015
LED Sergels torg + Vepa Klaraberg 


Eniro – Upptäck närheten och sök lokalt
20 juni 2015
LED Stureplan, Vepa Göteborg Scandinavium 


Filter.com – Spellistor på Spotify för alla tillfällen
9 juni 2015
Vepa Stureplan


Så hyllar SAS prinsparet – LOVE IS IN THE AIR
8 juni 2015
SAS Vepa Stockholm Hamngatan / Regeringsgatan 


Jurassic World – Världspremiär på bio 10 juni
5 juni 2015
Vepa Stockholm Klaraberg B 


DNB Sverige – Vepa Stureplan
3 juni 2015



Car2Go – Bli Medlem Nu
30 maj 2015
LED Sergels torg 


Asics – Stockholm Marathon
27 maj 2015
Pelare Stockholm Norrmalmstorg 


Kampanjstart Bravo Boost
19 maj 2015
Bravo Boost  - Ny Energi till allt du vill göra
Vepa - Stockholm, Malmö och Göteborg
LED - Sergelstorg


Volvo by night – Vepa Stureplan 300kvm
4 maj 2015
Volvo - A NEW BEGINING  - Vepa Stureplan


City Gross Vev/hiss-system
4 april 2015



#ACMtänkstort
19 mars 2015
Vi hjälper dig att tänka stort – och levererar smarta lösningar som gör att ditt budskap når konsumenten med bästa möjliga impact.


AdCityMedia + Media Mecca
19 mars 2015
AdCityMedia är stolt sponsor av Out of Home Mecca


Digital Signage Direkten
1 februari 2015
AdCityMedia rullar ut Digitala Skärmar i utvalda Direkten butiker riks över Sverige 



Scrolla ned






Magasin 3, Frihamnsgatan 22, 115 56 Stockholm, Map
			T + 46 8 535 280 50, F + 46 8 663 93 49 E info@adcitymedia.com


2015 © Ad|City|Media








