














Aldrees Petroleum Transport Services - Brochure by Supply Chain Digital - issuu



















































issuu company logo
issuu












            Explore
        






                        Categories
                    


                                Arts & Entertainment
                            



                                Style & Fashion
                            



                                Home & Garden
                            



                                Business
                            



                                Travel
                            



                                Education
                            



                                See all categories
                                







                        Collections
                    


                                Top Picks
                            



                                Generators
                            



                                Hygge
                            



                                Feminism
                            



                                Zines
                            



                                Makers
                            






                        Find More
                    


                                Plans & Pricing
                            



                                Community
                            



                                Help & Support
                            



                                About issuu
                            









            Publisher Plans
        




















Close







                        Categories
                    


                                Arts & Entertainment
                            



                                Style & Fashion
                            



                                Home & Garden
                            



                                Business
                            



                                Travel
                            



                                Education
                            



                                See all categories
                                







                        Collections
                    


                                Top Picks
                            



                                Generators
                            



                                Hygge
                            



                                Feminism
                            



                                Zines
                            



                                Makers
                            






                        Find More
                    


                                Plans & Pricing
                            



                                Community
                            



                                Help & Support
                            



                                About issuu
                            












        Sign up
    

        Sign in
    

        Sign in
    




InfoSaveLikeShareDownloadMoreAldrees Petroleum Transport Services - Brochure  Published on May 7, 2015  supplychaindigitalFollowRead moreRead moreSimilar toPopular nowJust for youGo explore







Aldrees - Bertschi








































×










Toggle navigation














Home


About us


Photos


Training


Safety


Services


Terms


Certificate


Contact

















Equipment
                    


Reach Stacker
                    
Trucks
                    






Transportation
                    






Storage area
                    






Dangerous Goods
                        storage
                    
and handling
                    






Reach Stacker
                    






Storage terminal
                    
and shaded area
                    






Operational team
                    











About us


Aldrees

ALDREES Petroleum & Transport Services Company has two major
                        divisions; the
                        Petroleum Services Division and the Transport and Logistics Division. Each of them has a unique
                        passion
                        and overwhelming capacity for serving the interests of valued customers, shareholders and
                        stakeholders.
                        Whether your interests are in the wholesale or retail business of fuel and gasoline or in
                        transportation, ALDREES brings both worlds right to your premises everywhere in the Kingdom and
                        the
                        region
                    


JV Aldrees Bertschi

ALDREES Petroleum & Transport Services Company and Bertschi
                        have started the
                        joint
                        venture in the year 2013. Both companies are well established in the Chemical Logistics and are
                        bringing their expertise and long-term experience into this partnership.


Bertschi

Bertschi was established in 1956. Ever since then, Bertschi has been a family
                        owned company with bulk logistics for the chemical industry as its key competence. Bertschi is
                        the market leader in intermodal chemical transport on the European continent with more than 60
                        subsidiaries in 31 countries, 25 container terminals, 6 tank cleaning stations and a significant
                        shareholding in a railway company. Bertschi operates his own container fleet in Europe, Russia,
                        Turkey, the Middle East, China and the US. With our offices and local agents/partners, we cover
                        all continents.
                        More information about the company is available under
                        Bertschi
                            group











Aldrees Bertschi terminal operation









Operational Team








Equipment








Office








Reach Stacker








Dangerous Goods storage and handling








General safety site instructions




LOAD
                        MORE









Training
JV Aldrees Bertschi has a strong focus on safety and
                sustainable training and has implemented an own training program.
All trainings are based on Dangerous Goods (ADR)
                regulation and on Bertschi Standard.









Dangerous GoodsSafety Advisor





Equipment Check& Instructions





Fire fightingTraining





First aidTraining





BertschiQuality and Safety










Mr. Andreas Nebiker is a
                                certified Dangerous Goods Safety Advisor (DGSA) and is holding regular trainings
                                for
                                new employees as well as refresh trainings of existing employees.















Our employees are attending
                                regular trainings for the correct and safe handling of the equipment as well
                                as
                                how to carry out inspection tests.















Fire fighting and correct behavior in
                                case of a fire is also part of our training program.















Human life has first priority in case of
                                an emergency therefore our employees are trained how to rescue and render first aid to
                                an injured person.














Bertschi - Quality and
                                        Safety
To visit the content of Bertschi
                                        quality
                                        and safety, please click the button

Visit Bertschi Quality and Safety















Safety
JV Aldrees Bertschi is committed to responsible,
                professional and honest
                business dealings and follows strict Corporate Safety and Quality Principles.

In order to provide our employees a safe working
                environment, JV Aldrees Bertschi has invested in several safety installations on the storage terminal
                such as:








Safe working environment at heights










Entrance gate










General safety site instructions
Click on the photo for more information.












Assembly Point










ISOtank Spilling Box










Fire sprinkler system












Check-In-Area







These installations in combination with our training program
            builds the foundation of our
            safety and training philosophy.







Services



Logistics


Our Services:

On-site logistics concepts (in KSA)
Depot services in Jubail
Transportation
                                            services

Exports and/or imports of tank and box containers by sea (with
                                            agent)
                                        








Terminal


Infrastructure:

Container storage capacity:
                                            10’000 TEU
DG storage capacity: 800 TEU
Shaded storage area capacity
                                            (hangar): 210 TEU
Temperature controlled warehouse
Operated by Reach stacker


Terminal services:

Documented Check In and Check Out
                                            process of the tank and box container (Interchange document, Photo
                                            recording)
Inventory daily, weekly, monthly (upon customer request)
Temperature monitoring
Tank Container cooling
De-stuffing of dry box container
Product transshipment
Transportation service
Integration with the Bertschi Global ISOtank operations
                                            network
                                        
Customs clearance process with partner agent















General Terms & Conditions



Terms




The below General Terms & Conditions are valid for the existing offer
                                and subject to the approval of the Management of AldreesBertschi. Any change in this
                                data may lead to an irrevocable price alteration. All information in this offer
                                    remains
                                    the property of AldreesBertschi. No duplication of any content of this offer may
                                be done
                                without prior consent. Only written orders (operational & administrative) will be
                                accepted.
                                
                                Opening hours of our Office and Operations:
                                
Sunday – Thursday: 07.30hrs – 16.00hrs, Saturday: 08:00 – 13:00

                                Shipments ought to be confirmed in writing by email or fax at least 1
                                    day in advance,
                                before noon, 12.00hr. If shipments will not be confirmed they will be charged as
                                overtime (un)loading.
                            

                            Overtime:
                            
Saturday (after 13.00hrs) & Thursday (whole day): At USD
                                    40.00 per man hour with a
                                    minimum of 4 hours.
                                
Friday or Public Holiday: At USD 80.00 per man hour with a
                                    minimum of 4 hours.
                                
Activities to be performed during Friday and Public Holidays:
                                    surcharge of 100%
                                


                            Storage period counting days:
                            
                                The storage period is starting from the day of arrival until and including day of
                                departure. The storage days are always counted as full storage days independent at what
                                time of the day the container have arrived or left the depot.
                            


                                We reserve the right to withdraw the offer with immediate effect if the specifications
                                would not be as described herein or if the security of our employees is no longer
                                guaranteed. Therefore we require always to obtain the most recent MSDS (Material safety
                                data sheet) of your product, edited conform EC directions, in English.
                                We rely upon you
                                that if changes may occur you will send us spontaneously the updated version.
                            





Conditions




All storage and handling rates as well as other service fee can be
                                adjust annually during the month of January, based on the local Consumer Price Index
                                (CPI). Downward adjustment are not applicable.
                                
                                AldreesBertschi reserves the right to adjust the rates to make expenditures and/or bear
                                costs imposed by the government, any third party such as the port, container or cleaning
                                depots or resulting from any regulation change (including new taxes) or any change
                                imposed by our customer, that is unknown at the time of signature of the contract and
                                which our customer equally would have to make or bear if it assumed AldreesBertschi’s
                                obligations under this contract in its own name or for its own account.
                                
                                Invoices have to be paid within 30 days after invoice date. 2% delay
                                charges per month
                                will be levied on outstanding amounts till full settlement.
                                
                                AldreesBertschi shall not be responsible for any loss, damage or destruction of goods
                                during transportation, decanting and storage in AldreesBertschi’s premises due to fire,
                                theft, burglary, pilferage, riot, civil commotion or labour troubles or any damage or
                                deterioration due to age, rot, germination, dry-rot, fermentation, worms, rodents,
                                moisture, weather conditions, spontaneous combustion, flood, earthquake, lightning or
                                other agencies for any shrinkage or loss of weight due to evaporation, chemical
                                reactions or other agencies. AldreesBertschi is exempted from all liability for any
                                losses or damages due to detention or demurrage of containers or due to defects in the
                                product or the packaging of the product.
                                
                                For storage activities AldreesBertschi will not be liable for losses and damages below a
                                loss tolerance of 0.05% of products handled (inbound and outbound). A loss or damage
                                tolerance of 0.5% of all products handled will apply for all (re)-packaging activities.
                                
                                AldreesBertschi will not be responsible for any consequential damages, material or
                                immaterial, which is the consequence of damage caused to the property of the other
                                party.
                                Any claim payable by AldreesBertschi will be based on production or purchase price of
                                the respective product minus the residual or salvage value of the product and any claim
                                will be payable up to a maximum of USD 5,000 per damage causing event or a maximum of
                                USD 5/kg of product damaged whichever lower.
                                
                                The customer is responsible for taking up, at your own expense, all necessary insurance
                                coverage for the goods during transit/transportation and whilst they are in our custody
                                and/or stored in our premises and shall ensure that the respective Insurers waive all
                                rights of subrogation against our Company, our employees, servants and agents.
                                
                                Waiver of recourse: Both parties and their insurance will waive recourse in case of
                                FLEXA (Fire, Lightning, Explosions, Air craft), against each other, affiliated
                                companies, their insurers and third parties.
                                
                                The Customer shall keep in force during the term the insurance coverage for its products
                                and materials insured against FLEXA (Fire, Lightning, Explosions, Air craft), including
                                waiver of recourse against AldreesBertschi and its insurers.
                                
                                All transactions are subject to AldreesBertschi standard terms stated in this inhere. A
                                copy is available on request. Any future order automatically implies the acceptance of
                                the above mentioned terms & conditions.
                            












Certificate



Company registration









Contact us




Address

Aldrees Bertschi
                                Chemical Logistics Services Co
                                P.O. Box 1092
                                Al Jubail 31951
                                Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
info@aldrees-bertschi.com
                                Company Registration number 1010433172
                            



Contact person

Chief Operation Officer (COO)
                                Andreas Nebiker
                                Mobile: +966 5 63444027
                                Mobile: +966 5 800 99 346
                                Landline: +966 13 3671675 ext. 444
a.nebiker@aldrees-bertschi.com











Thank you, your email has been sent.







































send Message
                                


















                Copyright 2016 Aldrees-Bertschi | Bertschi AG |
                Aldrees |
                Impressum








Impressum


Aldrees Bertschi
                        Chemical Logistics Services Co
                        P.O. Box 1092
                        Al Jubail 31951
                        Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
                        info@aldrees-bertschi.com
                    

CHIEF OPERATION OFFICER (COO):

                        Name: Andreas Nebiker
                    

CONTACT PERSON (COO):

                        Andreas Nebiker
                        Mobile 1: +966 5 63444027
                        Mobile 2: +966 5 800 99 346
                        Landline: +966 13 3671675 ext. 444
                        E-Mail: a.nebiker@aldrees-bertschi.com
                    

COMPANY REGISTRATION:

                        To see the certificate of the company registration, please visit the menu "Certificate".
                    

DISCLAIMER:

                        Legal Notice, Disclaimer, and terms of use ALDREES BERTSCHI Petroleum Transport Services Co.
                        ("ALDREES BERTSCHI")
                        Use of this Website is subject to the following terms and conditions. Your use of the
                        website constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions.
                    

INTERPRETATIONS


Defintions

                            In this Agreement: "Content" includes, but is not limited to, all text, photographs,
                            software,
                            animation files, graphics, video and audio files and anything else contained in this
                            Website.
                            "User" includes, but is not limited to, any person who accesses this Website by any
                            means
                            whatsoever, including, but not limited to, legal, illegal, authorized and unauthorized
                            means.
                        


Invalidity

                            If, for any reason whatsoever, any term of this Agreement is deemed by a court to be
                            void,
                            voidable or otherwise unenforceable, such term shall be deemed to be severable from the
                            remainder of the Agreement and the remainder of the Agreement shall be construed and
                            interpreted
                            without reference to the unenforceable term.
                        


Assignment

                            ALDREES BERTSCHI may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement at any time
                            without notice
                            to
                            Users.
                        


Termination

                            Either ALDREES BERTSCHI or the User may terminate this Agreement at any time, either
                            with or
                            without
                            cause. The User may terminate this Agreement by ceasing to use this Website. The
                            following
                            clauses of this Agreement will survive any termination by either party: II, III, IV, V
                            and
                            VI.
                        


COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKS


Ownership

                            The Content of this Website is owned by ALDREES BERTSCHI or is made available by
                            permission
                            of the
                            owner
                            and is protected by domestic and international copyright laws. The trademark is owned by
                            ALDREES BERTSCHI.
                        


Rights

                            The use of this Website grants no interest, whether proprietary, license, or otherwise,
                            in
                            the
                            intellectual property rights, or any other rights which may exist or are hereafter
                            developed
                            in
                            respect of any portion of the Website or its Content.
                        


License

                            ALDREES BERTSCHI may assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement to users at
                            any
                            time
                            without
                            notice.
                        


PERMITTED SECONDARY USES


                            The User may freely download copy, display, exhibit, share, or otherwise distribute the
                            Content of this Website for non-commercial purposes only. However, on any such
                            downloading,
                            copying, display, exhibition, sharing or distribution, the User must explicitly
                            acknowledge
                            ALDREES BERTSCHI as the provider of such Content. ALDREES BERTSCHI reserves the right to
                            require the User to
                            delete, destroy or otherwise remove any content that is used in a manner that in ALDREES
                            BERTSCHI’
                            opinion is contrary or otherwise inappropriate, derogatory or offensive.
                        


                            The User agrees that any person to whom the Content is provided directly or indirectly
                            through the User, will be advised of the terms of this Agreement, and that each such
                            person
                            is
                            bound by these terms.
                        


                            The User may in no way modify, reformulate, adapt, alter, adjust, change, disassemble,
                            frame
                            or decrypt any of the Content of this Website.
                        


THIRD-PARTY SUBMISSIONS


                            By posting via email or otherwise any Content, trade secrets, or know-how to this
                            Website,
                            including electronic mail, the User grants to ALDREES BERTSCHI a perpetual,
                            non-exclusive,
                            irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free right and license to use, download, upload, copy,
                            exhibit, display, distribute, publish, post to any other public forum, perform, sell,
                            alter,
                            modify, change, sub-license, create derivative works from and otherwise treat as its own
                            such Content, trade secrets or know-how in whatever manner ALDREES BERTSCHI shall, in
                            its
                            sole
                            discretion, deem appropriate without any form of recognition, credit, acknowledgement,
                            reward or compensation whatsoever for the User's contribution of such Content, trade
                            secrets, or know-how to ALDREES BERTSCHI. Furthermore, ALDREES BERTSCHI, its
                            subsidiaries,
                            affiliates,
                            contractors, agents and/or employees will in no way be responsible or liable for
                            damages,
                            whether they be direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, special, punitive,
                            exemplary or
                            general damages, contribution or indemnity of any kind whatsoever, howsoever caused,
                            resulting from any alterations or additions to its goods, products, programs, promotions
                            and/or services which may resemble any Content, trade secrets, or know-how posted to
                            this
                            Website, including electronic mail, by any User.
                        


                            Furthermore, by posting any Content, trade secrets, or know-how to this Website,
                            including
                            electronic mail, the User represents and warrants that such Content, trade secrets, or
                            know-how is his or her own work, is non-confidential, and its use by ALDREES BERTSCHI in
                            no
                            way
                            violates the intellectual property or other rights of any third parties. The duty to
                            ensure
                            non-infringement of the rights of any third parties rests solely with the User.
                        


                            The User agrees to indemnify, contribute to, and hold harmless ALDREES BERTSCHI, its
                            subsidiaries,
                            affiliates, contractors, agents and/or employees against any liability, be it civil,
                            criminal, or quasi-criminal, resulting from the use, transfer or sub-license by ALDREES
                            BERTSCHI of
                            any Content, trade secrets or know-how provided to ALDREES BERTSCHI by the User.
                            
                            This indemnification shall extend and apply to any payment or other agreement made by
                            ALDREES BERTSCHI, its subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, agents and/or employees in
                            settlement
                            and/or satisfaction of any such claim or potential claim, whether such settlement and/or
                            satisfaction is either full or partial, and whether the payment or other agreement is
                            made
                            or concluded either prior to or following the institution of proceedings against ALDREES
                            BERTSCHI,
                            its subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, agents and/or employees. As part of this
                            indemnification, the User agrees to co-operate with all reasonable requests made by
                            ALDREES
                            BERTSCHI,
                            its subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, agents and/or employees.
                        


RIGHTS TO CONTROL SITE


                            The Content of this Website is subject to change, restriction or termination without any
                            notice to Users.
                        


LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY


                            This site is designed to provide knowledge for informational purposes only. The
                            information
                            is taken from sources believed to be reliable, and the information is believed to be
                            accurate at the time it is posted to the Website. However, there is no way to ensure
                            that
                            the information is accurate at any moment in time.
                        


                            There are certain links on this Website which will lead the User to other sites on the
                            World
                            Wide Web. These links are provided for convenience only, and a link to any other Website
                            should not be taken to imply any endorsement of any other Website by ALDREES BERTSCHI,
                            its
                            subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, agents and/or employees.
                        


                            ALDREES BERTSCHI, its subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, agents and/or employees are
                            in
                            no way
                            responsible or liable for any damages whether they be direct, indirect, consequential,
                            incidental, special, punitive, exemplary or general damages, contribution or indemnity,
                            of
                            any kind whatsoever, howsoever caused, (including, but not limited to, breach of
                            contract,
                            loss of profit, business interruption, loss of business data or information, negligence
                            or
                            other tortious behavior, deletion, error, defect, omission, or destruction of the
                            Content of
                            the Website, unauthorized access to, or alteration of, the Content of this Website by
                            third
                            parties, or employees, or agents of ALDREES BERTSCHI, transmission of material, or any
                            other
                            cause of
                            action, regardless of whether it arises at law or in equity) arising out of the use or
                            non-availability of this Website, or reliance on the Content contained herein, resulting
                            from any decision taken on the basis of information provided through the Website,
                            resulting
                            from the Content of other websites to which any User links through this Website, or
                            resulting from any such change, restriction, or termination of this Website or resulting
                            from the incompatibility of any software downloaded, copied, or otherwise originating
                            from
                            this Website.
                        


                            This limitation of liability shall apply even if ALDREES BERTSCHI, its subsidiaries,
                            affiliates,
                            contractors, agents and/or employees have been advised of the possibility of the damages
                            referred in this notice.
                        


                            This Website is provided "as is". ALDREES BERTSCHI, its subsidiaries, affiliates,
                            contractors, agents
                            and/or employees do not warrant that the use of this Website will be uninterrupted,
                            error-free, stable or suitable for all Users. ALDREES BERTSCHI, its subsidiaries,
                            affiliates,
                            contractors, agents and/or employees make no warranties, either express or implied,
                            about
                            the Website, its availability, or its operation. Without limiting the generality of the
                            foregoing, this includes implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
                            purpose, expectation of privacy, or non-infringement. Any User who accesses this Website
                            does so solely at his or her own risk.
                            
                            The User agrees to indemnify, contribute to and hold harmless ALDREES BERTSCHI, its
                            subsidiaries,
                            affiliates, contractors, agents, and/or employees, against any liability, be it civil,
                            criminal or quasi-criminal, resulting from any violation of any law by the User in their
                            use
                            of this Website. The User shall be responsible to the full extent of any liability,
                            payment
                            or other agreement made by ALDREES BERTSCHI, its subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors,
                            agents and/or
                            employees, in settlement and/or satisfaction of any claim or potential claim, whether
                            such
                            payment or agreement is made or concluded prior to or following the institution of
                            formal
                            proceedings against ALDREES BERTSCHI, its subsidiaries, affiliates, contractors, agents
                            and/or
                            employees.
                        


PRIVACY POLICY

                        At ALDREES BERTSCHI Petroleum & Transport Services Co. (“ALDREES BERTSCHI”), the
                        confidentiality
                        of personal
                        information on Web site users is a top priority. The following statement describes the
                        measures
                        taken by ALDREES BERTSCHI to ensure that your privacy is not infringed as a result of our
                        collection and
                        use of such personal information. It will allow you to better understand when, how and why
                        this
                        information is collected. As this document will occasionally be updated, we recommend that
                        you
                        consult it regularly.
                    

COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

                        To receive one or more of our publications or newsletters, you must complete the appropriate
                        forms, which include contact information that will make it possible for us to send you the
                        requested documents or contact you in the event of a problem. Note that we only collect,
                        online,
                        the information you agree to provide us. Moreover, you can choose to end a subscription or
                        customized service at any time.
                        
                        ALDREES BERTSCHI will not use your personal information for any purposes other than those
                        described in
                        this statement without having obtained your express consent. Furthermore, this information
                        will
                        not be available to any other entity or person other than ALDREES BERTSCHI. ALDREES BERTSCHI
                        will obtain your
                        consent before making any changes to the present privacy statement that would result in
                        sharing
                        or further use of your personal information. You may also, at any time, ask ALDREES BERTSCHI
                        to
                        not make
                        use of or to cease using your personal information.
                        
                        ALDREES BERTSCHI reserves the right, however, to disclose information on the users of its
                        site
                        in the
                        following circumstances: to adhere to the provisions of a law or regulation, to ensure its
                        defense in the event of legal action, or to protect its rights or those of site users.
                    

USE OF COOKIES

                        A cookie is a text-only piece of information that a website transfers to your computer's
                        hard
                        disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will normally contain the name
                        of
                        the internet domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a
                        value,
                        usually a randomly generated unique number.
                        
                        Cookies essentially consist of information on users that servers transmit to browsers when
                        Web
                        sites are viewed. This information can then be recovered at the time of subsequent visits.
                        The
                        information recorded can include items such as the date and hour a Web site was viewed, a
                        reply
                        to an online questionnaire, personal information collected by the server, etc. Cookies can
                        in
                        fact be useful, given that they save information concerning your preferences.
                        
                        Cookies are rarely used on ALDREES BERTSCHI websites. Where used, they control the behavior
                        of
                        automatic
                        pop-up windows to ensure that such windows do not pop up every time you visit the relevant
                        page.
                        Instead, once you have visited a page which contains an automatic pop-up window, a cookie
                        may be
                        deposited on your computer to ensure when you next visit the page the pop up window does not
                        appear.
                        
                        Cookies are not used by ALDREES BERTSCHI or affiliated partners to monitor you or your
                        movements
                        across
                        the website. To control how cookies are used on your computer please read the help
                        information
                        supplied with your internet browser software.
                        Use of cookies is very widespread, with most servers and browsers accepting them by default.
                        To
                        check all the cookies generated, simply look on your hard drive, where these are saved. You
                        can,
                        if you prefer, choose to disable this function on your system.
                    

HYPERLINKS

                        The ALDREES BERTSCHI Web site includes hyperlinks to other Web sites that are not controlled
                        by
                        ALDREES BERTSCHI
                        or its affiliated partners. These links are provided for your convenience, and should
                        subsidiaries not be construed to mean that ALDREES BERTSCHI in any way endorses these sites.
                        ALDREES BERTSCHI is
                        not responsible for information other than that contained on its own site or those of its
                        subsidiaries, and cannot vouch for the accuracy of this information. This privacy statement
                        does
                        not apply to these other sites.
                        
                        We recommend that you read the privacy statement of any site where you will be providing
                        personal information, in order to understand how the information collected will be used.
                    

QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS

                        Please forward any questions, comments or suggestions you may have to the following address:
                        info@aldrees.com


Back

















ALDREES Petroleum and Transport Services Company - Wikipedia





















 






ALDREES Petroleum and Transport Services Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Aldrees)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article does not cite any sources. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (August 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



ALDREES Petroleum and Transport Services Company
شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية والنقليات


Type

Public company


Industry
Petroleum and Transport


Founded
1957


Headquarters
Riyadh



Key people

Hamad Mohammed Aldrees (Chairman)


Products
Gas and Diesel


Website
www.aldrees.com


Aldrees was established in 1957, by selling its oil products stored in barrels and tanks. In 1963 the Company rented its first Petrol Station at Al-Rail Street in Riyadh, the Capital of the Kingdom.
The year 1965 brought real prosperity to the Petroleum Services Division of the Company by having owned its first Petrol Station at Al-Dhahran Street, Malaz located at the center area of Riyadh.
During the past forty-five years of continuous effort, the Petroleum Services Division has firmly expanded its operations in the Kingdom, winning over contracts both from the Government institutions and Private companies. To date the company's Service Stations strategically located kingdom wide to serve its network of clients.
In 2001 the name "ALDREES PETROLEUM" has been conceptualized and replaced the old name "Petroleum Services Division", and at the same time the slogan of which—the word Petrol written going through a symbolic drop of petrol, to symbolize life and development, of which petroleum companies look for.
External links[edit]


Saudi Arabia portal
Energy portal
Companies portal



Official website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=ALDREES_Petroleum_and_Transport_Services_Company&oldid=772513344"					
Categories: 1957 establishments in Saudi ArabiaCompanies established in 1957Companies listed on TadawulCompanies of Saudi ArabiaFilling stations in Saudi ArabiaHidden categories: Articles lacking sources from August 2009All articles lacking sourcesPages using infobox company with unsupported parameters 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


العربية 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 March 2017, at 18:50.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Company - Saudi Arabia - Business1.comFuels1.comRegister for free PagesLogin UsernamePasswordRememberRegisterForgot passwordLogin荷兰语EnglishFrançaisDeutschItalianoPortuguêsРусскийEspañolAldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Company - Saudi ArabiaRiyadh, Saudi Arabia Company profileContactProductsNewsJobsAgendaArticlesBranchesAldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Company - Saudi ArabiaCompany profile:Company type(s):Distributor, Exporter, Importer, Manufacturer, TraderProducts / Services:Fuels: Petroleum Export world part:Certifications:NoneNumber of branches:0Year of establishment:? ? ? ?Turn over:0Contact informationAddress:Khurais Road Po Box 609Zip/Postal code:City/Region:RiyadhCountry:Saudi ArabiaTelephone:+966-1-2355555Email:Contact us Website:-Fax:+966-1-2366666Vat number:-Chamber of Commerce:-
Aldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company - 首頁 | Facebook
















Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁評論相片影片貼文關於社群建立粉絲專頁社群查看全部2,719 人說這讚2,724 個人正在追蹤1,826 人造訪過關於查看全部11421 利雅德 Nadeem+966 11 235 5555Contact Aldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company on Messengerwww.aldrees.com公司 · 石油服務明天會營業目前非營業時間用戶2,719 個讚1,826 個打卡次更多大家都按讚的專頁Mega Trucks In The World社群Aramco Services Company石油服務Pyaare Nabi  Ki Baatain ﷺ本地商家石油服務 （位於利雅德）地標利雅德化工公司石油服務Aldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017評論78 則評論告訴大家你的想法Barkat Chungar · 2016年1月12日aldrees transport limited company in saudi arabia this is really really very nice and so much good company and very good service and and I'm really liked al dress transport company and my computer number 8554 and very good all trucks and trailersMrAltamas Alam · 2016年12月20日This was my company in Saudi...I work  Here for 4 years. And I have visited. . Whole kingdom.Abu Rizwan · 2016年10月20日Aldrees petroleum & transportation company very very nice my name is Rizwan Alamسراج عمر باكيلي · 2014年11月30日تعوذ من ابليس ومؤن من الدريس  اسلام عليكم خلي ولي ابليس شيل بترول من الدريس  f Seek refuge from Satan and from Drees⋯⋯ Zuflucht von Satan und von Dre  শয়তান থেকে এবং Drees থেকে আশ্রয় প্রার্থনা சாத்தான் இருந்து Drees இருந்து அடைக்கலம் பெற Şeytan ve Drees gelen sığınırım Искать убежище от Сатаны и от Drees Et tu quaeres auxilium ab Satanas Drees وبكل لغاااات العالم مونو من الريس الا جود على الاطلاق والاصفاء والاصدق والله اعلم 更多Christian Sherwin Paul Daga-ang · 2016年6月25日This was my company in Saudi.. I work here for six years and I have visited the whole kingdom..Jevert Padillos · 2016年8月29日2 years works to aldrees petroleum transport servicesParvez Alam · 2016年4月11日Aldrees company facilities is very good AlhamdulillahJervy Laurean · 2016年6月14日Aldrees is great.... I loved it... Also the workerNadeem Khan · 2016年9月12日10 year work Aldrees petrol & transport serviceمحمد أحمد لحام · 2016年3月1日شركة قمة في روعة ونتمنى لها التوفيق والنجاح ولزدهارMD Asgar Ali · 2015年11月15日0502960295 md asgar ali ansari madinah saudiya 3530Iqbal Hussain · 2015年6月7日I Am Drivir顯示全部相片顯示全部影片ALDREES Transport12413About ALDREES Company7812ALDREES Petrol17查看全部貼文Aldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 7月20日 4:52 · تعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية و النقليات النتائج المالية الأولية للفترة المنتهية في 30-06-2017 (ستة اشهر) https://goo.gl/QuHEuyتعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية و النقليات النتائج المالية الأولية للفترة المنتهية في... <br/>بندالربع الحاليالربع المماثل من العام السابق% التغيرالربع السابق% التغير<br/>صافي الربحaldrees.comAldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 7月20日 4:46 · Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. announces the interim financial results for the period ending on 30-06-2017 (Six Months) https://goo.gl/kIWYjkALDREES PETROLEUM AND TRANSPORT SERVICES CO. ANNOUNCES THE INTERIM FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE... <br/>ELEMENTCURRENT QUARTERSIMILAR QUARTER FOR PREVIOUS YEAR% CHANGE CURRENTPREVIOUS QUARTER% CHANGE PREVIOUS<br/> <br/>NET PROFITaldrees.com顯示全部貼文Aldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company 新增了 1 張相片。 · 6月23日 · Aldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 6月22日 · نبايع صاحب السمو الملكي الأمير محمد بن سلمان بن عبدالعزيز ولياً للعهد على كتاب الله وسنة رسوله ﷺ سائلين المولى عز وجل لسموه الكريم التوفيق والسداد في خدمة دينه ومليكه ووطنه ..Aldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company 新增了 1 張相片。 · 5月24日 · Aldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 3月13日 ·  · Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. announces the result of the 7th extraordinary general assembly meeting for discussion of Increase in share capital(second meeting) https://goo.gl/A41tXfAldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. announces the result of the 7th extraordinary general assembly meeting for discussion of Increase in share capital(second meeting) - Announcement | ALDREESAldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Company (ALDREES) announces the result of the Extraordinary General Assembly No 7 (second meeting) for itsaldrees.comAldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 3月13日 ·  · تعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية والنقليات عن نتائج اجتماع الجمعية العامة غير العادية السابعة المتضمنة زيادة رأس مال الشركة (الاجتماع الثاني) https://goo.gl/i8j75تعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية والنقليات عن نتائج اجتماع الجمعية العامة العادية السابعة - الإعلاتعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية والنقليات (الدريس) عن نتائج اجتماع الجمعية العامة العادية السابعة والتي عقدت مساء يوم السبت 20/04/1434هـ الموافقaldrees.comAldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 1月17日 ·  · Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. announces the annual financial results for the period ending on 31-12-2016 (12 Months)Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. announces the annual financial results for the period ending on 31-12-2016 (Twelve Months) - Announcement | ALDREES<br/>ELEMENTCURRENT QUARTERSIMILAR QUARTER FOR PREVIOUS YEAR% CHANGE CURRENTPREVIOUS QUARTER% CHANGE PREVIOUS<br/>Net profitaldrees.comAldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 1月17日 ·  · تعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية والنقليات (الدريس) توصية مجلس الإدارة بتوزيع أرباح نقدية على المساهمين عن العام المالي 2016تعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية والنقليات (الدريس) توصية مجلس الإدارة بتوزيع أرباح نقدية على المساهمين عن العام المالي 2016 - الإعلاناتأوصى مجلس إدارة شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية والنقليات (الدريس)في إجتماعه المنعقد بتاريخ 19/04/1438هـ الموافق 17/01/2017م بتوزيع أرباح نقدية علىaldrees.comAldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 1月17日 ·  · Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. announces the distribution of dividend for period fiscal year 2016Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. announces the distribution of dividend for period fiscal year 2016 - Announcement | ALDREESThe Board of Directors of Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. in its meeting held on 17/01/2017G corresponding 19/04/1438H has recommendedaldrees.comAldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 1月17日 ·  · تعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية و النقليات (الدريس) النتائج المالية السنوية للفترة المنتهية في 31-12-2016 (اثنا عشر شهراً)تعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية و النقليات (الدريس) النتائج المالية السنوية للفترة المنتهية في 31-12-2016 (اثنا عشر شهراً) - الإعلانات | الد<br/>بندالربع الحاليالربع المماثل من العام السابق% التغير الحاليالربع السابق% التغير السابق<br/>صافي الربحaldrees.comAldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 1月17日 ·  · تعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية و النقليات الدريس توصية مجلس الإدارة بزيادة رأس مال الشركة عن طريق منح أسهمتعلن شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية و النقليات الدريس توصية مجلس الإدارة بزيادة رأس مال الشركة عن طريق منح أسهم - الإعلانات | الدريسأوصى مجلس إدارة شركة الدريس للخدمات البترولية والنقليات (الدريس) في اجتماعه المنعقد بتاريخ 17-01-2017 للجمعية العامة غير العادية بزيادة رأس مالaldrees.comAldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 1月17日 ·  · The Board of Directors of Aldrees Petroleum And Transport Services Co. has recommended an increase in the company's capital through bonus sharesThe Board of directors of Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. has recommended an increase in the company's capital through bonus shares - Announcement | ALDREESAldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. announces that the Board of directors on his meeting 17-01-2017 has recommended to extraordinary generalaldrees.comAldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 2016年10月19日 · Aldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company announces the signing of contract with Maaden Waad Alshamal for Phosphate Company for the transportation of molten sulphur and phosphoric acid https://goo.gl/8NwlMJALDREES PETROLEUM AND TRANSPORT SERVICES COMPANY ANNOUNCES THE SIGNING OF CONTRACT WITH MAADEN WAAD ALSHAMAL FOR PHOSPHATE COMPANY FOR THE TRANSPORTATION OF MOLTEN SULPHUR AND PHOSPHORIC ACID - Announcement | ALDREESAldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Company (ALDREES) announces the signing of the contract on 18/10/2016 for 4 years starting 01/12/2016 withaldrees.comAldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company · 2016年10月19日 · Aldrees Petroleum & Transport Services Company announces the interim financial results for the period ending on 30-09-2016 (nine months) https://goo.gl/8U4tyNAldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. announces the interim financial results for the period ending on 30-09-2016 (Nine Months) - Announcement | ALDREES<br/>ELEMENTCURRENT QUARTERSIMILAR QUARTER FOR PREVIOUS YEAR% CHANGE CURRENTPREVIOUS QUARTER% CHANGE PREVIOUS<br/>Net profitaldrees.com查看更多

















Aldrees petroleum & Transport Services | Supply Chain Digital








 



            Skip to main content
          



















Search
social1
Facebook
Twitter

Linkedin
Youtube

























Aldrees petroleum & Transport Services




























Aldrees petroleum & Transport Services


  

Read Brochure






Aldrees petroleum & Transport Services









          By Super Admin
 .
Apr 14, 2015, 9:23AM











Driving passion: warehousing wisdom


Aldrees is organized in two major divisions; the Petroleum Services Division and the Transport Services Division. The former owns and operates 478 petrol stations right across the kingdom, and is the retail arm of the business. The Transport Services Division is one of the major customers as well as one of the principal service providers to the retail side, but operates as an independent company. It is one of  the largest logistics provider in the country – and currently very much in expansion mode.

Mohamed Yousri Hanno is Assistant General Manager of Aldrees Transport Services. The company is  involved with local freight deliveries, as well as deliveries to GCC & middle east countries, he explains. With 1,340 tractor units and more than 2,700 road trailers in a huge array of different specifications, its primary concern is the movement of bulk cargoes between the kingdom’s industrial and petrochemical complexes, and its ports on the Red Sea to the west and the Arabian gulf to the east. “

To give a flavour of the size of the operation it is worth looking at some of the major contracts Aldrees services. The largest customers include Saudi Arabia’s leading petrochemical company SABIC, for which Aldrees transports liquid chemicals in stainless steel tanks and Solid Petrochemicals like polypropylene, polyethylene and PVC in bulk and bags, and   the minerals group Maaden whose product includes sulphuric acid at 98 percent concentration as well as phosphoric acid& caustic Soda – hazardous chemicals that require stainless steel and rubber coated tanks. Aldrees also undertakes transportation of Maaden’s oil supplies moves minerals like copper, gold and zinc in containers to Jeddah port for export.


A new product line for Aldrees recently has been the transportation in tipper units of the refinery SATORP’s by-product of pet coke to Jubail Industrial Port, part of an ongoing expansion of the relationship between these two companies. For the National Industrialization Company Tasnee, a demanding new departure is transporting butyl acrylate in special insulated stainless steel tanks, again to Jubail Port.

Cement is an important export commodity for Saudi Arabia, and Aldrees is involved in moving Northern Cement Company’s product in bulk to their customers all over the kingdom as well as keeping the cement plant supplied with petrol, diesel and HFO, which calls for specialised insulated and heated tanks.

Other tasks include moving ilmenite and coke in bulk from Jazan Port to the National Titanium Dioxide Company’s plant 100 kilometres from Jazan Port and bulk sugar, liquid sugar and molasses to customers of United Sugar Company (Savola) in Jeddah & Riyadh. For the Grain Silo & Flour Mill Organization imported wheat is moved from Dammam Port to the silos in Dammam, Madinah & Tabuk. And let’s not forget the product that built modern Saudi Arabia - for Petromin and Shell Aldrees is trucking base oil from Jeddah, Yanbu & Dubai to blending plants in Jeddah & Riyadh, and finished product in bulk and drums to these customers’ clients.

As we mentioned earlier, a really important customer is Aldrees Petroleum Services Division, for which the Transport Division delivers petrol and diesel to every one of the 478 filling stations in 200 dedicated tankers in Aldrees livery. “We make almost 12,000 trips monthly for the fuel stations! They are one of our biggest customers, and of course we are one of theirs because we buy our diesel from them. We win both ways. We buy the fuel from them and they buy the transport service from us.

The entire fleet consists mainly of Mercedes units, though 24 percent are supplied by Volvo and six percent by MAN. These operate out of six strategically situated depots Riyadh (the head office with a 100,000 square metre warehouse); Jeddah, Dammam, Yanbu, Jazan, Haditha on the Jordan border, and Jubail. “Each of the facilities is run by a branch manager with full autonomy, and has its own maintenance facility for the trucks. Naturally they all have their own dispatch facility, plus accommodation for the operations, administration and maintenance staff and drivers. And they are all stocked with the spares needed to keep the trucks on the road.”

While the trucks are regularly updated with the latest fuel efficient models, diesel in Saudi Arabia is cheaper than anywhere in the world except Venezuela. Unlike freight companies in Europe for example Aldrees does not see fuel as a major cost. Tyres are another matter. A little over two years ago, says Mohamed Hanno, the company contracted with Michelin to run its Tyre Management System. “We now have control of every tyre on every truck at any time. At the click of a mouse we can tell the wear condition of that tyre, the mileage it has covered and which axles it has been fitted to.” This is an effective way of ensuring safety while keeping tyre costs down – since the implementation of the system in 2012, he says, average running mileage has increased by around ten percent, and overall tyre costs reduced by a similar factor.

To keep its network working seamlessly, and to manage the complex truck movements, Aldrees developed its own enterprise system together with a sophisticated Transport Management System (TMS), says Hanno. “Right across company all our operations are linked together and all the data is transmitted on line – the orders from the customer either coming to head office or to the branches are constantly tracked and because we have GPS satellite tracking throughout our fleet, from the Riyadh control room we can monitor the trucks wherever they are operating, even outside the Kingdom.”



















Thus, with key costs under control and truck maintenance controlled by Aldrees’ own software a couple of key best practice boxes have been ticked. A third, vital to satisfying the OEMs and maintaining warranties, is the question of which oil to use in Saudi Arabia’s harsh conditions. After a long period of trialling approval was obtained from all three for engine oils developed by Petromin Corporation. This is consistent with Aldrees’ benchmarking policy, Hanno emphasises, which also dictates that all spare parts are sourced from the OEMs’ approved agents, in a market flooded by cheap replicated parts.
Just a year ago, there was a major change in the company’s centre of gravity when Aldrees opened its state of the art new depot in the fast expanding industrial city of Jubail. Because of its key location near to major clients, this is now the most important depot for the division, but there are more reasons for that investment. “We have two terminals there, each 100,000 square metres in area,” he says. “One is for the Transport Division operations and the other for the joint venture we have set up with our Swiss partner Bertschi group. The company is called Aldrees Bertschi Logistics Services Company.”
Bertschi AG is a specialist in logistics and the transport of chemicals by ISO tanks on road, sea and trains in Europe, China and Singapore. It should perhaps be explained that an ISO tank is a container built to the ISO (International Organisation for Standardisation) standard and designed to carry liquids in bulk. The frame which the tank sits in measures about 6 metres long, 2.4 metres wide and between 2.4-2.5 metres high. The tanks vary in size and type and can carry between 21,000 and 40,000 litres of liquid. The new company will be engaged in providing chemical logistics, transport management, warehousing management, cleaning of chemical tanks and related services: it will be managed by a joined team from Aldrees and Bertschi.
Another partnership will see intensive development this year of a completely new line of business for Aldrees – outsourced warehouse management. One major contract already secured by Aldrees together with South African logistics specialist Barloworld is to manage the warehouse operations of existing customer SATORP. “We hired the people and we’ve done thorough in-house training in conjunction with Barloworld. We have a trained multinational workforce.”
This is just the beginning says Mohamed Hanno. “We have also started the quotations and tendering process for several offsite logistics challenges, such as hosting bagging lines and drumming lines in our facilities because many of the new companies moving into Jubail, like Sadara Chemical Company for example, which is constructing the world’s largest chemical complex ever built in a single phase in Jubail Industrial City, and Sipchem simply don’t have the warehousing space and are keen to outsource non-core logistics.” It is a great opportunity for Aldrees as Jubail and other industrial complexes in the kingdom continue to expand, he emphasises.



PARTNERS


Petromin



Arabian Auto Agency



Juffali Tyres Company, Michelin



Feldbinder Spezialfahrzeugwerke GmbH















Facebook Conversations









Aldrees petroleum & Transport Services


  

Read Brochure

















Aldrees petroleum & Transport Services


  

Read Brochure






















PARTNERS


Petromin



Arabian Auto Agency



Juffali Tyres Company, Michelin



Feldbinder Spezialfahrzeugwerke GmbH










Must Read







Top 10: Shipping Companies
 







Supply Chain 4.0:  Adidas and Amazon re-write the rules on supply chain management
 







Ten Reasons You Should Consider a Career in Logistics
 






NEWSLETTER









Supply Chain Digital Weekly 


Top stories of the week





Name 





Your Email  *





















Latest Issues




 

July
 

June


Read Now





















 

NewsLetter









Supply Chain Digital Weekly 


Top stories of the week





Name 





Your Email  *





















Latest Issues




 

July
 

June
 

May
 

April


Read Now



















Must Read







Top 10: Shipping Companies
 







Supply Chain 4.0:  Adidas and Amazon re-write the rules on supply chain management
 







Ten Reasons You Should Consider a Career in Logistics
 









 

NEWSLETTER









Supply Chain Digital Weekly 


Top stories of the week





Name 





Your Email  *



































	Contact Information | ALDREES






















 





















Home | 
                            Careers | Contact Us | 
عربي










                    About Us


                            Overview


                            History


                            Mission and Vision


                            Core Values


                            Quality Standard Marks 


                            IMS Policy




                    Petroleum Services


                            About ALDREES Petrol


                            Our Stations


                            Prepaid Fuel Cards


                            WAIE


                            Fuel Station Locator




                    Transportation Services


                            About ALDREES Transport


                            Dispatch Network


                            Fleet


                            Depots and Workshops


                            Where We Deliver


                            We Track Our Trucks


                            ERP




                    Investor Relations


                            Stock Value


                            Corporate Profile


                            Financial Reports


                            Announcements


                            Stakeholders Assessment




                    Media Center


                            News & Events


                            Photo Gallery


                            Videos




                    Contact Us


                            Contact Information


                            Feedback Form


                            Connect With Us











        Contact Us
    


                Contact Information 

                Feedback Form 

                Connect With Us 







            
    Contact Us

        














        Contact Information




Head Office
Tel:+966 11 235 5555 Fax:+966 11 236 6666 PO Box 609 Riyadh 11421 Saudi Arabia info@aldrees.com

Petrol
Tel:+966 11 235 6666Fax:+966 11 235 7777PO Box 276331 Riyadh 11314 Saudi Arabia petrol@aldrees.com

Transport
Tel:+966 11 812 8389 Fax:+966 11 231 0001 PO Box 43011 Riyadh 11561 Saudi Arabia transport@aldrees.com


 
Toll Free No: 800 122 8800 (Saudi Arabia only)






















 









                About Us

                        Overview

                        History

                        Mission and Vision

                        Core Values

                        Quality Standard Marks 

                        IMS Policy



                Petroleum Services

                        About ALDREES Petrol

                        Our Stations

                        Prepaid Fuel Cards

                        WAIE

                        Fuel Station Locator



                Transportation Services

                        About ALDREES Transport

                        Dispatch Network

                        Fleet

                        Depots and Workshops

                        Where We Deliver

                        We Track Our Trucks

                        ERP



                Investor Relations

                        Stock Value

                        Corporate Profile

                        Financial Reports

                        Announcements

                        Stakeholders Assessment



                Media Center

                        News & Events

                        Photo Gallery

                        Videos



                Contact Us

                        Contact Information

                        Feedback Form

                        Connect With Us




Full Website | Home


                        ©
                        2017
                        ALDREES. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Disclaimer











	ALDREES | Petroleum & Transport Services Company 

















 





















Home | 
                            Careers | Contact Us | 
عربي










                    About Us


                            Overview


                            History


                            Mission and Vision


                            Core Values


                            Quality Standard Marks 


                            IMS Policy




                    Petroleum Services


                            About ALDREES Petrol


                            Our Stations


                            Prepaid Fuel Cards


                            WAIE


                            Fuel Station Locator




                    Transportation Services


                            About ALDREES Transport


                            Dispatch Network


                            Fleet


                            Depots and Workshops


                            Where We Deliver


                            We Track Our Trucks


                            ERP




                    Investor Relations


                            Stock Value


                            Corporate Profile


                            Financial Reports


                            Announcements


                            Stakeholders Assessment




                    Media Center


                            News & Events


                            Photo Gallery


                            Videos




                    Contact Us


                            Contact Information


                            Feedback Form


                            Connect With Us













Our Premium Fuel & ServicesYour Expectations And More >>>



Our Transportation FleetYour Peace Of Mind >>>




Our Electronic Fueling SystemTechnology At Your Service >>>




Our Transportation BusinessYour Interests In Good Hands >>>




Our Fuel StationsYour Satisfaction At All Times >>>




Our Performance Excellence Every Step Of The Way >>>


 







                Announcements |




                Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Co. announces the interim financial results for the period ending on 30-06-2017 (Six Months)
 





            Highlights




                        0 
                            4 
                                7 
                                    4


                Fuel StationsAvailability like no other in the Kingdom.









                        1 
                            2 
                                9 
                                    1


                Truck FleetRoaming the region inside-out.









                        1 
                            . 
                                6 
                                    4


                Millions of Operated TripsMake us a transport leader.











WHO WE ARE?
ALDREES Petroleum & Transport Services Company is a Saudi joint stock company with giant petroleum retail services and multi-commodity transport services in the region.
We pride ourselves of providing quality services to a host of private and government organizations along the years. Our steady growth rates over the past remain the best evidence for our prosperous success today.


FEATURED SERVICES

Petrol Stations
 Trucking and Special Freight
 Prepaid Fuel Cards
WAIE (Electronic Fueling System)
 Station Locator



OUR ADVANTAGES

 Smarter, Safe, Cash-Free Refueling 
RFID-Equipped Pumps
 We Track Our Trucks
 Distribution Network
Fleet
 Workshops and Depots







 
 
 
 
















 









                About Us

                        Overview

                        History

                        Mission and Vision

                        Core Values

                        Quality Standard Marks 

                        IMS Policy



                Petroleum Services

                        About ALDREES Petrol

                        Our Stations

                        Prepaid Fuel Cards

                        WAIE

                        Fuel Station Locator



                Transportation Services

                        About ALDREES Transport

                        Dispatch Network

                        Fleet

                        Depots and Workshops

                        Where We Deliver

                        We Track Our Trucks

                        ERP



                Investor Relations

                        Stock Value

                        Corporate Profile

                        Financial Reports

                        Announcements

                        Stakeholders Assessment



                Media Center

                        News & Events

                        Photo Gallery

                        Videos



                Contact Us

                        Contact Information

                        Feedback Form

                        Connect With Us




Full Website | Home


                        ©
                        2017
                        ALDREES. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Disclaimer











 Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Company (APTSCO) - Company Details on Zawya MENA Edition

















































×
Sector Definitions










Conglomerates






Multi-line








Food and Beverages






Restaurants and Cafes






Cafes










Oil and Gas






Oil






Marketing and Distribution






Fuel Oil Dealers






Petroleum and Petroleum Products Wholesalers






Gasoline Stations












Retail






General Retailers






Grocery and Convenience Stores










Transport






Transportation Products






Automotive






Other Automotive Services










Transportation Services






Ground Transportation






Truck Transportation






General Truck Transportation - Local


















							Companies that operate outlets that primarily prepare and serve beverages (mainly non-alcoholic) such as coffee, juices, and sodas; they may also serve snack foods (including desserts, appetizers, chips, and/or light sandwiches) and sell related products (including coffee beans, mugs, coffee makers, and other accessories). 
						

							Companies that provide passenger and cargo over-the-road transportation services.  Includes companies that offer local and long distance passenger transportation through scheduled and charter buses, taxis, vans, and other motor vehicles; also includes companies that offer local and long distance cargo transportation through scheduled and charter trucks, trailers, and other motor vehicles. 
						

							Companies that design, manufacture, assemble, and distribute automobiles (including passenger cars, small engine vehicles, buses, trucks, motorcycles, recreational vehicles, armored vehicles, military vehicles, and vehicle parts) in addition to companies that provide repair, maintenance, and other support services.
						

							Companies that retail heating oil, liquefied petroleum gas, and other fuels via direct selling. 
						

							Companies that operate stores that sell a wide range of food products (such milk, dairy products, bread, soda, snacks, canned and frozen foods, fresh fruits and vegetables, fresh and prepared meats, fish, and poultry, and other food products, as well as household and personal goods that are consumed regularly).
						

							Companies that own, operate, and /or franchise food services and drinking places that prepare meals, snacks, and beverages to customer order. The companies include casual dining restaurants, fast food and quick service restaurants, upscale dining, cafes, pubs, bars, and clubs.
						

							Companies that provide other services to automotives including oil change and lubrication services, car washes, customizing automotive vehicles, tinting glass, and others services.
						

							Companies that design, manufacture, assemble, and trade in equipment for transporting people and goods (including road automotive equipment, trains, ships, boats, aircrafts, recreational vehicles, and equipment parts).  The industry also includes companies that provide repair, maintenance, and other services related to transportation equipment.
						

							Holding companies that engage in a variety of manufacturing, trading, and/or service industries either directly or indirectly by acquiring other enterprises such that they form a group of companies run as a single organization and under common ownership.
						

							Companies that explore for crude petroleum and natural gas, drill oil and gas wells, and transport oil and gas to processing plants or other destinations; companies that provide oil and gas drilling equipment, and oil and gas field support services; companies that engage in the production of crude petroleum, the mining and extraction of oil from oil shale and sand, the production of natural gas, and the recovery of sulfur and hydrocarbon liquids from natural gas; companies that engage in the marketing and distribution of  oil and gas products; companies that engage in the refining and processing of petroleum and the manufacturing of petrochemical products; companies that develop and operate alternative energy sources; and companies that invest in the oil and gas sector.
						

							Companies that process, manufacture, distribute, and market foodstuffs and beverages for human consumption.  The industry includes companies that process raw materials of animal and vegetable origin into food products, wholesalers of manufactured food products, and companies that produce, market, and bottle alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, soft drinks, juices, water, coffee and tea, and other beverages.
						

							Companies that engage in the marketing and distribution of crude oil and refined petroleum products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, asphalt base, heating oil, kerosene, and liquefied petroleum gas.

						

							Companies that explore for crude petroleum, drill oil wells, and transport oil to processing plants or other destinations; and companies that engage in the production of crude petroleum, the mining and extraction of oil from oil shale and sand, and the marketing and distribution of oil and oil products.
						

							Holding companies that engage in a variety of industries either directly or indirectly by acquiring other enterprises such that they form a group of companies run as a single organization and under common ownership. Conglomerates include organizations with diversified manufacturing, diversified services, diversified trading, and multi-line business activities.
						

							Companies that provide transportation services of passengers and cargo through air, water, ground, and rail; companies that provide postal and messenger services; and companies that provide support services to the industry. 
						

							Companies that provide transportation services (including air, ground, and maritime transportation in addition to logistics services) and design, manufacture, assemble, and distribute transportation products (including aircrafts, automobiles, boats, and rail products).
						

							Companies that own and operate stores that retail general merchandise such that they are capable of retailing a large variety of goods from a single location or from individual point-of-sale locations (including supermarkets and hypermarkets, warehouse clubs and superstores, department stores, duty free stores, grocery and convenience stores, as well as other general retailers).
						

							Companies the provide over-the-road transportation services of cargo on short and long distance routes using trucks and tractor trailers on schedules and charter basis. 
						

							Companies that provide over-the-road transportation services of cargo (including household, institutional, or commercial furniture and equipment) within the same country.  The services include packing and storage in addition to specialized equipment required for transporting sensitive goods.
						

							Companies that engage in buying goods from manufacturers, producers, or importers, either directly or through wholesalers, and organizing the resale of merchandise to the general public in small quantities. Retailers mainly sell merchandise intended for personal or household consumption, but some sell products for business and institutional clients, retailers may provide after-sales services, such as repair and installation, or process activities supplementary to retailing. 
						

							Companies that engage in the wholesale distribution of petroleum and petroleum products (except those with bulk liquid storage facilities), including packaged and bottled petroleum products distributors, truck jobbers, and others marketing petroleum products wholesale.
						

							Companies that operate gasoline stations (including specialized equipment) for retailing, dispensing and storage of automotive fuels (such as diesel fuel, gasohol, and gasoline).
						

















                       THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS 



 Solutions for Corporations 


Eikon


FX Trading


World-Check One


Enhanced Due Diligence


Compliance Learning


Org ID


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing


ONESOURCE Global Trade Management


Legal Managed Services


MatterSphere


Thomson Reuters Projects


Islamic Economy




 Solutions for Emerging Business 


Thomson Reuters Projects


Accelerate SME


Islamic Economy


Business Development MENA




 Solutions for Financial Institutions 


Eikon


Thomson Reuters Elektron


Thomson Reuters FX Trading


World-Check One


Enhanced Due Diligence


Compliance Learning


Org ID


ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager


Legal Managed Services


Westlaw Middle East


Thomson Reuters Practical Law


Islamic Economy


Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME




 Solutions for Governments 


Eikon


Elektron


Eikon Auctions


Revenue Management


World-Check One


Regulatory Intelligence


Audit Manager


Compliance Learning


Enhanced Due Diligence


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


Thomson Reuters Aumentum


Westlaw Middle East


Thomson Reuters MatterSphere


Thomson Reuters ProView


C-Track


Practical Law


Thomson Reuters Projects


Islamic Economy


Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME




 Solutions for Professionals 


Eikon


World-Check One


Compliance Learning


Enhanced Due Diligence


ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing


Legal Managed Services


Westlaw Middle East





LOGIN
REGISTER
You are on:


 MENA - ENGLISH 


MENA - ENGLISH
UAE - ENGLISH
KSA - ENGLISH
الشرْقُ الأوسَط
السعودية
الإمارات












Search









 


Dubai


                            
                            
                            01 Aug 2017
                        
















Advertisement







last updated on: 05 December 2016
Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Company 

		    
			    Also known as:
			    
    			    APTSCO, 
			    
    			    Aldrees



                            
                            
                            last trade:
                                26.25 SAR (01 August 2017) 
 0.20



Share profile














Advertisement






                                        Company Details
People
Related News
Similar Companies




fast facts

Business Summary
Distribution of fuel oils, petroleum products and lubricants; ownership and operation of gas stations, cafes and convenience stores; provides automotive services including oil change and car wash; offers local ground transportation services.


Country of Incorporation
Saudi Arabia


Ownership Type
Publicly Listed


Established In
1962


Primary Sector
Oil and Gas


Stock Listing



ID
Stock Type
Currency
Exchange
Symbol


4200.SSE
Ordinary
SAR
Saudi SE
4200







                Stock Performance
                Powered by Thomson Reuters Eikon


 




Last Trade
26.25


Net Change
0.20 


Percent Change
1.00%  




Open
25.90


High
26.30


Low
25.85 




Volume
196,615


Transactions
261


Value Traded
5,134,073


Market Cap
SAR 1,050M










Contact details


Primary address

                            
                            Aldrees Petroleum and Transport Services Company
                            Khurais Road, Exit 28
                            
                            Al Naseem Area
                            609
                            Saudi Arabia
                            Riyadh
                            11421
                        

Region
Riyadh



CONTACT

Tel: +966 11-235-5555
Fax: +966 11-236-6666
Email: info@aldrees.com

www.aldrees.com






Zawya industry classifications

SECTOR
(Definitions)

INDUSTRY




Conglomerates





                                    Multi-line
                                






Oil and Gas





                                    Oil
                                





                                                Marketing and Distribution
                                            





                                                            Fuel Oil Dealers (Primary Industry)
                                                        





                                                            Gasoline Stations
                                                        





                                                            Petroleum and Petroleum Products Wholesalers
                                                        










Food and Beverages





                                    Restaurants and Cafes
                                





                                                Cafes
                                            








Retail





                                    General Retailers
                                





                                                Grocery and Convenience Stores
                                            








Transport





                                    Transportation Products
                                





                                                Automotive
                                            





                                                            Other Automotive Services
                                                        









                                    Transportation Services
                                





                                                Ground Transportation
                                            





                                                            Truck Transportation
                                                        





                                                                        General Truck Transportation - Local
                                                                    

















Advertisement



Ask Our Analyst

Have questions regarding this company profile? Get expert analysis and insight from our team of analysts.
Talk to Zawya CM Analyst



Company information provided by © 2017 Thomson Reuters

                                            Thomson Reuters research team update company information from primary sources (company annual reports, press releases, company websites, corporate briefings, official statements/interviews) and reliable secondary sources (stock markets, reliable third party publications).
                                        







		Top Business News
	







uae

Dubai introduces crowdfunding rules in boost for small businesses

Reuters News -
							55 minutes ago









islamic finance

Abu Dhabi gives new deadline as 1MDB misses $600mln payment

Reuters News -
							4 hours ago









construction

Arabtec secures $171mln contract from Damac

Zawya -
							8 hours ago








                Related news
            




Alkhabeer Capital's net income surges 17% in '15
JEDDAH -- Alkhabeer Capital, the asset management and investment firm headquartered in Jeddah, reported a 17% rise in net income in 2015 at SR67.15 million, from SR57.3 million in FY14. Earnings per share climbed 18 percent to SR0.83. At the close of the year, total assets under management had grown by 21 percent to over SR4billion, and the company's own investments jumped in value by 70 percent,
The Saudi Gazette - 07-Apr-2016



Alkhabeer Capital appoints Aldrees as chairman
THE Board of Directors of Alkhabeer Capital, a leading asset management and investment firm based in Saudi Arabia authorized by the Capital Markets Authority, announced Wednesday that it has accepted the resignation of Saleh Mohammed Binladen from his position as Chairman of the Board of Directors, for personal reasons. The board also announced the appointment of Musaad Mohammad Aldrees in his
The Saudi Gazette - 08-Oct-2015



Alkhabeer Capital Appoints Musaad Mohammad Aldrees As Chairman
Jeddah, Saudi Arabia - The Board of Directors of Alkhabeer Capital, a leading asset management and investment firm based in Saudi Arabia authorized by the Capital Markets Authority (license number 37-07074), announced today that it has accepted the resignation of Mr. Saleh Mohammed Binladen from his position as  Chairman of the Board of Directors, for personal reasons. The board also announced
Press Release - 07-Oct-2015



Saudi listed retail firms' profits rise 10% to $2.7bn
Net profits of the listed retail firms grew by 10 percent to SR2.7 billion by the end of 2014 compared to SR2.5 billion in 2013, according to a financial report.The profit growth was mainly driven by the increased profits of five companies, namely Jarir Marketing, Saudi Automotive Services Co. (SASCO), Mouwasat Medical Services Co. (Mouwasat), Al-Othaim Markets, and ALDREES Petroleum &
Arab News - 14-Feb-2015



Saudi listed retail firms' profits rise 10% to USD2.7bn
Net profits of the listed retail firms grew by 10 percent to SR2.7 billion by the end of 2014 compared to SR2.5 billion in 2013, according to a financial report.The profit growth was mainly driven by the increased profits of five companies, namely Jarir Marketing, Saudi Automotive Services Co. (SASCO), Mouwasat Medical Services Co. (Mouwasat), Al-Othaim Markets, and ALDREES Petroleum &
Arab News - 12-Feb-2015





		Find Companies
	















			GO
		


Or choose a preset list 








				GO
			





Advertisement



most viewed companies














Discover Thomson Reuters



Opinion





Opinion - Blake Goud
How the Paris Agreement offers $8 trillion a year in business opportunities



Despite Trump's withdrawal, business groups have identified significant benefits from the climate change accord.








Opinion - Lukman Otunuga
Potential outcomes for the commodity sector as a result of the OPEC meeting in Russia



All in all, oversupply will continue to dominate price action in the oil markets for the foreseeable future



Read more opinions 




Special Coverage

The new age of finance


Forward-thinking solutions enabling finance professionals to drive their businesses transformation.

To continue reading about...



FinTech licensing framework in the UAE
Blockchain, the Law and Dubai's grand plan
How CFOs can lead cloud adoption





Advertisement





































