



香港莎莎官网 - 正品美妆海淘商城,化妆品护肤品海外购首选

































                欢迎光临莎莎网！
    
登录
或
免费注册



        您好！

VIP 
0 积分
退出




 我的账户

我的订单
我的积分
我的优惠券
我的收藏
我的评价




我的购物车








我的收藏
      

我的站內信

积分中心
Global site

关注我们 























 












搜索


精华
保湿
面霜
眼霜
资生堂
补水
瑞士葆丽美

















全部分类
        




面部护肤




洁面/磨砂

泡沫洁面乳
洁面摩丝
洁面啫喱
洁面奶
洁面皂
洁面粉
磨砂膏
磨砂啫喱



眼部/唇部/颈部护理

眼霜
眼胶
眼部精化/疗程
眼膜
睡眠免洗式眼膜
润唇膏
唇部精化
唇膜
唇部磨砂
颈霜
颈精华
颈膜



面膜

面膜贴
水洗式面膜
睡眠面膜
面膜粉
面膜泥





防晒护理

防晒乳液
防晒啫喱
防晒喷雾
防晒膏
晒后护理
晒黑用品
防晒伞



暗疮护理

暗疮膏
暗疮精华
黑头导出液/膏
撕拉式鼻贴/鼻膜
暗疮针



精华/化妆水

精华液
精华素/疗程
柔肤水
精华水
爽肤水
紧肤水
保湿喷雾





卸妆

卸妆油
眼/唇专用卸妆液
卸妆水
卸妆乳
卸妆啫喱
卸妆纸巾








彩妆




面部彩妆

隔离霜
粉底
遮瑕
BB霜
CC霜
胭脂



眼部彩妆

眉笔/眉粉
眼影
眼线
睫毛膏



其他

美唇
彩妆盒/套装
化妆棉
化妆工具
美甲








香水




香水

女士香水
男士香水
香水套装
香水工具








健康美肌




健康美肌

美容补充品
保健品
非处方药
健康零食
天然草本茶








纤体美胸




纤体美胸

纤体护理
纤体食品
纤体工具
纤体套装
美胸用品








个人护理




身体护理

沐浴/润肤
洗发/护发
头发造型
手足部护理
脱毛用品
女性护理
止汗香体



其他

隐形眼镜
口腔护理
家具用品
头饰/饰物








男士专区




男士专区

男士洁面
男士护肤
剃须护理
男士头部护理








孕婴护理




孕婴护理

母婴团
婴儿沐浴
婴儿护肤
婴儿食品
孕妇护肤
孕妇食品
其他孕婴工具













面部护肤

/

彩妆

/

限时特卖

/

贵宾专享

/

闪电保税专区

/

清仓特卖

/

所有品牌


热门品牌





                                    森田药妆 
                                    SAM TIN                                



                                    希思黎 
                                    Sisley                                



                                    雅诗兰黛 
                                    Estee Lauder                                



                                    兰蔻 
                                    Lancome                                



                                    SK-II                                



                                    资生堂 
                                    Shiseido                                



                                    高丝 
                                    Kose                                



                                    雅漾 
                                    Avene                                


查看全部品牌





















































			公告
		


【特别声明】冒充莎莎网客服人员。查看详情
【郑州保税仓公告】点击查看详情
【特别声明】冒充莎莎网客服人员。查看详情
【物流提示公告】莎莎网年度盘点及复活节假期
【特别声明】冒充莎莎网客服人员。查看详情
【特别声明】冒充莎莎网客服人员。查看详情







必看
特卖
新品
排行榜



















满¥168免邮
适用于保税仓商品






正品保证
专注美妆护肤39年






香港直邮
香港直发 美丽到家






30天退换保证
为您提供售后无忧保障






香港上市
股票代码: HK00178

















        每天09:00准时开抢
    




查看更多特卖 ►






    所有分类
  








                       































该货品暂时缺货，请在下面输入您的邮箱地址或手机号码，当我们有现货供应时，我们会发送邮件通知您！





邮箱地址：

 


手机号码：

 




提交 













满¥168免邮
适用于保税仓商品






正品保证
专注美妆护肤39年






香港直邮
香港直发 美丽到家






30天退换保证
为您提供售后无忧保障






香港上市
股票代码: HK00178














新手上路


购物流程
 
优惠券说明
 
常见问题
 
联络我们
 
购物流程
 
常见问题





付款方式


在线支付
 
积分支付





配送方式


配送说明
 
追踪订单





售后服务


正品保证
 
价格承诺
 
30日退换保证
 
退款程序
 
更改订单





莎莎会员


积分奖赏
 
VIP会员计划

















        莎莎网官方微信
    

        ID:hksasadotcom
    








        莎莎网官方微博
    

        @莎莎网
    
















					我的账户
					◆




购物车
0


购物车






					我的收藏
					◆





					浏览记录
					◆






						最近查看
					









					线上客服
					◆






◆




TOP


























© Copyright 2000-2016 Sa Sa dot Com Limited 版权所有。                                                                                                                           莎莎国际控股有限公司成员
 




关于莎莎
|
使用条款
|
隐私策略
|
批发服务
|
招商合作
|
帮助中心
|
港澳店铺推广
|
人才招聘
|
联络我们
|
其他送货地区
|


            Copyright 2000-2016 Sa Sa dot Com Limited  版权所有莎莎国际控股有限公司成员
        









 



















BP Global













            Cookie notification

            We have placed cookies on your computer to help make this website better. You can change your cookie settings at any time. Otherwise, we'll assume you're OK to continue.










Global
















                    Careers







BP:
        GBp 
( )
        USD 
( )
        
        *
    


Share price feed currently unavailable



Enable javascript for shareprice












S
Search





















BP announces second quarter results
A solid first half with strong operational performance, strong cash flow and considerable strategic momentum

Read more























'The future is bright, but different'
Group chief executive Bob Dudley on BP's half-year results and the business outlook














A visual guide to 2Q results
Find out the headlines and the key numbers at a glance in this infographic














BP's 2017 major projects
Find out about the seven major projects we plan to deliver this year. Get the details, view the galleries, watch the videos and more





















About BP





The world is changing fast and BP is changing with it. The mix of energy that provides heat, light and mobility for billions of people is shifting towards lower carbon sources, driven by advances in technology and growing concerns about climate change. We're determined to play our part in this transition - helping to meet the world's need for more energy while also reducing carbon emissions








The energy transition














Search for a job at BP
Our commitment to building a stronger, more sustainable energy future is matched by our commitment to the people who will make it a reality












BP worldwide
With operations around the world, chances are BP does something where you are. Find out what we do in your country
















Investors










"We continue to position BP for the new oil price environment, with a continued tight focus on costs, efficiency and discipline in capital spending. We delivered strong operational performance in the first half of 2017 and have considerable strategic momentum coming into the rest of the year and 2018, with rising production from our new Upstream projects and marketing growth in the Downstream" - Bob Dudley, group chief executive









                    Results and webcast





                    Investors section













Also on bp.com










Advancing the energy transition
Our industry is changing faster than at any time in our life time. In BP, we will help drive this transition – and our business will be transformed by it

















BP Statistical Review of World Energy
The 2017 Review was launched on 13 June with a live webcast hosted by Lamar McKay and Spencer Dale. Download the materials or watch the webcast replay







Press releases




Please select a filter and/or a date range




1 August 2017
Second quarter 2017 results


19 July 2017
BP Target Neutral expands carbon offset portfolio


29 June 2017
BP 2Q 2017 exploration highlights










Full press release listing


















Key documents





                    Statistical Review 2017 (pdf 6.5 MB)






                    2Q 2017 results  (pdf 496 KB)






                    Annual Report and 20-F 2016 (pdf 9.8 MB)






                    Sustainability Report 2016 (pdf 8 MB)






                    Energy Outlook (pdf 986.1 KB)








Country websites





                    United States





                    United Kingdom





                    India





                    Germany





                    Full BP worldwide listing







Most frequent searches





                    Careers at BP





                    Gas and credit cards (US)





                    Contact information





                    Statistical Review of World Energy





                    Dividend information






BP Global












New product development - Wikipedia





















 






New product development

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article may require cleanup to meet Wikipedia's quality standards. The specific problem is: article is overly business- and marketing-centric; does not adequately cover the technical/engineering side of New product development. See Talk page. Please help improve this article if you can. (May 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article needs attention from an expert in Economics. Please add a reason or a talk parameter to this template to explain the issue with the article. WikiProject Economics may be able to help recruit an expert. (November 2008)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In business and engineering, new product development (NPD) covers the complete process of bringing a new product to market. New product development is described in the literature[which?] as the transformation of a market opportunity into a product available for sale. The product can be tangible (something physical which one can touch) or intangible (like a service, experience, or belief). A good understanding of customer needs and wants, of the competitive environment and of the nature of the market represents the top required factor for the success of a new product.[1] Cost, time and quality are the main variables that drive customer needs. Aiming at these three variables, companies develop continuous practices and strategies to better satisfy customer requirements and to increase their own market share by a regular development of new products.[citation needed] There are many uncertainties and challenges which companies must face throughout the process. The use of best practices and the elimination of barriers to communication are the main concerns for the management of the NPD process.[citation needed]



Contents


1 Process structure
2 Models
3 Marketing considerations

3.1 Fuzzy Front End
3.2 Other approaches


4 Organizations
5 Strategies
6 Management
7 Related fields
8 See also
9 References



Process structure[edit]
The product development process typically consists of several activities that firms employ in the complex process of delivering new products to the market. A process management approach is used to provide a structure for NPD consistency and to enable continuous improvement. Every new product will pass through a series of stages from ideation through design, manufacturing and market introduction. In highly engineered products (aircraft, automotive, machinery) that deals with complexity the NPD process passes through phases, milestones and deliverables management requiring an equally complex organizational system to manage the process. The more complex the product the more complex the NPD process and management system. Complex NPD processes especially in military aircraft projects use an integrated product team approach. The process for managing large sale complex engineering products is much slower (10 plus years) than that deployed for fast moving consumer goods (weeks).
The product development process basically has four main phases:

Fuzzy front-end (FFE) is the set of activities employed before the formal and well defined requirements specification is completed. Requirements are a high-level view of what the product should do to meet the perceived market or business need.
Product design is the development of both the high-level and detailed-level design of the product: which turns the what of the requirements into a specific how this particular product will meet those requirements. On the marketing and planning side, this phase ends at pre-commercialization analysis[clarification needed] stage.
Product implementation is the phase of detailed engineering design of mechanical or electrical hardware, or the software engineering of software or embedded software, or design of soft goods or other product forms, as well as of any test process that may be used to validate that the prototype objects actually meet the design specification and the requirements specification that was previously agreed to.
Fuzzy back-end or commercialization phase represent the action steps where the production and market launch occur.

The front-end marketing phases have been very well researched, with valuable models proposed. Peter Koen et al. provides a five-step front-end activity called front-end innovation: opportunity identification, opportunity analysis, idea genesis, idea selection, and idea and technology development. He also includes an engine in the middle of the five front-end stages and the possible outside barriers that can influence the process outcome. The engine represents the management driving the activities described. The front end of the innovation is the greatest area of weakness in the NPD process. This is mainly because the FFE is often chaotic, unpredictable and unstructured.[2][dead link] Engineering design is the process whereby a technical solution is developed iteratively to solve a given problem[3][4][5] The design stage is very important because at this stage most of the product life cycle costs are engaged. Previous research shows that 70–80% of the final product quality and 70% of the product entire life-cycle cost are determined in the product design phase, therefore the design-manufacturing interface represent the greatest opportunity for cost reduction.[6] Design projects last from a few weeks to three years with an average of one year.[7] Design and Commercialization phases usually start a very early collaboration. When the concept design is finished it will be sent to manufacturing plant for prototyping, developing a Concurrent Engineering approach by implementing practices such as QFD, DFM/DFA and more. The output of the design (engineering) is a set of product and process specifications – mostly in the form of drawings, and the output of manufacturing is the product ready for sale.[8] Basically, the design team will develop drawings with technical specifications representing the future product, and will send it to the manufacturing plant to be executed. Solving product/process fit problems is of high priority in information communication design because 90% of the development effort must be scrapped if any changes are made after the release to manufacturing.[8]
Models[edit]
Conceptual models have been designed in order to facilitate a smooth process. The concept adopted by IDEO, a successful design and consulting firm, is one of the most researched processes in regard to new product development and is a five-step procedure.[9] These steps are listed in chronological order:

Understand and observe the market, the client, the technology, and the limitations of the problem;
Synthesize the information collected at the first step;
Visualise new customers using the product;
Prototype, evaluate and improve the concept;
Implementation of design changes which are associated with more technologically advanced procedures and therefore this step will require more time.

One of the first developed models that today companies still use in the NPD process is the Booz, Allen and Hamilton (BAH) Model, published in 1982.[10] This is the best known model because it underlies the NPD systems that have been put forward later.[11] This model represent the foundation of all the other models that have been developed afterwards. Significant work has been conducted in order to propose better models, but in fact these models can be easily linked to BAH model. The seven steps of BAH model are: new product strategy, idea generation, screening and evaluation, business analysis, development, testing, and commercialization.
A pioneer of NPD research in the consumers goods sector is Robert G. Cooper. Over the last two decades he conducted significant work in the area of NPD. The Stage-Gate model developed in the 1980s was proposed as a new tool for managing new products development processes. This was mainly applied to the consumers goods industry.[12] The 2010 APQC benchmarking study reveals that 88% of U.S. businesses employ a stage-gate system to manage new products, from idea to launch. In return, the companies that adopt this system are reported to receive benefits such as improved teamwork, shorter cycle time, improved success rates, earlier detection of failure, a better launch, and even shorter cycle times – reduced by about 30%.[13] These findings highlight the importance of the stage-gate model in the area of new product development.
Over the last few years, the Lean Startup movement has grown in popularity, challenging many of the assumptions inherent in the stage-gate model.
Marketing considerations[edit]
There have been a number of approaches proposed for analyzing and responding to the marketing challenges of new product development. Two of these are the eight stages process of Peter Koen of the Stevens Institute of Technology, and a process known as the fuzzy front end.
Fuzzy Front End[edit]
The Fuzzy Front End (FFE) is the messy "getting started" period of new product engineering development processes. It is in the front end where the organization formulates a concept of the product to be developed and decides whether or not to invest resources in the further development of an idea. It is the phase between first consideration of an opportunity and when it is judged ready to enter the structured development process (Kim and Wilemon, 2007;[14] Koen et al., 2001).[15] It includes all activities from the search for new opportunities through the formation of a germ of an idea to the development of a precise concept. The Fuzzy Front End phase ends when an organization approves and begins formal development of the concept.
Although the Fuzzy Front End may not be an expensive part of product development, it can consume 50% of development time (see Chapter 3 of the Smith and Reinertsen reference below),[16] and it is where major commitments are typically made involving time, money, and the product's nature, thus setting the course for the entire project and final end product. Consequently, this phase should be considered as an essential part of development rather than something that happens "before development," and its cycle time should be included in the total development cycle time.
Koen et al. distinguish five different front-end elements (not necessarily in a particular order):[15]

Opportunity Identification
Opportunity Analysis
Idea Genesis
Idea Selection
Idea and Technology Development


The first element is the opportunity identification. In this element, large or incremental business and technological chances are identified in a more or less structured way. Using the guidelines established here, resources will eventually be allocated to new projects.... which then lead to a structured NPPD (New Product & Process Development) strategy.
The second element is the opportunity analysis. It is done to translate the identified opportunities into implications for the business and technology specific context of the company. Here extensive efforts may be made to align ideas to target customer groups and do market studies and/or technical trials and research.
The third element is the idea genesis, which is described as evolutionary and iterative process progressing from birth to maturation of the opportunity into a tangible idea. The process of the idea genesis can be made internally or come from outside inputs, e.g. a supplier offering a new material/technology or from a customer with an unusual request.
The fourth element is the idea selection. Its purpose is to choose whether to pursue an idea by analyzing its potential business value.
The fifth element is the idea and technology development. During this part of the front-end, the business case is developed based on estimates of the total available market, customer needs, investment requirements, competition analysis and project uncertainty. Some organizations consider this to be the first stage of the NPPD process (i.e., Stage 0).

The Fuzzy Front End is also described in literature[by whom?] as "Front End of Innovation", "Phase 0", "Stage 0" or "Pre-Project-Activities".[citation needed]
A universally acceptable definition for Fuzzy Front End or a dominant framework has not been developed so far.[17] In a glossary of PDMA,[18] it is mentioned that the Fuzzy Front End generally consists of three tasks: strategic planning, idea generation, and, especially, pre-technical evaluation. These activities are often chaotic, unpredictable, and unstructured. In comparison, the subsequent new product development process is typically structured, predictable, and formal. The term Fuzzy Front End was first popularized by Smith and Reinertsen (1991).[19] R.G. Cooper (1988)[20] describes the early stages of NPPD as a four-step process in which ideas are generated (I), subjected to a preliminary technical and market assessment (II) and merged to coherent product concepts (III) which are finally judged for their fit with existing product strategies and portfolios (IV).
Other approaches[edit]
Other authors have divided predevelopment product development activities differently:[21]

Preliminary
Technical assessment
Source-of-supply assessment: suppliers and partners or alliances
Market research: market size and segmentation analysis, VoC (voice of the customer) research
Product idea testing
Customer value assessment
Product definition
Business and financial analysis

These activities yield essential information to make a Go/No-Go to Development decision.
One of the earliest[citation needed] studies using the case study method defined the front-end to include the interrelated activities of:[22]

product strategy formulation and communication
opportunity identification and assessment
idea generation
product definition
project planning
executive reviews

Economical analysis, benchmarking of competitive products and modeling and prototyping are also important activities during the front-end activities. The outcomes of FFE are the:[citation needed]

mission statement
customer needs
details of the selected idea
product definition and specifications
economic analysis of the product
the development schedule
project staffing and the budget
a business plan aligned with corporate strategy

A conceptual model of Front-End Process was proposed which includes early phases of the innovation process. This model is structured in three phases and three gates:[23]

Phase 1: Environmental screening or opportunity identification stage in which external changes will be analysed and translated into potential business opportunities.
Phase 2: Preliminary definition of an idea or concept.
Phase 3: Detailed product, project or service definition, and Business planning.

The gates are:

Opportunity screening
Idea evaluation
Go/No-Go for development

The final gate leads to a dedicated new product development project. Many professionals and academics consider that the general features of Fuzzy Front End (fuzziness, ambiguity, and uncertainty) make it difficult to see the FFE as a structured process, but rather as a set of interdependent activities ( e.g. Kim and Wilemon, 2002).[24] However, Husig et al., 2005 [10] argue that front-end not need to be fuzzy, but can be handled in a structured manner. In fact Carbone [25][26] showed that when using the front end success factors in an integrated process, product success is increased. Peter Koen[27] argues that in the FFE for incremental, platform and radical projects, three separate strategies and processes are typically involved.[27] The traditional Stage Gate (TM) process was designed for incremental product development, namely for a single product. The FFE for developing a new platform must start out with a strategic vision of where the company wants to develop products and this will lead to a family of products. Projects for breakthrough products start out with a similar strategic vision, but are associated with technologies which require new discoveries.
Incremental, platform and breakthrough products include:[27]

Incremental products are considered to be cost reductions, improvements to existing product lines, additions to existing platforms and repositioning of existing products introduced in markets.
Breakthrough products are new to the company or new to the world and offer a 5-10 times or greater improvement in performance combined with a 30-50% or greater reduction in costs.
Platform products establish a basic architecture for a next generation product or process and are substantially larger in scope and resources than incremental projects.

Organizations[edit]

Product Development and Management Association (PDMA)
Association of International Product Marketing & Management
ISPIM (The International Society for Professional Innovation Management)
Society of Concurrent Product Development (SCPD)

Strategies[edit]

Lean product development
Design for six sigma
Flexible product development
Quality function deployment
Phase–gate model
User-centered design

Management[edit]





This section may need to be rewritten entirely to comply with Wikipedia's quality standards, as it consists of lists, where coherent text should be. Phrasing is sometimes confused / confusing at best. You can help. The discussion page may contain suggestions. (September 2014)


[28] Companies must take a holistic approach to managing this process and must continue to innovate and develop new products if they want to grow and prosper.

CUSTOMER CENTERED New Product Development. Focuses on:

Finding new ways to solve customer problems.
Create more customer-satisfying experience


Companies often rely on technology, but the real success comes from understanding customer needs and values.
The most successful companies were the ones that:


Differentiated from others
Solved major customer problems
Offered a compelling customer value proposition
Engaged customer directly


TEAM BASED New Product Development

An approach:
To deserving new products in which various company's departments work closely together overlapping the steps in the product development process in order to:

Save time
Increase effectiveness


Company departments work closely together in cross functional teams overlapping the steps in the product development process (to save time and increase effectiveness).
Those departments are: legal, marketing, finances, design and manufacturing, suppliers and customer companies.
If there is a problem, all the company can work.


SYSTEMATIC New Product Development

Development process should be holistic (alternative) and systematic not to good ideas die.
This process is installed on Innovation Management System that collect, review, evaluate new product ideas and manage

the company appoints to a senior person to be the Innovation Manager who encourage all the company
employees, suppliers, distributors and dealers to become involved in finding and developing new products.


Then, there is a Cross-Functional Innovation Management Committee which:

Evaluate new products ideas
Help bringing good ideas


To sum up, New-Product success requires:
New ways to create valued customer experience, from generating and screening new product ideas to create and roll out want-satisfying products.


New Product Development IN TURBULENT TIMES

When we are in a tough economic situation usually management reduces spending on: new-product development. Usually it is done from a short-sighted point of view.
Tough times might even call for:

Greater new-product development, offering solutions for changing customer needs and tastes.
Innovation helps
Making the company more competitive
Positioning it better for future.




Virtual product development

Uses collaboration technology to remove need for co-located teams
Reduces G&A overhead costs of consulting firms
Advent of 24-hour development cycle



Related fields[edit]

End user
Brand management
Engineering
Industrial design
Marketing
Product management

See also[edit]

Choice modelling
Conceptual economy
Product lifecycle
Pro-innovation bias
Requirements management
Social design
Market penetration

References[edit]


^ Kahn, Kenneth B. (2012). The PDMA handbook of new product development (3 ed.). Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons Inc. ISBN 978-0-470-64820-9. A thorough understanding of customers' needs and wants, the competitive situation, and the nature of the market is an essential component of new product success. 
^ Koen, Peter A. "The fuzzy front-end for incremental, breakthrough and platform products and services" (PDF). Consortium for corporate entrepreneurship. Retrieved February 5, 2017. 
^ Smith, P. Robert; Eppinger, P. Steven (1997). "Identifying controlling features of engineering design iteration". Management Science. 43 (3): 276–293. doi:10.1287/mnsc.43.3.276. 
^ Yassine, Ali; Braha, Dan (2003),"Complex Concurrent Engineering and the Design Structure Matrix Approach." Concurrent Engineering: Research and Applications, 11 (3):165-177
^ Yassine, Ali; Joglekar, Nitin; Braha, Dan; Eppinger, Steven; Whitney, Daniel (2003),"Information hiding in product development: the design churn effect." Research in Engineering Design, 14 (3): 131-144.
^ Yan-mei, Zhou (2009). "Cost-benefit of interface management improvement in design-manufacturing chain". Chinese academy of science and technology management. 14 (3): 380–384.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Hargadon, Andrew (1997). "Technology brokering and innovation in a product development firm". Administrative Science Quarterly. 42 (4): 716–749. doi:10.2307/2393655. 
^ a b Adler, S. Paul (1995). "Interdepartmental interdependence and coordination: the case of the design/manufacturing interface". Organisation Science. 6 (2): 147–167. doi:10.1287/orsc.6.2.147. 
^ Moen, Ron. "A review of the IDEO process". http://www.rwjf.org/content/dam/web-assets/2001/10/a-review-of-the-ideo-process.  External link in |website= (help); Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Allen & Hamilton, Booz. "New products management for the 1980s". Booz, Allen & Hamilton - original from Indiana University.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Bruiyan, Nadia (2011). "A framework for successful new product development". Journal of Industrial Engineering and Management. 4 (4): 746–770.  |access-date= requires |url= (help)
^ Cooper, Robert (1990). "Stage-gare systems: A new tool for managing new products". Business Horizons. 33 (3): 44–55. doi:10.1016/0007-6813(90)90040-i. 
^ Kenneth, Kahn (2013). The PDMA handbook of new product development (Third ed.). Hoboken, New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons Inc. p. 34. ISBN 978-0-470-64820-9. 
^ Kim, J.; Wilemon, D. (2007). "Sources and assessment of complexity in NPD projects". R&D Management. 33 (1): 16–30. 
^ a b Koen; et al. (2007). "Providing clarity and a common language to the 'fuzzy front end'". Research Technology Management. 44 (2): 46–55. 
^ Smith, Preston G. and Reinertsen, Donald G. (1998) Developing Products in Half the Time, 2nd Edition, John Wiley and Sons, New York, 1998.
^ Husig and Kohn (2003), Factors influencing the Front End of the Innovation Process: A comprehensive Review of Selected empirical NPD and explorative FFE Studies, Brusell, Juni 2003, p.14.
^ "The PDMA Glossary for New Product Development". Product Development & Management Association. 2006. 
^ Smith, Preston G., Reinertsen Donald G. (1991) Developing products in half the time, Van Nostrand Reinhold, New York
^ Cooper, R.G. Predevelopment activities determine new product success, in: Industrial Marketing Management, Vol.17 (1988), No 2, pp. 237-248
^ Cooper R.G., Edgett, S.J. (2008), Maximizing productivity in product innovation, in: Research Technology Management, March 1, 2008
^ Khurana, A; Rosenthal, S.R. (1998). "Towards Holistic 'Front Ends' in New Product Development". Journal of Product Innovation Management. 15 (1): 57–75. doi:10.1016/S0737-6782(97)00066-0. 
^ Husig, S; Kohn, S; Poskela, J (2005). The Role of Process Formalisation in the early Phases of the Innovation Process. 12th Int. Prod. Development Conf. Copenhagen. 
^ Kim, J., Wilemon, D. (2002): Accelerating the Front End Phase in New Product Development [1]
^ Thomas A. Carbone, Critical Success Factors in the Front-End of High Technology Industry New Product Development, Doctoral Dissertation, University of Alabama in Huntsville, November, 2011.
^ Thomas A. Carbone, et. al.,Front-end success factors and the impact on high technology industry new product development. 2012 IEEE International Technology Management Conference, Dallas, Tx, USA.
^ a b c Koen, Peter A. (2004), "The Fuzzy Front End for Incremental, Platform, and Breakthrough Products", PDMA Handbook of New Product Development, 2nd Ed.: 81–91 
^ Gary Armstrong, P. K. (2013). Marketing an introduction (11th ed.). Harlow, England: Pearson.





Authority control



GND: 4139402-1
NDL: 00570301










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=New_product_development&oldid=789235954"					
Categories: Product developmentSystems engineeringInnovationIndustrial designHidden categories: Pages using citations with accessdate and no URLCS1 errors: external linksPages using web citations with no URLArticles needing cleanup from May 2009All pages needing cleanupCleanup tagged articles with a reason field from May 2009Wikipedia pages needing cleanup from May 2009Articles needing expert attention with no reason or talk parameterArticles needing expert attention from November 2008All articles needing expert attentionEconomics articles needing expert attentionAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from March 2017All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2017Wikipedia articles needing clarification from April 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from February 2014Articles with unsourced statements from February 2014Wikipedia articles needing rewrite from September 2014All articles needing rewriteWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةDeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어HrvatskiNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPortuguêsRomânăРусскийСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 6 July 2017, at 05:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Open Broadcaster Software | Home















		Open Broadcaster Software
	





Facebook





Twitter



Blog




Community Chat




Donate










Screenshot provided by TeamOXY 



OBS Studio
Latest Release19.0.3 - June 22nd, 2017

Free and open source software for video recording and live streaming.  Download and start streaming quickly and easily on Windows, Mac or Linux.

Share your gaming, art and entertainment with the world. 







Download OBS Studio

Windows 7+
OSX 10.9+
Linux

Looking for the old version? Download OBS Classic Problems with the download? Try via bittorrent








Features

High performance real time video/audio capturing and mixing, with unlimited scenes you can switch between seamlessly via custom transitions.
Filters for video sources such as image masking, color correction, chroma/color keying, and more.

Intuitive audio mixer with per-source filters such as noise gate, noise suppression, and gain. Take full control with VST plugin support.
Powerful and easy to use configuration options. Add new Sources, duplicate existing ones, and adjust their properties effortlessly.

Streamlined Settings panel for quickly configuring your broadcasts and recordings. Switch between different profiles with ease.
Light and dark themes available to fit your environment.

OBS supports all your favorite streaming platforms and more. 












Create Professional Productions

Choose from a number of different and customizable transitions for when you switch between your scenes
Set hotkeys for nearly every sort of action, such as switching between scenes, starting/stopping streams or recordings, muting audio sources, push to talk, and more.

Studio Mode

Studio Mode lets you preview your scenes and sources before pushing them live.
Adjust your scenes and sources or create new ones and ensure they're perfect before your viewers ever see them. 







Collaborative Creativity
OBS Classic and OBS Studio are equipped with a powerful API, enabling plugin development to provide further customization and functionality specific to your needs. Work with developers in the streaming community to get the features you need.
Popular plugins include:
OBS Classic
Browser source
Simple scene switcher
Video source
Browse more in the OBS Plugins Section!OBS Studio
Browser Source Plugin [Bundled with Installer]
Advanced Scene Switcher
Video Transitions
Browse more in the OBS Studio Plugins Section 


















 



Products | Roquet




























             
        

Private area



            News                






















                                    ca                                




                                    es                                




                                    en                                




                                    ro                                





























CylindersGear pumps and motorsControl valvesOther products 





















Constant innovation
Roquet is investing more than ever in product development.


Roquet design and development engineers work together with customer engineers to develop new solutions for the stringent requirements of their applications.


The close collaboration between engineers, backed by rapid-prototyping capacity and substantial test facilities at Roquet .


  

 










                                    Cylinders                                




SEE PRODUCTS




Roquet offers cylinders for arduous applications. The majority of the cylinders produced have case-hardened rods with extremely high corrosion resistance. Tubes are honed after welding ports which contributes to long seal life and makes piston-over-port damping an option.  Dinacil has been robot assembling volume cylinders since 2004.



















                                    Gear pumps and motors                                




SEE PRODUCTS




Roquet produces aluminium and cast-iron bodied gear pumps and motors from 0.33-150 cc/rev. All covers are cast-iron (from our own foundry) which reduces noise, increases life and makes possible in-built valves for speed control, etc. Roquet has an anechoic chamber where the Roquet gear profile has been optimized for lower noise levels.



















                                    Control valves                                




SEE PRODUCTS




Roquet has a broad range of catalogue mobile hydraulic control valves - and develops new (generally monoblock) valves for specific mobile OEM applications. Historically Roquet valves have been well-known for being robust and reliable - more recently we have developed more sophisticated valves for the latest OEM requirements of control and instrumentation.



















                                    Other products                                




SEE PRODUCTS




Apart from the three main product groups, Roquet also develops valves and systems for specific applications where experience with a wide range of different hydraulic components can be combined to develop an interesting solution. Examples are levelling valves, agricultural marker valves, compact power-packs, electro-hydraulic actuators, etc.








 


























                            Pedro Roquet, S.A.Antonio Figueras, 91,08551 TONA (Barcelona) SPAIN Teléfono: +34 93 812 46 64 | Fax: +34 93 887 1798  








            Legal notice                

|


            Cookies usage                

|


            Sitemap                

|


            Contact                














^
























                    Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies Learn more


OK






Google Developers
  
  Sign in






Google Developer Days Europe 2017 5-6 September | Krakow, PolandGoogle Developer Days are global events showcasing the latest developer products and platforms from Google to help you quickly develop high quality apps, grow and retain an active user base, and tap into tools to earn more.
          Register
        Android now supports KotlinAndroid is adding support for the Kotlin programming language — a brilliantly designed, mature language that we believe will make Android development faster and more fun. Kotlin also plays well with the Java programming language, with effortless interoperation between the two. The Kotlin plugin is now bundled with Android Studio 3.0 and is available for immediate download.
          Download
        Google Play Indie Games Festival 2017Submissions open until August 6If you're an Indie Developer in the US or Canada, submit your game for a chance to demo it to hundreds of consumers at the upcoming Google Play Indie Games Festival in San Francisco and compete to be in the top 3! Winners will receive tickets to Google I/O'18 and GDC'18, a $20K Google Cloud credit, and much more.
          Submit game
        Build anything with GoogleDevelop —Build high-quality apps fasterWe've got the basics covered all in one place, offering a wide range of tools for you to build high-quality apps as quickly and reliably as possible.
          Find Products
        Grow —Grow and retain an active user baseDrive app discovery and engage the right users at the right time to ensure they keep on coming back.
          Find Products
        Earn —Tap into a range of tools to make more moneyEarn money quickly with engaging ads and in-app purchases and gather user-driven insights to guide how you monetize.
          Find Products
        Join the Actions on Google Developer ChallengeSubmissions open until August 31Turn your inspiration into action by building apps for the Google Assistant on Google Home, select Android devices, and iPhone. Enter to win more than 20 prizes, including a trip to Google I/O 2018. Your app must be approved by August 31st to be eligible, so start building!
          Enter now
        Cloud Functions on Firebase HostingUse Cloud Functions on Firebase Hosting to build Progressive Web Apps with world-class scale, speed, and performance.
          Get started
        Introducing the TensorFlow Research CloudTo accelerate the pace of open machine-learning research, we are introducing the TensorFlow Research Cloud (TFRC), a cluster of 1,000 Cloud TPUs that will be made available free of charge to support a broad range of computationally-intensive research projects that might not be possible otherwise.
          Learn more
        Richer AdMob revenue insights with FirebaseConnect AdMob to Firebase to measure and identify opportunities for growing your app revenue and user engagement. It will also help you make smarter decisions to improve app health and performance with access to deeper reporting analytics and monetization insights.
          Learn more
        







	
	SABIC - RESINS & SPECIALTY COMPOUNDED PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
	
			 

























    







 Home  Products & Services    Services    Color And Aesthetics   Products By    Polymer Types    Effects  



		
			


RESINS & SPECIALTY COMPOUNDED PRODUCTS AND SERVICES		
 
						







Available Products & Services Worldwide
Tell us what you want your products to do and where your customers will be using them, and we can match - or create - the materials to answer those needs.  We can help reduce weight, enhance performance, and free your designs for optimum usability.











Browse SABIC Products
                      
      





Browse External Supplier ProductsAccess these tools to view external supplier products distributed by SABIC.
                      
                    
						>  

External Supplier Datasheets
                      
            

								
						
						>  

External Supplier Material Selector
                      
            
           	                             


 


EMAIL THIS PAGE



SAFETY DATA SHEETS


Browse SABIC Products by> Polymer Types > Effects orUse SABIC Material SelectorServices 



		 
See what SABIC has to offer in addition to our innovative material solutionsColor and Aesthetics





Custom colors and effects differentiate products in crowded segments. SABIC offers a broad palette of color services, from color matching to custom compounding. We can work with you to help ensure the right look for your product, and the right aesthetic for brand mindshare.





			Sustainability Solutions The properties, performance and/or content of these materials can make a significant contribution to reduced environmental impact, from lowering carbon emissions to maximizing use of the earth's limited resources.
			 





 
                                                
			                                             











	Products | Microchip Technology Inc.





















































‹








Products
Applications
Design Support
Sample and Buy
About Us
Contact Us
myMicrochip Login








Microcontrollers and Microprocessors 

8-bit MCUs 
16-bit MCUs 
32-bit MCUs 
32-bit MPUs 



Analog 


Amplifiers and Linear

Amplifiers and Linear Overview 
Operational Amplifiers 
Instrumentation Amplifiers 
Comparators 
PGA 
Power/Current Monitors 



Data Converters

Data Converters Overview 
Analog-to-Digital Converter 
Digital Potentiometers 
Digital-to-Analog Converters 
Power and Energy Measurement 
F/V and V/F Converters 
Power/Current Sensors 
Voltage References 



High-Voltage Interface

High-Voltage Interface Overview 
MOSFETs – Interface 
Driver Arrays 
Amplifiers/MEMS Drivers 
Application Specific 


Motor Drivers 

Power Management

Power Management Overview 
Voltage References 
Battery Management 
Charge Pumps 
System Supervisors/Voltage Detectors 
LDO Regulators 
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers 
PWM Controllers 
Inductorless Offline Switching Regulators 
Switching Regulators 
Voltage Detectors 
Power Modules 
Power Switches 
High Voltage Linear Regulators 



CO and Smoke Detection

CO and Smoke Detector ICs 
Horn Driver ICs 



Thermal Management

Thermal Management Overview 
Local Temperature Sensors 
Remote Temperature Sensors 
Fan Controller ICs 
Thermocouple ICs 



Ultrasound Products

Ultrasound Product Overview 
Analog Multiplexers/Switches 
Beamformer Source Drivers 
Complimentary MOSFET Arrays 
Continuous Transmit Pulsers 
Continuous Wave (CW) Transmitters 
Transmit/Receive (T/R) Switch ICs 
Ultrasound MOSFET Drivers 





Clock and Timing 

Overview 
Clock Generation 
Oscillators 
Clock and Data Distribution 
Real-time Clock 



High-Speed Networking and Video 

Overview 
Ethernet 
ARCNET 
CoaXpress® 
Fiber Optic Module Chipsets 
Video Equalizers 
Video Transceivers 
Video Sub-Systems 
Clock and Data Recovery ICs 



Interface and Connectivity 

CoaXpress® 
CAN 
Infrared 
LIN 
Serial Peripherals 
USB 







Display and LED Drivers 

Display and LED Drivers Overview 
Electroluminescent Backlight Drivers 
Automotive LED Drivers 
Backlight LED Drivers 
General-Purpose LED Drivers 
Linear Current Regulators 
Sequential Linear LED Drivers 
Camera Flash Drivers 



Embedded Controllers and Super I/O 

Embedded Controllers and Super I/O Overview 
Desktop and Super I/O 
Embedded and Keyboard Controllers 
Expansion and Legacy I/O 



Programmable Logic 

SPLD/CPLD 
FPGA 
FPGA Configuration Memory 



Memory 

Serial EEPROM 
Serial EERAM 
Serial SRAM 
Serial Flash 
Parallel Flash 
Parallel EEPROM 
OTP EPROM 



Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - Turnkey    Multi-touch Solutions 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 







Wireless 

Wireless Connectivity 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® Technology 
MiWi™ Protocol 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 
802.15.4 
Sigfox 
RF Identification 
IR Control 
Wireless Audio 



Smart Energy/Metering 

Overview 
Metering 
Power Line Communications 
Wireless Communications 



Rad Hard 

Overview 
Rad Hard ASICs 
Rad Hard Communication ICs 
Rad Hard FPGAs 
Rad Hard Memories 
Rad Hard Processors 
Rad Tolerant Devices 



Security ICs 

Security ICs Overview 

CryptoAuthentication

Overview 
Geting Started 
SHA Based 
ECC Based 
ECC-AWS IoT Based 
AES Based 



Trusted Platform Module

Overview 
TCG Version 1.2 



CryptoRF

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoRF 
CryptoRF Reader 



CryptoMemory

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 3.6V) 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 5.5V) 









Curiosity Development Board

Your next embedded design idea has a new home. Curiosity is a cost-effective, fully-integrated 8-bit development platform targeted at first-time users, makers and those seeking a feature-rich rapid prototyping board




MCP6V9X

This family of operational amplifiers provides input offset voltage correction for very low offset and offset drift, with a gain bandwidth product of 10 MHz.




DSC6000

The new DSC6000 family is the industry's smallest MEMS MHz oscillator with the lowest power consumption over full frequency range of 2 KHz to 100 MHz.




GigEpack Ethernet Products

 
Advanced design techniques ensure reliable operation under extreme conditions while stripping away complexity and advancing ease-of-use, the GigEpack provides three key elements: Certified Products, free drivers and copy-ready evaluation boards, and Microchip’s free LANCheck® design check service. Together, they ensure interoperability, rapid development and robust board design.
                            



UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement the revolutionary USB-C™ connector in practically any consumer, industrial or automotive application.




HV9805

The HV9805 features a PFC boost converter with valley/ZCD switching that reduces system cost by lessening the thermal and optical design requirements. The linear post-regular provides True DC lighting with no flickering and the configurable to SEPIC technology supports lower LED string voltage.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




SST26WF080B/040B

Manufactured with SuperFlash® technology that provides the industry's fastest erase times, the SST26WF080B (8 Mbit) and SST26WF040B (4 Mbit) are approximately 300 times faster than competitive devices.




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.








 Aerospace and Defense
 Audio and Speech

Automotive 

Automotive Solutions 
Automotive Connectivity 
Functional Safety 


 Battery Management
 CAN
 Computing

Displays 

Graphical Displays 
Segmented LCD 


 Embedded Security

Ethernet 

Ethernet Overview 
Ethernet of Everything 
USB-to-Ethernet 
Ethernet Controllers 
Ethernet Switches 
Ethernet PHYs 
EtherCAT® 






 High Temperature
 Home Appliance
 Intelligent Power
 Internet of Things
 Lighting
 Low Power
 LIN
 Medical

Metering 

Metering Overview 
Electric Meter 
Gas, Water and Heat Flow Meters 
Power Monitoring 






 Motor Control and Drive
 Power Monitoring
 Smart Energy/Metering
 Smartphone Accessories

Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - automotive and industrial touch screens 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 



USB 

USB Overview 
USB Hubs and Devices 
USB PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs 


 Wireless Audio

Wireless Connectivity 

Wireless Connectivity Overview 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® 
MiWi™ 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 







Lower Power High Performance ADC

Microchip is committed to providing military grade products for integration into present and future aerospace and defense sector programs. Our complete portfolio of microcontrollers, power, analog, digital, memory, RF, mixed-signal and interface




PIC32 Bluetooth Audio Development Kit (DV320032)

This kit delivers the hardware and software needed to develop digital audio docking applications with USB or Bluetooth connectivity. Preloaded demo code enables audio streaming via USB or Bluetooth.




OS82150

The OS82150 integrates a coaxial cable driver and coaxial receiver, extending the usage of coaxial cabling to enable powerful automotive infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




MCP73871 Fully Integrated Linear Solution

The MCP73871 device is a 1A fully integrated linear solution for system load sharing and Li-Ion / Li-Polymer battery charge management with AC-DC wall adapter and USB port power sources selection. It's also capable of autonomous power source selection between input or battery.




CAN FD Transceiver Family

The CAN Flexible Data Rate (CAN FD) Transceiver family helps CAN systems meet the physical layer requirement for CAN FD systems, and is one of only a few CAN FD transceivers approved by auto OEMs.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




TC7106A

The TC7106A 3½ digit LCD direct-display drive analog-to-digital converters allow existing TC7106-based systems to be upgraded. Each device has a precision reference with a 20ppm/°C max temperature coefficient. This represents a 4-7 times improvement over similar 3½ digit converters.




PIC24FJ128GB204

The new PIC24F "GB4" family expands Microchip's eXtreme Low Power portfolio and includes an integrated hardware crypto engine with both OTP and Key RAM options for secure key storage, up to 256 KB of Flash memory and a direct drive for segmented LCD displays, in 64-, 100- or 121-pin packages.




LAN9352/LAN9352i

The LAN9352/LAN9352i is a high-performance, small-footprint, full-featured 2-port managed Ethernet switch and is application-optimized for consumer, embedded and Industrial designs.




MCP2561/2 FD

This is a second generation high-speed CAN transceiver that guarantees Loop Delay Symmetry in order to support higher data rates required for CAN FD. Maximum propagation delay was improved to support longer bus length. The device meets the automotive requirements for CAN FD bit rates exceeding 5 Mbps.




Class B Safety Software Library

Microchip has developed a library of low-level software routines and hardware peripherals that simplify meeting IEC 60730 requirements for Class B Safety. Each product family (PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, dsPIC® DSC and PIC32) has functions specifically designed to work efficiently with the available resources.




dsPIC33EP "GS" Family for Digtal Power Applications

This family delivers the performance needed to implement more sophisticated non-linear, predictive & adaptive control algorithms at higher switching frequencies. These advanced algorithms enable power supply designs that are more energy efficient & have better power supply specifications.




WCM and ECM Development Kits

Microchip's WCM (Wi-Fi® Client Module) and ECM (Ethernet Client Module) development kits are designed to enable you to quickly and easily connect an embedded system to a cloud-based server, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). This will reduce the learning curve and help you get connected to the cloud quickly.




Smart Lights are Better Lights

Microchip's PIC® microcontrollers with intelligent analog integration like the PIC16F176X family make it possible to get advanced features such as digital control to smooth dimming, as well as color temperature tuning, usage-based lifetime prediction and networked communication for monitoring and control.




PIC24FJ256GB412

PIC24F 16-bit microcontroller featuring integrated Hardware Crypto module and eXtreme Low Power. This family also includes 256 KB Flash, 16 KB RAM, USB, LCD and advanced peripherals. The combination of features makes the part ideally suited for low-power embedded security applications.




OS82150

The OS82150 extends the usage of coaxial cabling to powerful infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




Is Your Medical Device Design Secured?

Is your medical device design truly secured? Microchip's full line of security products, including MCUs, wireless products and software libraries, can secure your medical device designs from the ground up.




MCP39F511

The MCP39F511 is a highly integrated, single-phase power-monitoring IC designed for real-time measurement of input power for AC/DC power supplies, providing power and energy values. It includes dual-channel delta sigma ADCs, a 16-bit calculation engine, EEPROM and a flexible 2-wire interface.




MCP8026

This is a 3-Phase brushless gate driver with power module & 5 µA (typ) sleep-mode current. It integrates three half-bridge drivers to drive external NMOS/NMOS transistor pairs configured to drive a 3-phase BLDC motor, a comparator, a voltage regulator to provide bias to a companion microcontroller & power monitoring comparators.




dsPIC33EP32MC202

The dsPIC33E family of digital signal controllers (DSCs) features a 70 MIPS dsPIC® DSC core with integrated DSP and enhanced on-chip peripherals. These DSCs enable the design of high-performance, precision motor control systems that are more energy efficient, quieter in operation.




Single-Burner Induction Cooktop Reference Design

This cost-effective single-burner induction cooktop reference design is a fully functional single-burner unit that achieves greater than 90%* efficiency and consumes less than 0.5W power during standby. The user interface implements mTouch® sensing solutions.




Smartphone Accessory

New accessories are emerging in sports/fitness, wellness, financial transactions markets. Microchip's accessory development kits make it easy to development your accessory products with fast time-to-market!




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement USB-C in practically any application, whether consumer, industrial, or automotive.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.








 New to Microchip?

Development Tools 

Development Tools Overview 
Demonstration and Evaluation Boards 

Software Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Software Solutions 
MPLAB® X IDE 
MPLAB® XC Compilers 
MPLAB® Code Configurator 
MPLAB® Xpress 
MPLAB® Harmony 
Microchip Libraries for Applications 
Software Libraries 
Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 



Hardware Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Emulators 
Emulation Extention Paks 
Programmers 



Software Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Atmel Studio IDE 
Data Visualizer 
Compilers 
Atmel START 
MCU Software Library 
Atmel Gallery 



Hardware Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Debuggers 
Programmers 



Design and Simulation Tools

CAD/CAE Symbols 
SPICE Models 
MPLAB® Mindi™ Analog Simulator 
MindiSWLib 
IBIS Models 
Clockworks® Configurator 
BSDL 


Third-Party Development Tools 



Documentation 

Application Notes 
Data Sheets 
Erratas 
Packaging Specifications 
Programming Specifications 
Reference Manuals 
User Guides 
Product Briefs 
Migration Documents 



Training 

Training Overview 
Developer Help Wiki 
Webinars 
Microchip Videos 
MASTERs Conference 
Technical Training Center 






 Forums
 Design Partner Network
 Product Change Notification

Quality and Reliability 

Quality 
Reliability 






 Technical Support

Software 

Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 


 Config Tool for Oscillators & Clocks





Need Help?

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.




PICKIT™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer

Microchip's PICkit™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer uses in-circuit debugging logic incorporated into each chip with Flash memory to provide a low-cost hardware debugger and programmer. In-circuit debugging offers low cost, minimum additional debug hardware and no expensive sockets or adapters




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Conferences, Tradeshows and Events

Microchip attends conferences and events around the world, visit our events page to see where we will be exhibiting next.




Microchip in the Press

View our latest announcements on products, corporate news and investor press announcements.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or about content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.








 Global Sales and Distribution
 microchipDIRECT
 Samples




 Programming Center
 Samples FAQ
 Sales Support




 Find Your Sales Office
 Getting Started With Microchip Products





Subscribe to MicroSolutions

Published six times a year, MicroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information to give you a competitive edge and help you meet your design goals. In each issue, you'll get an update on our new products and development tools, find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used by developers of a variety of applications.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.









Company Information 

About 
Corporate Overview 
Acquisitions 
Notice of Fraudulent Behavior 



Leadership 

Leadership Overview 
Board of Directors 
Appointed Officers 


 Investor Relations

Careers 

Careers Overview 
Microchip's Culture 
US Benefits 
Meet Your Recruiter 
Career Ladder 
Hiring Process 
Employee Testimonials 







Media Center 

Press Releases 
RSS Feeds 
Microchip Videos 


 MicroSolutions Digital Magazine
 Tradeshows and Events
 Academic Program





Corporate Responsibility 

Corporate Responsibility Overview 
Ethics and Conduct 
Sustainability 
Conflict Minerals 
Environment 
Community 
Products 
Customers 
Employees 
Environmental Health and Safety 



Legal Information 

Legal Information Overview 
General Product Legal Information 
Microchip Trademarks 
Microchip Patents 
Website Usage and Limitation of Liability 
Microchip Terms and Conditions of Sale 
Privacy Policy 
Copyrighted Material 
Procedure for Making a Claim of Copyrighted Infringement 


 Export Control Data
 Contact Us



























Products





8-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip is the market leader in 8-bit microcontrollers, including both PIC® and AVR® microcontrollers with easy-to-use development tools, complete technical documentation and post design-in support through a global sales and distribution network.  With unique peripherals, these devices allow you to perform application functions autonomously in hardware, and can be configured with our graphical programming environments and cloud-based tools to help reduce development time.





16-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip's 16-bit, PIC24 MCUs and dsPIC® Digital Signal Controllers deliver more performance, low power consumption, flexible peripherals, and a complete development ecosystem of software and hardware tools to speed your development.  With specialized peripherals for motor control, digital power conversion, low power security and advance analog integration, the 16-bit family offers a good compromise between low cost, low power and high performance.





32-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip's 32-bit portfolio, with both PIC32 and SAM devices, delivers high performance, with plenty of memory to solve increasingly complex embedded system design challenges.  From simple USB device connectivity to RTOS-driven graphical user interface applications with advanced audio processing, 32-bit devices can meet your most demanding design requirements. 






Amplifiers & Linear
Microchip's broad portfolio linear products featuring Amplifiers, Comparators and PGAs are ideal for wide variety of applications in industrial, medical, consumer and automotive markets for its low power consumption and small form factor.

Operational Amplifiers
Instrumentation Amplifiers
Comparators
PGA & SGA





Data Converters
Microchip's low cost D/A converter product families feature low power operation down to 175µA with 8, 10 and 12-bit resolutions. I2C or SPI interface, non-volatile memory and internal voltage reference options are available.

Analog–to–Digital Converters
DAC & Digital Potentiometers
Energy Measurement





Interface
Interface family are low cost, feature rich and helps reduce system costs which then increase robustness.

CAN
Ethernet 
Infrared
LIN
Serial Peripherals
USB






Motor Drivers
Microchip offers devices to drive bipolar stepper motors, or bidirectional control of two DC motors. MTS2916A and MTS62C19A offers features that helps with cost efficiency and meet market demands.




Power Management
Microchip strategizes on energy to reduce costs, manage risks and increase efficiency.

Battery Management 
Charge Pumps
CPU/System Supervisors
LDO Regulators
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers
PWM Controllers 
Switching Regulators
Voltage Detectors





Safety & Security

Microchip offers a broad portfolio of low power  I.C.s for ionization and photoelectric smoke detection and CO detection. This offer includes analog front ends, piezoelectric horn drivers and complete solution I.C.s for traditional smoke detectors and and ten year smoke detectors.


﻿Horn Drivers 
Smoke and CO﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ 







Thermal Management
Temperature Sensors are useful in thermometer circuits, temperature compensation applications as well as a wide array of general purpose replacements for older thermistor technology.

Brushless DC Fan Controllers
Closed Loop Fan Controllers
Sensor Conditioning ICs
Temperature Sensors 





Memory
Microchip's broad portfolio of memory devices includes Serial EEPROM, Serial Flash, Parallel Flash, Serial SRAM and NVSRAM. Innovative low power designs and extensive testing have ensured industry leading robustness and endurance along with best-in-class quality.

Serial EEPROM
Serial SRAM
Serial Flash
Parallel Flash





Touch and Input Sensing
Microchip's award winning technology covers a broad range of implementations for touch and other input sensing applications. Engineers have the freedom to innovate with an industry leading, robust, touch implementation on our vast range of PIC microcontrollers.

Proximity, Keys and Sliders
Touch Screens and Touch Pads
3D Tracking and Gesture Sensing
Haptics






Wireless
Microchip offers a broad portfolio of wireless solutions which are cost effective and very easy to implement. Depending on your application requirements, you can choose the product that fits your needs.

Infrared
Power Amplifiers
Radio Frequency





Real-Time Clock
Microchip supports a wide range of Real-Time Clocks from basic low cost devices to a variety of mid-range devices that are highly integrated with a usable amount of non-volatile memory and a combination of features that are very effective when operating within a single battery backed clock device. With, both I2C and SPI RTCCs available, various applications can be supported at a price that is lower than competitive devices with fewer features and lower performance.

























Support























































Broadcom


















 Support


Print
Share Page













Contact Us




Contact Us

Request Info





xClose









 


Support


 









Customer Support Portal
Customer Support Portal via myBroadcom for Broadcom enterprise customers.
Login to the Support Portal »




Find Documentation and Downloads

Customer Support Portal
Support Documents and Downloads
Knowledgebase
Check Interoperability and Compatibility
Bluetooth Software
Ethernet NIC Driver Support



Get Support

Request Technical Support
Regional Tech Support Centers
Call Us for Storage Support
Emulex Fibre Channel Support
Converged Network Adapters Support - UCNA
Ethernet NIC Support Request
MGBase-T Specification Request Form
StrataDNX™ Documents



Find Warranty Information

Warranty and Enhanced Support
Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) Portal



Product Resources

Document Library
Selection Guides
White Papers
Video Library
Webinars
Eval Kits & Demo Boards
Reference Designs
Support for OEM Branded Products
Product Security Center



RoHS & Lead-Free and Quality Information

Environment
Quality 



Connect

Ethernet Developer Community
Feedback and Comments
Get the Newsletter


 






Documents

Product Materials Environmental Specifications


 















How to Buy





















































Broadcom


















 How to Buy


Print
Share Page















How to Buy
Customers can purchase products through Broadcom Limited Authorized Distributors in their region or country. Customers who have Direct Purchasing Agreements with Broadcom Limited must register to order online.








Currently Viewing:



Sales 


Sales


Distributors


Portal Access


Terms and Conditions









Sales




Distributors




Portal Access




Terms and Conditions














Americas



																		Broadcom Limited Americas Sales Office (San Jose)


																				1320 Ridder Park Drive 
San Jose, California 95131 
United States



																					
																					Visit Web Page


 Get Directions



Asia




					1 Yishun Ave 7
Singapore


Tel: +65 6215 3654


Fax: +65 6822 8634


Send Email


 Get Directions







					Room 602B, Tower B, Fairmont Tower,1st Building,

					33# Courtyard, Guangshun North Avenue,
Chao Yang District, Beijing 100102
China


Tel: 86-10-8477 6300


Fax: 86-10-84776388


Send Email


 Get Directions







					2F, Building 2, Jin Chuang Mansion

					No.4560 Jinke Road, Pudong District
Shanghai  201203
China


Tel: 86-21-20607000


Fax: 86-21-20607442


Send Email


 Get Directions







					7th Floor Skyworth Semiconductor Design Building West

					Wing, Unit 701-703, No.8 Gaoxin South 4th Road,
Nanshan District, Shenzhen 518057
China


Tel: 86 755 - 2367 4088


Fax: 86 755 -2367 4086


Send Email


 Get Directions







					Room 402, Block B, Innovation Plaza

					Tsinghua Science Park, Tsinghua University
Haidian District, Beijing 100084 
China


Tel: +86 10 62702522 


Fax: +86 10 62705945


 Get Directions







					Room 3006, United Plaza

					1468 W. Nanjing Road
Shanghai 200040 
China


Tel: +86 21 61560508


Fax: +86 21 62892011


 Get Directions







					B-2801, Phase II Tiley Central Plaza

					No. 3 Haide Road Nanshan District
Shenzhen 518054 
China


Tel: +86 755 33329588 


Fax: +86 755 33329586


 Get Directions







					Campus 1A, RMZ EcoSpace,

					Bellandur, Varthur Hobli,
Bellandur, Karnataka
India


Tel: +91-80-41484444


Fax: +91-80-41370710


Send Email


 Get Directions







					8F Hi-Brand Building 16 Maeheonro,
Seocho-gu, Seoul 06771
South Korea


Tel: +82-2155-4003


Fax: +82-2-2155-4848


Send Email


 Get Directions







					1 Yishun Ave 7
Singapore


Tel: +65 6215 3654


Fax: +65 6822 8634


Send Email


 Get Directions







					1 Yishun Ave 7
Singapore


Tel: +65 6215 3654


Fax: +65 6822 8634


Send Email


 Get Directions







					1 Yishun Ave 7
Singapore


Tel: +65 6215 3654


Fax: +65 6822 8634


Send Email


 Get Directions







					1 Yishun Ave 7
Singapore


Tel: +65 6215 3654


Fax: +65 6822 8634


Send Email


 Get Directions







					8F, No. 35, Lane 258, Ruiguang Road

					Neihu, Taipei, 13
Taipei 11492
Taiwan


Tel: +886 2 2650 3652


Fax: +886 2 2650 3658


Send Email


 Get Directions







					9F, No. 399, Ruiguang Road

					Neihu, Taipei, 13
Taiwan 11492
Taiwan


Tel: +886-2-2656-5039 


 Get Directions







					1 Yishun Ave 7
Singapore


Tel: +65 6215 3654


Fax: +65 6822 8634


Send Email


 Get Directions


Europe




					Sluseholmen 2-4
Copenhagen SV 2450
Denmark


Tel: +45 3329 0400 


Fax: +45 3329 0401


 Get Directions







					Broadcom Nordic Scandinavia


Fax:  +46 8 56047210


 Get Directions







					Charles-de-Gaulle-Strasse 2
Munich 81737
Germany


Tel: +49 6085 98713-21


 Get Directions







					Суворовский просп., 53

					191015 Санкт - Петербург
Связаться по электронной почте
Russia


Tel: +7 812 334 31 01


Fax: +7 812 334 31 02


 Get Directions







					406 Science Park

					Milton Road
Cambridge  CB4 0WW CB4 0WW
United Kingdom


Tel: +44-(0)1223 381300 


Fax: +44-(0)1223 381310


 Get Directions


Japan




					Aobadai Hills 7F,

					Aobadai 4-7-7, Meguro-ku
Tokyo 153-0042
Japan


Tel:  +81-3-6407-2727


Fax:  0120-61-1270


Send Email


 Get Directions







					Shinagawa East One Tower 9fl

					2-16-1, Konan, Minato-ku
Tokyo  108-0075
Japan


Tel: +81 03-5539-3100 


Fax: +81 03-5539-3101


 Get Directions


















	Using the menus below, select your region, country and distributor type to find our distributors.




Region



 









Country



 









Distributor



selectType 










Go


 













			Portal Access


Users with existing accounts can access the portal applications below. Order Information allows you to check order status, track shipments and receive email notifications for your urgent orders. This service is available worldwide for customers who have a direct-purchase relationship.

Order status information
Contract Manufacturer Shipment Information
Customer Waiver Information
Conflict Minerals Compliance 











			Terms and Conditions


 


  Europe





  America





  Asia



Online store terms and conditions





 






