
Cosan SA Industria e Comercio (CSAN3.SA)  Key Developments | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States



























































Cosan SA Industria e Comercio proposes dividend payment












Tuesday, 26 Apr 2016 07:31am EDT Cosan SA Industria e Comercio:Says will propose to pay remaining part of dividends, corresponding to 200.0 million Brazilian reais, within 60 days after the general meeting's approval.Says value per share is 0.4928 real.Record date is May 13.Ex-dividend as of May 16. 



        Latest Developments forCosan SA Industria e Comercio



Brazil's Raizen sees 2016/17 cane crush at 60 mln to 64 mln T

Cosan SA Industria e Comercio's joint venture Raizen to sell its stake in Servicos e Tecnologia de Pagamentos SA

Cosan SA Industria e Comercio - Brazil watchdog reviews proposed Raizen, Wilmar trading venture - Reuters






Latest Key Developments inOil











        Company Quote



Cosan SA Industria e Comercio
(CSAN3.SA)
35.49
-0.61 -1.69%
9:54am EDT
































 





Cosan IR


















































Institutional
Cosan Limited
My Downloads0
PortuguÃªs
Search





















Results Center
Spreadsheets per Segment
Institutional Presentations













				Results Center
				




 Presentation
 Conference Call
 Conference Call Transcript












Quotes



CSAN3
R$

Change: %
Volume: %



IBOV


Change: %



				Source: INFOinvest
				Updated 00:00
				15-minute delay
			





Latest Updates



Most Read


Most Read



Latest Updated









See Full Calendar





















Back





Cosan - Wikipedia






















 






Cosan

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Cosan SA Industria e Comercio)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Cosan





Type

Sociedade Anônima


Traded as
BM&F Bovespa: CSAN3, CZLT11
NYSE: CZZ


Industry
Conglomerate


Founded
1936


Headquarters
São Paulo, Brazil



Key people

Marcos Marinho Lutz (CEO)


Products
Foods
Ethanol
Fuel
Logistics


Revenue
 US$14.4 billion (2016)



Net income

 US$ 307.1 million (2016)



Number of employees

45,000


Subsidiaries
Raízen
Rumo
Cosan Lubrificantes
Radar Propriedades
Comgás


Website
www.cosan.com.br


Cosan is a public listed company, a Brazilian conglomerate producer of bioethanol, sugar, energy and foods. The company operates in Brazil, Uruguay, Paraguay, Bolivia and United Kingdom.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Purchases and mergers
1.2 Joint-Venture with Royal Dutch Shell


2 References



History[edit]
Cosan began in 1936 in Piracicaba city in State of São Paulo, with the founding of its first factory for milling of sugar cane. From the second half of the 1980s, it quickly expanded operations through the acquisition of several factories in the State of São Paulo. Cosan cultivates, collects and processes sugar cane, the main raw material used in the production of sugar and ethanol. Its 23 plants occupy almost 600,000 hectares of land and employ 45,000 people. In the food sector the company owns 11.5% of shares of Camil Alimentos, that merged with Cosan Alimentos in 2012.
Purchases and mergers[edit]
On April 24, 2008 Cosan announced the purchase of the portfolio of downstream fuel distribution plants from Esso in Brazil.
On March 13, 2009, the Group confirmed the incorporation of NovAmérica Agroenergia through a stock exchange operation between the Cosan and holding Rezende Barbosa, controller of NovAmérica.[1][2] With the acquisition, the group Cosan reinforces its position as the largest producer of sugar and alcohol in the world and will have an annual processing capacity of around 56 million tonnes of sugar cane, 10% of the Brazilian market, managing 23 plants.
On 3 May 2012, Cosan signed a memorandum of understanding to acquire the BG Group's 60.1% stake in Comgás.[3] The deal was completed in November 2012.[4]
Joint-Venture with Royal Dutch Shell[edit]
Main article: Raízen




Cosan's Costa Pinto sugar cane mill and ethanol distillery plant at Piracicaba, São Paulo.


On February 1, 2010 Cosan and Royal Dutch Shell announced the creation of a joint venture Raízen that merged their operations of sugar, ethanol and the distribution and marketing of fuels in Brazil. It formed the third largest distribution company in Brazil and the world's largest bioenergy operation.[5] The company is valued at US$12 billion.
References[edit]



^ http://www.brazzilmag.com/content/view/9269/1/
^ "Brazil's Cosan takes over NovAmerica, boosting lead in ethanol". Chemical Business Newsbase. 13 March 2009. 
^ Lewis, Josh (2012-05-03). "BG to offload Comgas stake". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. Retrieved 2012-05-03. 
^ "BG Group Closes Sale Of Comgás Stake - Quick Facts". RTT News. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2012-12-03. 
^ "Shell bets on ethanol in $21 billion deal with Brazil's Cosan". Reuters. 1 February 2010. 









v
t
e


 Ibovespa companies of Brazil






AES Eletropaulo
Ambev
B3
Banco do Brasil
BB Seguridade
Bradesco
Bradespar
Braskem
BRF
BR Malls
CCR
CEMIG
CESP
Cielo
Copel
Cosan
CPFL Energia
CSN
Cyrela Brazil Realty
EcoRodovias
EDP - Energias do Brasil
Embraer
ENGIE Brasil
Equatorial
Estácio
Fibria
Gerdau
GPA
Hypermarcas
Itaú Unibanco
Itaúsa
JBS
Klabin
Kroton
Localiza
Lojas Americanas
Lojas Renner
Marfrig
MRV
Multiplan
Natura
Petrobras
Qualicorp
RD
Rumo
Sabesp
Santander Brasil
Smiles S.A.
Suzano Papel e Celulose
Telefônica Vivo
TIM Brasil
Ultrapar
Usiminas
Vale
WEG










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Cosan&oldid=788344405"					
Categories: Conglomerate companies of BrazilCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on the São Paulo Stock ExchangeCompanies based in São PauloEnergy companies of BrazilSugar companies of BrazilEthanol fuelBiofuel producers of BrazilConglomerate companies established in 1936Brazilian brandsEnergy companies established in 1936Food and drink companies established in 19361936 establishments in BrazilHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisLietuvių日本語Português 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 June 2017, at 22:39.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Annual Reports | Cosan Limited



































Institutional
My Downloads0
PortuguÃªs
Search
























Annual Reports
Investor Services
Annual Reports


Transparency and accountability to the environment and communities is essential to Cosan business. In the sustainability report, we seek to present today's Cosan and the initiatives taken to improve our governance structure, our risk management process, our relationship with others and our interaction with the government and society. 
To access the Annual Reports of the other companies of the group, go to:

Comgás
Raízen
Rumo ALL

Reports
 





2015 - 2016 Sustainability Report
“Create value for development and transformational strategies that are sustainable over time.” Inspired by this vision, Cosan – one of the largest private groups in Brazil – operates in two industries that are crucial for the country’s development: Energy and Logistics.











2014 GRI Supplement
In 2014 Cosan monitored a combination of corporate and business indicators that have been defined based on consultations in addition to the materiality process carried out in 2012







2014 Performance Report
Making progress in essential sectors, for the country’s development, was what characterised 2014 for Cosan.











2013 Performance Report
Growing with efficiency and simplicity—this is the path set down by our strategy. In 2013 we made progress in the areas of energy and infrastructure with excellent results in all our companies.











2012 - 2013 Sustainability Report
At the close of this reporting cycle, we have delivered an even more resilient company to our stakeholders. We achieved this through various initiatives, which boosted our growth, while maintaining our operating strategy focused on the infrastructure and energy sectors.











2011 Sustainability Report











2010 Annual Report







2010 Sustainability Report











2009 Annual Report
The year of 2009 was marked by the consolidation of Cosan’s position as the first vertically-integrated renewable energy company present in all links of the sugar and ethanol business chain with the conclusion of the acquisition of Esso Brasileira de Petróleo, once again showing our boldness and leadership. After this acquisition, Cosan expanded its business model to encompass activities ranging from sugarcane cultivation to fuel distribution and retail.











2008 Annual Report
Fiscal year 2008 was marked by the consolidation of our growth strategy. With a solid capital structure and vision aimed at development and exploit of all of the stages of the business chain, we were able to place COSAN as the only verticallyintegrated company of the industry.











2007 Annual Report
This annual report provides a picture of Cosan S.A. Indústria e Comércio’s activities during the 2007 crop year. The period addressed concerns most specifically fiscal year 2007, which began in May 2006 and ended in April 2007. Because this is the first Annual Report of Cosan S.A. Indústria e Comércio, we are also addressing certain relevant facts that occurred in periods prior to the one in question.




Last updated on 2017-06-05T15:31:56




















Back








Cosan S A Industria E Comercio
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Cosan S A Industria E Comercio, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Cosan S A Industria E Comercio

Cosan Sa Industria E Comercio exports to To Order Bacardi Corporation through the port of San Juan, Puerto Rico        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Cosan S A Industria E Comercio and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 TOSHIBA ELECTROMEX.S.A. DE C.V.    
 NINTENDO OF AMERICA INC.
 SEARS MERCHANDISING SERVICES INC.
 ADIDAS INDUSTRIAL
 GENERAL MOTORS CANADA LIMITED
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Cosan S A Industria E Comercio
Cosan Sa Industria E Comercio exports to To Order Bacardi Corporation through the port of San Juan, Puerto Rico


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



COSAN SA INDUSTRIA E COMERCIO
BAIRRO COSTA PINTA S/N             
PIRACICABA - SP- BRAZIL


TO ORDER BACARDI CORPORATION
200 ROAD NO.165 KM 2.6             
00962 CATANO, PUERTO RICO



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



BACARDI CORPORATION




N/M
N/M





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number






NC
NC


Product Description




FERMENTATION ETHYL ALCOHOL PRODUCED FROM SUGAR CANE OR ITS MOLASSSES
FERMENTATION ETHYL ALCOHOL PRODUCED FROM SUGAR CANE OR ITS MOLASSSES









Bill of LadingJTBVSPIR10001   Arrival Date2011-06-21Weight (LB)9,052,786,260Weight (KG)4,105,572,000Quantity1 BULKContainer Count1Voyage No.100Port of LoadingSAO PAULOPort of DischargeSAN JUAN, PUERTO RICOVessel NameJO SPIRITCarrier CodeJTBVCountry Of OriginBrazilPlace Of ReceiptSANTOS 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Cosan S A Industria E Comercio. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Cosan S A Industria E Comercio has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Cosan S A Industria E Comercio







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Cosan S A Industria E Comercio
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Piedra Palmoma                                



                                    Lamela Plastics Sp. Z O.o.                                



                                    Kinplex Corp                                



                                    Guzman, Mauricio A.                                



                                    Trinternational Tarding Co., Ltd.                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.1939
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















 














































Cosan | Um dos maiores grupos econômicos privados do Brasil, com negócios nos segmentos de energia e infraestrutura.










































































Search form






 




EnglishPortuguês







 












Cosan


       Um dos maiores grupos econômicos privados do Brasil, com negócios nos segmentos de energia e infraestrutura.      
 





























EFFICIENCY THAT DELIVERS RESULTS 



Cosan invests in strategic industries such as agribusiness, fuel and natural gas distribution, lubricants and logistics.

 

















One of Brazil’s largest fuel distributors and the leading ethanol producer, Raízen is also the world’s largest individual exporter of sugar, besides generating bioelectricity from sugarcane bagasse.
 









FUEL DISTRIBUTION AND ENERGY 












Present in 177 cities across the state of São Paulo, Comgás is Brazil’s largest natural gas distributor.




ENERGY SOLUTIONS THAT ANTICIPATE THE FUTURE


















Moove produces and distributes lubricants under the Mobil and Comma brands and is present in South America, Europe and Asia.



LEADER IN PREMIUM LUBRICANTS IN BRAZIL   


















Rumo offers integrated logistics solutions. Present in six Brazilian states, it has a railroad   running over 7,500 miles and serves the country’s main ports.




TRAINS AND PORTS AT THE SERVICE OF DEVELOPMENT   



















 

 








 Warning 

Cosan S/A would like to reinforce that does not product or sell sugar/ethanol directly and there are no representatives of any kind authorized to do so.Any trade of sugar or ethanol must be performed exclusively through Raízen, a subsidiary of the group responsible for production and commercialization of aforementioned products.If any person and/or company contacts you informing that represents Cosan S/A for this kind of trade, please do not make the deal and contact us immediately (auditoria.interna@cosan.com). 







History 






     Almost 80 years of history.   
 









Who we are 






Efficiency in energy and logisticsOne of Brazil’s largest companies, Cosan focuses its investments on strategic industries, such as agribusiness, fuel and natural gas distribution, lubricants and logistics. Over nearly eight decades of operation, Cosan diversified its business to build a portfolio of industry leaders such as Raízen Combustíveis, Raízen Energia, Comgás, Moove and Rumo. 
 













Publications 






     Learn more about Cosan by accessing our publications   
 















      Energy    









      Logistics    













Raízen 






     A joint venture of Cosan and Shell, leading sugarcane ethanol manufacturer in Brazil.   
 









Comgás 






     Technology and modernity for progress   
 









Energy 






Cosan S/A has a strong and diversified presence in the energy sector through companies specializing to fuel distribution, sugar and ethanol production, power generation, natural gas distribution and lubricants. Learn more about each company and their operations: Raízen 
 









Business / Radar 






 Radar Radar manages agricultural properties and was set up in 2008 in response to the growing worldwide demand for food. By means of the most advanced technology in geo-processing and agri-meteorology, Radar buys and adapts rural properties that have agricultural potential and follows the strict guidelines set out in Brazilian legislation, in particular the Brazilian forestry code. 
 









Rumo 






     Integrated solutions for transportation, storage and port lifting   
 















Cosan Limited (CZZ)Cosan S/A (CSAN3)Comgás (CGAS3 e CGASS)Rumo (RLOG3 and RUMO3) 
















 Cosan SA Industria E Comercio Sao Paulo, Brazil | Supplier Data
Datamyne



























































Making trade data work for you





Countries  
Brazil  
Supplier Starts With C

 




COSAN SA INDUSTRIA E COMERCIO


Sao Paulo, Brazil 
 
 
 







12 Month Supply Chain Summary            
(August 05, 2015 ─ August 05, 2016)

COSAN SA INDUSTRIA E COMERCIO supplied 3 shipments to the US since Aug 5, 2015.




Top Importer



 East Teak Fine Hardwoods INC 
3
Importers for this supplier for the last 12 months






Top HS Code Products



293810 -  Rutoside (rutin) And Its Derivatives) 









Top Carriers



 Msc-mediterranean Shipping Company S A Carotrans International 






Top Ports of Departure



 South Riding Point, Freeport, Grand Bahama I, Bahamas Santos, Sao Paulo, Brazil 










Top Countries of Origin



 Brazil 




Alternative content for the map














See all shipments for  Cosan SA Industria E Comercio when you subscribe to Datamyne.




How Datamyne Benefits You


Datamyne covers the trade of some 50 countries across 5 continents, as well as the details of US import and export commerce with over 230 trading partners. Original US import bills are available online one day after we receive them from Customs, making our US import data the earliest available anywhere.
Easily access our database via a web-based interface that speeds and simplifies trade data research, delivering the information you need for successful marketing, prospecting and sourcing strategies.
See why more than 3,000 professionals are using Datamyne today.
Request a Demo






Take our Tour





 Product  Overview 
Plans and Pricing 
Why Choose Datamyne? 












Easy access, with expert support, to the largest searchable trade database in the world.
















                Search US import details FREE for companies like:              





COSAN SA INDUSTRIA E COME                  





First Name



Last Name





Company



Email



Country  
                        
United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Phone





                          I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy






Get My Free Search
















 











































 








Cosan Sa Industria E Comercio Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Cosan Sa Industria E Comercio     







 


 Brazil                
Cosan Sa Industria E Comercio
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Sugar and Confectionery Product Manufacturing
Available in: English & Portuguese
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                Av. Presidente Juscelino Kubitschek, 1327 - 4 Andar, Sala 01 - Vila Nova Conceicao                                
                                Sao Paulo;                                Sao Paulo;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 04543-011                                                            

Tel: +55 11 3897-
Fax: +55 11 3897-




Email:
@cosan.com                            


 

Company Description                    




                        Cosan is one of the world's largest producers of sugar and ethanol. The company cultivates, harvests and processes sugarcane, the main raw material used to produce sugar and ethanol. Cosan has 17 mills, 2 sugar refineries and 2 port terminals operated by the company and by its subsidiaries Usina Da Barra S.A. Açúcar e Àlcool and FBA. Cosan's sugar exports are principally handled by its subsidiary Cosan Operadora Portuária S.A., or Cosan Portuária, which operates port and warehouse facilities at the Port of Santos in the state of São Paulo. Since February 2000, when the shareholders approved an increase in the share capital of Irmãos Franceschi Agrícola Industrial e Comercial Ltda., the predecessor company, in exchange for the contribution to the company of the Costa Pinto, Santa Helena, São Francisco and Tamandupá mills, Cosan has expanded its operations primarily through acquisitions, partnerships and corporate restructuring.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 

