

Fuchs Petrolub SE: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 01, 2017 10:14 AM ET
Chemicals

Company Overview of Fuchs Petrolub SE



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fuchs Petrolub SE engages in the development, production, distribution, and sale of lubricants and related specialties worldwide. Its automotive lubricants product group includes engine oils, gear oils, shock absorber oils, motorcycle lubricants, lubricants for agricultural machinery, and service fluids; industrial lubricants and specialties product group primarily comprises metal-working fluids, corrosion preventatives, hydraulic and gear oils, greases, and other specialties; and other products group consists of toll blending, chemical process management, and trade activities. The company also offers compressor oils, slide way oils, turbine and machine oils, cylinder and transformer oils, t...
Fuchs Petrolub SE engages in the development, production, distribution, and sale of lubricants and related specialties worldwide. Its automotive lubricants product group includes engine oils, gear oils, shock absorber oils, motorcycle lubricants, lubricants for agricultural machinery, and service fluids; industrial lubricants and specialties product group primarily comprises metal-working fluids, corrosion preventatives, hydraulic and gear oils, greases, and other specialties; and other products group consists of toll blending, chemical process management, and trade activities. The company also offers compressor oils, slide way oils, turbine and machine oils, cylinder and transformer oils, tacky oils, heat transfer oils, general lubricating oils, refrigerator oils, and textile oils; and cutting and grinding lubricants, forming lubricants, cleaners, quenching fluids, and minimal quantity lubrication products. In addition, it provides open gear, hot metal forming, food grade, glass, dry coating, wind power, bearing, casting, biodegradable, gearbox, rail, refractory, rolling, and wire rope lubricants; concrete release agents; chain oils; high temperature, oxygen, and grease pastes; high-temperature, calcium, lithium, polyurea, silicon, and other greases; and PFPE products. Further, the company offers condition monitoring and tailor-made development; chemical process management; and open gear, analytical, technical, and coating services. It provides its products to automotive suppliers and OEMs; mechanical engineering, metalworking, mining and exploration, aerospace, power generation, construction and transport, agriculture, and forestry sectors; and steel, metal, casting and forging, and cement industries, as well as food industry and glass producing sectors. Fuchs Petrolub SE was founded in 1931 and is headquartered in Mannheim, Germany.
Detailed Description


Friesenheimer Strasse 17Mannheim,  68169GermanyFounded in 19314,945 Employees



Phone: 49 621 3802 0

Fax: 49 621 3802 7190

www.fuchs.com/group







Key Executives for Fuchs Petrolub SE




Mr. Stefan Rudolf Fuchs


      	Chairman of Executive Board, CEO and CEO of Region North & South America
      


Age: 49
        

Total Annual Compensation: €1.8M








Ms. Dagmar Steinert


      	CFO, Head of Investor Relations & Member of Executive Board
      


Age: 53
        

Total Annual Compensation: €809.0K








Dr. Ralph Rheinboldt


      	Head of Europe Region & Member of Executive Board
      


Age: 50
        

Total Annual Compensation: €994.0K








Dr. Timo Reister


      	Head of Asia-Pacific & Africa Region and Member of Executive Board
      


Age: 38
        

Total Annual Compensation: €809.0K








Dr. Lutz Lindemann


      	CTO & Member of the Executive Board
      


Age: 57
        

Total Annual Compensation: €994.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Fuchs Petrolub SE Key Developments

FUCHS PETROLUB SE Announces Earnings Results for the First Half of 2017; Provides Earning Guidance for the Fiscal Year 2017
Aug 1 17
FUCHS PETROLUB SE announced earnings results for the first half of 2017. For the first half, the company reported sales revenues were EUR 1,247 million against EUR 1,136 million a year ago. Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) were EUR 190 million against EUR 183 million a year ago. Earnings after tax were EUR 134 million against EUR 127 million a year ago. Capital expenditure was EUR 41 million against EUR 32 million a year ago. Free cash flow before acquisitions was EUR 53 million against EUR 72 million a year ago. Earnings per share for ordinary share were EUR 0.95 against EUR 0.90 a year ago. Earnings per share for preference share were EUR 0.96 against EUR 0.91 a year ago.

The Group is reaffirming its earnings outlook for the financial year 2017, but adjusting its sales revenue outlook in line with the changed overall conditions. The company is anticipating growth in sales revenues of 7% to 10%. The Group is anticipating a rise in EBIT of between 1% and 5%.


Fuchs Petrolub SE Opens New $26 Million Grease Plant Near Chicago's South Side to Service North American Customers
May 15 17
Fuchs Petrolub SE announced the opening of a new $26 million grease manufacturing plant, research laboratory and warehouse near Chicago. The new 34,000 square-foot factory will serve the automotive, heavy-duty truck, construction, rail, and off-road markets in North America. In addition to the manufacturing plant, FUCHS has built a new research and development as well as technical services laboratory and warehouse at the Harvey site. The new laboratory will be used for testing existing products and also developing new products.


Fuchs Petrolub SE Presents at Goldman Sachs 10th European Small and Mid-Cap Symposium, May-10-2017
May 8 17
Fuchs Petrolub SE Presents at Goldman Sachs 10th European Small and Mid-Cap Symposium, May-10-2017 . Venue: London, United Kingdom.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 A. M. Ramp & Co GmbH Europe Aacure Adhesives GmbH Europe ADDCON GROUP GmbH Europe addfinity GmbH Europe addfinity testa GmbH Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fuchs Petrolub SE, please visit www.fuchs.com/group.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























FPE3.DE Profile | FUCHS PETROL.SE VZO O.N. Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 46 minsS&P 5002,475.97+5.67 (+0.23%)Dow 3021,969.19+78.07 (+0.36%)Nasdaq6,360.42+12.30 (+0.19%)Fuchs Petrolub SE (FPE3.DE)XETRA - XETRA Delayed Price. Currency in EURAdd to watchlist50.28+0.08 (+0.16%)As of  3:58PM CEST. Market open.People also watchFIE.DELEO.DEKRN.DEGBF.DEGIL.DESummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsFuchs Petrolub SEFriesenheimer Strasse 17Mannheim 68169Germany49 621 3802 0http://www.fuchs.com/groupSector: Basic MaterialsIndustry: Chemicals - Major DiversifiedFull Time Employees: 4,945Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Stefan Rudolf FuchsChairman of Exec. Board, CEO and CEO of Region North & South America2MN/A49Ms. Dagmar  SteinertCFO, Head of Investor Relations & Member of Exec. Board919kN/A53Dr. Ralph  RheinboldtHead of Europe Region & Member of Exec. Board1.13MN/A50Dr. Lutz  LindemannCTO & Member of the Exec. Board1.19MN/A57Dr. Timo  ReisterHead of Asia-Pacific & Africa Region and Member of Exec. Board924kN/A38Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in EUR.DescriptionFuchs Petrolub SE engages in the development, production, distribution, and sale of lubricants and related specialties worldwide. Its automotive lubricants product group includes engine oils, gear oils, shock absorber oils, motorcycle lubricants, lubricants for agricultural machinery, and service fluids; industrial lubricants and specialties product group primarily comprises metal-working fluids, corrosion preventatives, hydraulic and gear oils, greases, and other specialties; and other products group consists of toll blending, chemical process management, and trade activities. The company also offers compressor oils, slide way oils, turbine and machine oils, cylinder and transformer oils, tacky oils, heat transfer oils, general lubricating oils, refrigerator oils, and textile oils; and cutting and grinding lubricants, forming lubricants, cleaners, quenching fluids, and minimal quantity lubrication products. In addition, it provides open gear, hot metal forming, food grade, glass, dry coating, wind power, bearing, casting, biodegradable, gearbox, rail, refractory, rolling, and wire rope lubricants; concrete release agents; chain oils; high temperature, oxygen, and grease pastes; high-temperature, calcium, lithium, polyurea, silicon, and other greases; and PFPE products. Further, the company offers condition monitoring and tailor-made development; chemical process management; and open gear, analytical, technical, and coating services. It provides its products to automotive suppliers and OEMs; mechanical engineering, metalworking, mining and exploration, aerospace, power generation, construction and transport, agriculture, and forestry sectors; and steel, metal, casting and forging, and cement industries, as well as food industry and glass producing sectors. Fuchs Petrolub SE was founded in 1931 and is headquartered in Mannheim, Germany.Corporate GovernanceFuchs Petrolub SE’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of N/A is N/A. The pillar scores are Audit: N/A; Board: N/A; Shareholder Rights: N/A; Compensation: N/A.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)








Fuchs Petrolub - Wikipedia






















 






Fuchs Petrolub

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Fuchs Petrolub SE)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Fuchs Petrolub SE





Type

Societas Europaea


Traded as
FWB: FPE


Industry
Chemicals


Founded
1931


Founder
Rudolf Fuchs


Headquarters
Mannheim, Germany



Number of locations

main manufacturing locations include:
Mannheim, Germany,
Belper, England



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Jürgen Strube (Chairman of the supervisory board), Stefan Fuchs (CEO)


Products
Lubricants, speciality automotive chemicals


Revenue
€1.459 billion (2010)[1]



Operating income

€250.1 million (2010)[1]


Profit
€170.7 million (2010)[1]


Total assets
€894.2 million (end 2010)[1]


Total equity
€545.9 million (end 2010)[1]



Number of employees

3,580 (end 2010)[1]


Website
www.fuchs-oil.com


Fuchs Petrolub SE is the world's largest independent manufacturer of lubricants, and related speciality products.[2][3][4][5] The company's headquarters are at Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, where the company was founded in 1931. Fuchs is a public company listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. As of 2016, it is a constituent of the MDAX trading index of German mid-cap companies.[6]



Contents


1 Fuchs products

1.1 Automotive products
1.2 Industrial products
1.3 Civil Engineering products
1.4 Mechanical Engineering products
1.5 General application products


2 Fuchs Lubritech
3 The "Silkolene" brand name
4 Fuchs in motorsports
5 Fuchs in association football
6 References
7 External links



Fuchs products[edit]
Fuchs produces a wide range of products, which include automotive lubricants (engine motor oils and transmission, for motor cars, motorcycles, agricultural, plant and stationary engines), metalworking lubricants, industrial, civil engineering, and hydraulic products. Fuchs also produces the Planto range of biodegradable products.
Automotive products[edit]

Fuchs Titan is a range of products aimed at motor cars, trucks, buses, agricultural and plant equipment.
Fuchs Silkolene is a product range specifically for motorcycles.

Industrial products[edit]

Fuchs Renolin are a range of hydraulic and industrial gearbox lubricants.

Civil Engineering products[edit]

Fuchs Renocast are a range of mould release agents, used when casting concrete.

Mechanical Engineering products[edit]

Fuchs Ecocut and Ecocool are fluids for metalworking, specifically cutting and general machining.
Fuchs Renoform and Trenoil are used for forming metals, be that die drawing, rolling or pressing, in both hot and cold processes.
Fuchs Thermisol are a range of quenching oils, used for heat treatment processes, including annealing and tempering.

General application products[edit]

Fuchs Renolit are a range of greases used across their entire portfolio, including aviation and food processing.
The Fuchs Anticorit range are non-toxic protectives for anti-corrosion, across a wide variety of applications, and are particularly suited to packaging, storage and transportation

Fuchs Lubritech[edit]
Fuchs Lubritech is a division that specializes in specialty lubricants, coatings and services for all industrial applications, especially mining, and other types of processing and
The "Silkolene" brand name[edit]
The Silkolene brand name has a long history, with the company originating in England. Initially, it was called Dalton and Company, being named after its founder, and sold Silkolene products. However, recognising the strength of the Silkolene brand, in the early 1980s, the company was renamed Silkolene Lubricants. In 1989, Silkolene Lubricants was acquired by the German Fuchs group, and the products were subsequently renamed Fuchs Silkolene.
The products themselves gained a high international regard.[citation needed] The Silkolene company developed specialist lubricants for aviation, including oils for the Merlin engine, as used in the Spitfire, Hurricane and Lancaster, to name a few. Silkolene dedicated many years on technical cooperation with the US Air Force, and was also involved with the supersonic passenger aircraft, Concorde. The company amassed expertise with synthetic lubricant technology, and Silkolene became a recognised world leader in the field of synthetic lubricants, including esters.[citation needed]
Synthetic lubricant technology continued, and in the early 1990s, developments continued to include Aerospace engineering, along with motorsports, including rallying and motorcycle racing. An early partnership was with Honda UK Motorcycle Race Team. With positive market exposure, coupled with a very high degree of research and development (R&D), and success in competition, Silkolene products became the market leader in the UK.
Presently, Silkolene products continue to be manufactured at Hanley, Stoke-on-Trent, in England. They are now also made in Germany, the US, and South East Asia. Fuchs purchased the British Batoyle Freedom Group company of Norfolk in 2014.[7][8]
Fuchs in motorsports[edit]
Fuchs, like many of their competitor brands of lubricants, have a strong worldwide presence in motorsports, particularly in Europe and the USA.
In the 2-wheel automotive segment, the Fuchs Silkolene brand sponsors many different classes of motorcycle racing, including prototype based racing: MotoGP, and production based SuperBike and SuperSports racing: World SuperBikes, World SuperSports, British SuperBikes. The brand has also been involved with Motorcross, and Speedway. Fuchs have a current long term partnership with Kawasaki motorcycles, although they also sponsor Honda, Suzuki and Yamaha. Silkolene have also participated in the Isle of Man TT races, arguably, the toughest test in the world for any motorcycle.
In Australia, in 2016 Fuchs are sponsoring V8 Supercar teams Brad Jones Racing and Charlie Schwerkolt Racing, having previously sponsored Tasman Motorsport, Stone Brothers Racing and Erebus Motorsport, as well as drag racing teams John Zappia Racing and Lamattina Top Fuel Racing.
Fuchs in association football[edit]
Fuchs are currently the sponsors of the Iraqi Premier League, which is therefore officially known as the Fuchs Premier League. They also have a sponsorship deal with the Iraq national football team, with the company's logo featuring on the national team's training kits. Fuchs also sponsor Iraqi football clubs Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya, Al-Minaa, Karbalaa and Al-Talaba.
References[edit]



^ a b c d e f "Annual Report 2010" (PDF). Fuchs Petrolub. Retrieved 27 March 2010. 
^ Fuchs history
^ Matthews, Sheenagh. "Fuchs Shares Drop as Demand for Lubricants Seen Stagnating". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 
^ Cremer, Andreas. "Fuchs Petrolub, Jenoptik, Solarworld: German Equity Preview". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 
^ Randow, Jana. "German Factory Orders Unexpectedly Decline for Third Month". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 
^ "MDAX Constituents". Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Deutsche Börse. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 
^ Allcock, Andrew. "Fuchs Lubricants (UK) buys Batoyle Freedom Group". Machinery. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 
^ Zientek, Henryk. "Batoyle jobs in Milnsbridge at risk following sale to German company". Huddersfield Daily Examiner. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 



External links[edit]


Germany portal
Energy portal
Companies portal



Official website (English)
Official website (German)
Frankfurt Stock Exchange listing (Deutsche Börse)
Bloomberg
Reuters







v
t
e


MDAX companies of Germany






Aareal Bank
Airbus Group
Aurubis
Axel Springer
Bilfinger
Brenntag
CTS Eventim
Deutsche EuroShop
Deutsche Pfandbriefbank
Deutsche Wohnen
Dürr
ElringKlinger
Evonik Industries
Fielmann
Fraport
Fuchs Petrolub
GEA Group
Gerresheimer
DMG Mori Seiki AG
Hannover Re
Hella
Hochtief
Hugo Boss
Jungheinrich
Kabel Deutschland
KION Group
Klöckner
Krones
KUKA
Lanxess
LEG Immobilien
Leoni
MAN
Metro
MTU Aero Engines
Norma Group
Osram
ProSiebenSat.1 Media
Rheinmetall
Rhön-Klinikum
RTL Group
Salzgitter
Südzucker
Symrise
STADA
TAG
Talanx
Wacker Chemie
Wincor Nixdorf
Zalando










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Fuchs_Petrolub&oldid=792330110"					
Categories: Motor oilsOil companies of GermanyManufacturing companies of GermanyMultinational companies headquartered in GermanyCompanies based in Baden-WürttembergManufacturing companies established in 19311931 establishments in GermanyCompanies listed on the Frankfurt Stock ExchangeGerman brandsHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2009Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 22:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






FUCHS | Fuchs Petrolub SE

   ×We use cookies to ensure our website works properly and to collect statistics about users in order for us to improve the website. If you continue to browse this site you will accept our use of cookies.Read moreJump to content     Visit our FUCHS Group siteor choose your country:


Basic Materials and Energy Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Basic Materials and Energy StocksBaytex Energy Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesBTE• Today, 10:09 AM • SA TranscriptsInnophos Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIPHS• Today, 10:02 AM • SA TranscriptsEndeavour Mining Corporation 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEDVMF• Today, 10:00 AM • SA TranscriptsHelmerich & Payne: Dividend Concerns Overshadow A Solid QuarterHP• Today, 9:40 AM • Richard Zeits•1 CommentHeidelbergCement AG ADR 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHDELY• Today, 9:34 AM • SA TranscriptsGuyana Goldfields Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGUYFF• Today, 9:31 AM • SA TranscriptsTimkenSteel Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTMST• Today, 9:21 AM • SA TranscriptsAMZA: Numbers Do Not LieAMZA• Today, 9:17 AM • Trapping Value•27 CommentsTrevali Adds Another Zinc-Lead-Silver AssetTREVF• Today, 8:53 AM • Peter ArendasFreeport-McMoRan: Still A BuyFCX• Today, 8:28 AM • Orthodox Investor•1 CommentMerchant Refiners' Shares End July Mixed As RIN Prices ReboundEditors' Pick • CLMT, CVRR, DK• Today, 7:45 AM • Tristan R. BrownEnterprise Products Partners: This 6% Yield Is A BuyEPD• Today, 6:21 AM • Lyn Alden Schwartzer•8 CommentsYamana Gold - 2nd Quarter Results... A Stock Price Opportunity?AUY• Today, 6:11 AM • Fun Trading•8 CommentsWhiting Petroleum's Q2 Results: Initial ImpressionsWLL• Yesterday, 6:49 PM • Open Square Capital•12 CommentsRoyal Dutch Shell Gearing Up To Stay 'Fit For The Forties'RDS.A, RDS.B• Yesterday, 6:49 PM • Aisha Rahman•20 CommentsCliffs Natural Resources Offers $575 Million Of Senior NotesCLF• Yesterday, 6:43 PM • Vladimir Zernov•31 CommentsEnergy Transfer Partners: Time To Buy?ETP• Yesterday, 6:35 PM • RCK Financial Services•21 CommentsSeadrill Supports North Atlantic Drilling Once AgainSDRL, NADL• Yesterday, 6:29 PM • Vladimir Zernov•12 CommentsExxon Mobil: This Could Get UglyXOM• Yesterday, 6:22 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•15 CommentsMake Lemonade Out Of Lemons: Sell Nabors Industries ShortNBR• Yesterday, 6:08 PM • Bobak Forouzan•4 CommentsSuncor: Better Days AheadSU• Yesterday, 5:59 PM • Long Player•7 CommentsIntegrated Oil And Gas: Exxon Mobil Vs. ChevronCVX, XOM• Yesterday, 5:50 PM • Mark Bern, CFA•9 CommentsExxon: Seeking Permian GrowthXOM• Yesterday, 4:26 PM • Callum Turcan•5 CommentsStill Time To Get Into Energy CompaniesXLE• Yesterday, 4:07 PM • Vine Investor•2 CommentsOrganic Growth A Key Part Of Improving Plains All American Pipeline's Distribution CoveragePAA, PAGP• Yesterday, 4:01 PM • Callum Turcan•2 CommentsWhiting's Redtail DUC Deception Continues: Q2 UpdateEditors' Pick • WLL• Yesterday, 3:44 PM • Bookvalue Hunter•25 CommentsExxon Mobil: Should This Dividend Champion Be In Your Portfolio?XOM• Yesterday, 3:27 PM • Jun Wei Yeo•21 CommentsChina Aviation Oil: Q2 2017 Results, Share Price Hit By FX Impact, Underlying Fundamentals Remain HealthyCAOLF• Yesterday, 3:27 PM • Roann PartnersCVR Refining's Q2 Earnings Call Is Bad News For Its InvestorsCVRR• Yesterday, 1:50 PM • Tristan R. Brown•18 CommentsResource Sector Digest: Topping Dr. Evil?Editors' Pick • ABGLF• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Itinerant•8 CommentsWhiting Petroleum Reduces Its Capital Expenditure PlansWLL• Yesterday, 1:13 PM • Elephant Analytics•7 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan - Strong Investment At Low PricesFCX• Yesterday, 1:11 PM • The Value Portfolio•13 CommentsExxon Mobil Keeps Moving SidewaysXOM• Yesterday, 12:43 PM • D.M. Martins Research•8 CommentsCarbo Ceramics - Sales Increase 111% From The Previous YearCRR• Yesterday, 11:53 AM • Long Player•5 CommentsDiamond Offshore: Solid Beat And Return To Growth (At Last)DO• Yesterday, 11:43 AM • D.M. Martins Research•14 CommentsCapstone Mining Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCSFFF• Yesterday, 10:56 AM • SA TranscriptsChevron: Q2 Earnings Signal ComebackCVX• Yesterday, 10:09 AM • General Expert•6 CommentsBuy Chevron At $105.20CVX• Yesterday, 9:45 AM • Dividend Investors•2 CommentsThe Monster Trend Boosting CliffsCLF• Yesterday, 9:15 AM • Leo Nelissen•59 CommentsRetirement Strategy: More Downside, More PainXOM• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Regarded Solutions•96 CommentsExxon Mobil's Premium Is ShrinkingXOM• Yesterday, 8:49 AM • The Value Investor•6 CommentsChesapeake Energy's Bumpy Road AheadCHK• Yesterday, 8:28 AM • Daniel Jones•8 CommentsBarrick Gold - Second Quarter 2017: Encouraging ResultsABX• Yesterday, 8:25 AM • Fun Trading•9 CommentsExxon Mobil Takes Out New 52-Week LowXOM• Yesterday, 8:19 AM • Jonathan Weber•9 CommentsChevron - Booming At The Wrong TimeCVX• Yesterday, 8:12 AM • The Value Investor•11 CommentsApache's Alpine High Q2 2017 Update: A Milestone Is ReachedAPA• Yesterday, 7:40 AM • DrillBit Research•17 CommentsGoldcorp: 2nd Quarter 2017 Results - A Lackluster Performance, But...GG• Yesterday, 7:01 AM • Fun Trading•8 CommentsLilis Energy: A Permian Small Cap That Will Get A Lot BiggerLLEX• Yesterday, 6:02 AM • Long Player•6 CommentsChevron: Gorgon LNG Is (Finally) ExcellingCVX• Yesterday, 4:32 AM • Michael Fitzsimmons•26 CommentsAgnico Eagle - 2nd Quarter Results... Another Solid PerformanceAEM• Yesterday, 2:15 AM • Fun TradingMartin Midstream Partners L.P. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMMLP• Yesterday, 12:37 AM • SA TranscriptsAK Steel Got Crushed - What's Next?AKS• Sun, Jul. 30, 11:01 PM • Leo Nelissen•16 CommentsMLPs On MuteTGP, FGP, TOO• Sun, Jul. 30, 10:48 PM • Hinds Howard•12 CommentsAnglo American plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAAUKF• Sun, Jul. 30, 10:08 PM • SA TranscriptsConocoPhillips: FY Cash-Flow Guidance Largely Unchanged Despite Asset SalesCOP• Sun, Jul. 30, 3:15 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•35 CommentsGDX: Bull Miners Buy 23.80 BreakGDX• Sun, Jul. 30, 2:17 PM • Dividend Investors•22 CommentsLP Yields 8%, Reports Record Earnings, Raises Distribution AgainGLOP• Sun, Jul. 30, 10:24 AM • Double Dividend Stocks•23 CommentsLundin Mining Corp. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLUNMF• Sun, Jul. 30, 8:04 AM • SA TranscriptsI'm Getting Closer To Pulling The Trigger On Mid-Con Energy PartnersMCEP• Sat, Jul. 29, 3:34 PM • Daniel Jones•37 CommentsExxon Mobil Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesXOM• Sat, Jul. 29, 12:50 PM • SA Transcripts•11 CommentsWhiting Petroleum Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesWLL• Sat, Jul. 29, 12:48 PM • SA Transcripts•14 CommentsDow Chemical Co. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDOW• Sat, Jul. 29, 11:30 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentConocoPhillips 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesCOP• Sat, Jul. 29, 11:21 AM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsRecord Earnings, 18 Straight Hikes, 12%-15% Distribution Growth, Guidance Up Again, Insider BuyingMPLX• Sat, Jul. 29, 9:54 AM • Double Dividend Stocks•46 CommentsDelek Logistics Partners: Time To Sell After An Impressive RunEditors' Pick • DKL• Sat, Jul. 29, 9:20 AM • Tristan R. Brown•3 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan Has Room To RunFCX• Sat, Jul. 29, 8:03 AM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•23 CommentsTransocean: A Mixed Bag Ahead Of EarningsRIG• Sat, Jul. 29, 6:15 AM • Daniel Jones•36 CommentsFerro Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFOE• Fri, Jul. 28, 8:41 PM • SA TranscriptsConocoPhillips' Q2 Shock And AweCOP• Fri, Jul. 28, 4:21 PM • Callum Turcan•2 CommentsHummingbird Resources Is Getting Ready To FlyHUMRF• Fri, Jul. 28, 4:12 PM • Kevin Vlerick•7 CommentsNew Gold's Shares Should Experience Significant Near-Term GainsNGD• Fri, Jul. 28, 4:00 PM • Peter Arendas•19 CommentsEnsco's Second-Quarter Results: A Bottom Or A Negative Trend?ESV• Fri, Jul. 28, 3:57 PM • Fun Trading•52 CommentsStatoil: Clearly Undervalued With Oil At ~$50STO• Fri, Jul. 28, 3:42 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•27 CommentsChevron: When To ReassessCVX• Fri, Jul. 28, 3:13 PM • Quad 7 Capital•12 CommentsIAMGOLD Corporation (IAG) Updates on Rosebel Reserves and Resources - SlideshowIAG• Fri, Jul. 28, 2:13 PM • SA Transcripts•4 Comments123456...714Next Page





Fuchs Petrolub's (FUPEF) on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Fuchs Petrolub's (FUPEF) on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.28.17 | About: Fuchs Petrolub (FUPEF) Fuchs Petrolub SE (OTC:FUPEF) Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call April 28, 2017  6:00 AM ET
Executives
Thomas Altmann - Head of Investor Relations
Dagmar Steinert - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts
Martin Rödiger - Kepler Cheuvreux
Daniel Buchta - Main First Bank
Michael Schäfer - Commerzbank
Markus Mayer - Baader Bank
Knud Hinkel - Equinet AG
Andrew Heap - Berenberg Bank
Oliver Schwarz - Warburg Research
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. My name is Jasmine, your conference call operator. Welcome and thank you for joining the Fuchs Petrolub Analyst Conference call. Joining today’s call presentation all participants will be in a listen-only mode. The presentation will be follow-up question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions].
I would now like to turn the conference over to Thomas Altmann. Please go ahead.
Thomas Altmann
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to our Q1 2017 earnings conference call. My name is Thomas Altmann, Head of Investor Relations with Fuchs Petrolub. With me today, Dagmar Steinert, CFO of Fuchs. Let me hand over directly to Dagmar for a short presentation which is as usual followed by the Q&A session.
Dagmar Steinert, the floor is yours.
Dagmar Steinert
Thank you, Thomas. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank from our side thank you for joining us as well. We had a good start to the year 2017 and finished our first quarter with the growth and sales and earnings compared to the previous year quarter. The increase sales by 12% to €680 million and we had organic growth in our regions. We had slight external growth due to our positions in the year 2016 in North America and we had tailwind from currency. Our EBIT increase by 11% to €94 million and our outlook for the full-year 2017 remains unchanged.
Let me turn to Slide 3 to give you a better overview what happened. On a quarterly basis the compare a strong first quarter 2017 with recent quarter 2016. In the year 2016 for second quarter was quite strong. Therefore in our views it is better to compare the first half of the year 2016 with first half of the year 2017.
Coming now to the next Slide number 4. There we can see how our sales developed. We see an organic growth of 9%, €51 million and that organic growth is across on region. I come later in detail to the region. Our acquisitions in North America contributed 1% to our growth in sales and from the currency we had 2% growth as a tailwind.
Overall as I said at before 12% growth in sales. But I would like to give you some more details about the development of sales in our regions. I would like to start with Europe where we see an organic growth of 5.5% and just slightly negative currency effect of 0.2%. In Europe, we had to good sales growth in Germany and in the UK, but I would like to remind you that in the first quarter 2016 the development in Europe was quite weak.
In Asia Pacific Africa to see an organic growth of 21%. This strong growth was mainly in China, but also in Australia and South Africa. Due to currency we gain another 4% as well that is for strong South African went and the Australian dollar. In America due to the economic recovery in North America and Brazil we see an organic growth of remarkable at 9%. There we have as well 7% or 7.4% external growth due to our Chevron and Ultrachem acquisition the year before. Overall 9% organic growth in the whole group.
If you turn now to the income statement of the first quarter 2017 we see this remarkable earnings and sales increases. And as I said before, the first quarter 2017 is quite strong. We picked up the good development of the last quarter of 2016 and we compared with the weaker quarter 2016.
And of course as influenced by the Easter holidays because in 2016, the Easter holidays has been in the first quarter in 2017 we have Easter in the second quarter. So I just would like to repeat that in our – as it's better to compare the first half of 2017 which we will published in August with the first half of the year 2016.

If I turn your attention to our gross profit, you can see that our gross profit went up by 10% and that's less than our sales increased. That’s due to mix and price effect. There's a change in the product mix and we have some price effect as well. But our other function costs increases also unproportional and therefore we are able to show an increase in the EBIT before equity of 11.3%. And after our equity income, our EBIT is up 11%, it’s €94 million of €85 million in the year before.
Our earnings after tax are even more up 12.6% that's due to our tax rate where we had a gain of one percentage point. If you have a look at our EBIT development by the quarters, you can see that it's somehow changed we are now comparing somehow apples-with-apples because in 2016, we had all the times influenced by the big acquisitions Pentosin and Statoil, and they are – now we are comparing some of the same numbers. And you can see that we have the last three quarters EBIT of €94 million and just the first quarter 2016 and the second quarter 2016 are somehow different.
I'm sure you're going to ask one question, why our EBITDA for first quarter 2017 is on the same level as last quarter 2016, while on the sales side we see an increase in sales if I compare these two quarters. Just to give you an answer on that now that is the main impact is in the fourth quarter 2016, the year end booking and the position other income and expenses. We had in the fourth quarter 2016 some positive effect of plan amendments in the pension plans in UK. There was a positive effect we had some release acquisition and we had some currency gains. So that has got nothing really to do with the operating business.
If I come now to our next slide to the EBIT by regions, you can see that of course Europe still remains the biggest portion of our group earnings and there is got an increase of EBIT by €3 million or 6%, which goes along with the sales increase. And for the EBIT, the same belongs as belong to the sales there is a significant roles in Germany.
If you come now to Asia-Pacific Africa, we have an increase in EBIT of €5 million from €29 million to €34 million that’s more than 15%, but sales went up higher. Therefore, the margin - the EBIT margin before equity in Asia-Pacific Africa is below the previous year's quarter. And we had additional OEM business in Asia-Pacific, Africa with slightly lower margins and that’s one of the reasons.
In America, we saw an EBIT of €17 million that's €2 million more than the previous year’s quarter and that's an increase of 12%. But the EBIT margin before equity came down in America minus 1.6 percentage points. In America, we have seen positive earnings trend in the U.S. and we have seen Brazil picking up slightly. Anyhow the margins came down. We had gains in the mining business on the sales side, but with some lower margins. And in America, we had some non-recurring items, but overall with an increase in sales of 12% and the margins will go up again.
Coming now to the cash flow of the first quarter 2017, the free cash flow is €15 million above the previous year and that’s 55% and I think it’s remarkably good number. Wherever it comes from of course from our higher earnings, earnings after tax increased by €7 million, but as well we have been able to decrease the number of the capital, which we need for our working capital. So here the amount of money came down from €32 million to €25 million.
On the CapEx side, you will see the same number as in the year before €40 million and you know that we are having our €300 million investment of CapEx program and we will see in 2017 more or less the same number we've seen in 2016, so overall an improvement in free cash flow. Our employees came up in the first quarter by 47 people that was mainly in Europe and mainly in marketing and sales and production.

I would now like to come to our unchanged outlook because today we are confirming our outlook. And based on the good start to the year, you might think that our outlook may seem some more cautious, but we see some risks with regard to the macro economic developments with the political environment and you all know the topic if it’s the Brexit and the question how stable is the – if it’s the election in France or the question what will happen in the U.S. and there are lots of things. Therefore, we confirm our full-year outlook at this time and still see sales growth between 4% to 6%, but that's mainly organic without the currency effect and slightly lower EBIT increase 1% to 5%.
And yes, it’s so much from my side and now we are happy to take your questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Martin Rödiger of Kepler Cheuvreux. Please go ahead.
Martin Rödiger
Thank you and good afternoon, and thank you for taking my three questions. First, on the EBIT margin development. Can you quantify the non-recurring items in Asia, the mix effects in Australia and in Americas and the higher input costs in the first quarter?
And secondly, you mentioned at the last Analyst Meeting that you expect also a margin dilution from the higher depreciation charges as well as higher staff costs. Is that still – has that also played a role in Q1 or was the effect just negligible because the staff numbers increased by only 1.7% and the depreciation charges increased by just 2 million.
And finally, on the regional development. I saw that also the organic growth obviously in Australia, South Africa and Brazil seems to have improved quite substantially. And in the past, you were not really happy with these three regions, so Australia, South Africa and Brazil. Can you help me to understand what is changed regarding these three regions in recent time that you are now more optimistic on these regions? Thanks.
Dagmar Steinert
Yes. Thank you for your questions Mr. Rödiger. To start with your first question about the EBIT margin development and non-recurring items, just to make it clear, we only have non-recurring items in the segment America and we don't want or we don’t name the number is of course very low single-digit million number. It’s nothing really which is important for the group, but in the first quarter the numbers are smaller and therefore even 1 million would make a big difference in terms of percentage of increase. And therefore, yes. I thing that's all I'm able to say to that.
Our higher depreciation you’ll see in the first quarter 2017, an increase of €2 million and of course there are all things which reduce a bit the margin. That's right, but we're not going to address these figures and we've got of course higher personnel expenses, personnel cost, but the things we face and that are our higher – our cost base gets higher. And therefore, we said that in March already we see our EBIT increase a bit less than our sales increase and there nothing really changed.
The organic growth you mentioned in Australia, Brazil and South Africa. In Australia we picked up. We had some really good improvement in the mining business. In Brazil it's more or less the question of an overall economy development. And in South Africa our activities are picking up after they've been for some while more or less flat.
Martin Rödiger
Maybe I have – a lot will asked in follow-up question on the raw materials. Have you been fully able to pass on all raw material increase to your customer in the first quarter and or do you want to convey that the mix effect in the first quarter was more important than the raw material effect?

Dagmar Steinert
In the first quarter in general, we haven’t seen significant raw material effect or increase in raw material cost. We will see that in the upcoming month, in the second quarter and because it always need sometime after it comes to our books. So in the first quarter, there is no effect out of increasing raw materials in there on a significant effect. And therefore the decrease in the gross margin is due to mix effect, product mix effect and when we set price effect that means that we have the one of the other order or of course it comes from the product mix with lower margin.
Martin Rödiger
Thank you very much.
Operator
The next question comes from the line of Daniel Buchta of Main First Bank. Please go ahead.
Daniel Buchta
Yes, good afternoon, everybody, and thank you very much for taking my questions. I also have three ones. In the press release, you got it to have seen some Easter benefits. I assume it's especially in Europe, but also partly in America, and can you quantify this or is it just more in one percentage point range? Is it more two percentage points and what does this mean for Q2? Is it fair to assume especially for Europe to see a slowdown? That's the first question.
The second one in, can you just elaborate a bit that current trends you're seeing in Q2 so far, is there already a slowdown or do you see a continuation of the very favorable trends you saw in Q1? And the last one on the guidance, I mean you touched it already a bit, I mean on the back of the strong Q1 especially on the topline performance? Do you – it’s kind of would imply the slowdown especially in the second half probably is it more higher comps that you're seeing there or is it really just that you see the underlying trends might become less favorable. That’s it from my side? Thank you very much.
Dagmar Steinert
Okay. Mr. Buchta, thank you. The Easter benefit, we are not – first of all not able to quantify and we don't want to quantify it. It's just to point out that we have a base effect and that we compare a weak quarter Q1 2016 with a strong quarter Q1 2017. And of course an Easter effect is mainly Europe, maybe a bit in other countries as well. But it's just evidence.
The current trend in April, we don't see really a slowdown at the moment. But it's just more feeling because we haven't got any numbers yet for April the month hasn't even finished and in our guidance it's just the – all these questions of risks and challenging environment that we don't see there today any room to increase our guidance and of course it's a base effect here as well.
And as I pointed out in the sort presentation, due to the quarterly development, I think it's very important to compare the first six months of 2017 with the previous year, and you as well of course will have a better view about the development compared to the previous year.
Daniel Buchta
Great, thank you very much.
Operator
Next question comes from the line of Michael Schäfer of Commerzbank. Please go head.
Michael Schäfer
Yes, thanks for taking my two questions if I may. First one is on APAC. I try to get a better understand and what happens there in the first quarter showing such a strong organic growth repeating basically what you have shown into the fourth quarter already. While on the other hand do you have seen a significant dilution on the EBIT margin side in contrast to what you have reported the year before and but also the quarter before on the fourth quarter.
So you mentioned end contracts are probably adversely affecting the mix effect there. But this was probably also the case already in the in the fourth quarter. So I'd like to get a better view what happens there.
And also related to APAC, shall we assume basically given that you've probably picked up a major order maybe in the fourth quarter, first quarter that this is strong organic growth is at least continuing in the second and the third quarter until comps are getting tougher and this kind of dilution on the EBIT margin side is going to continue in the course of the year, this would be let’s say my first question.

And the second one is on your networking capital significantly improved in the first quarter 2017 despite a strong increase in sales. So how is this evolving basically in the course of 2017? Should we assume a normalization year on a networking capital drain? Thank you.
Dagmar Steiner
Thank you, Mr. Schäfer. Your first question regarding the Asia-Pacific, we had a very strong organic growth in the fourth quarter 2016 and in the first quarter 2017 in China, in the OEM business. And in the fourth quarter, we’ve been somehow surprised as well about that really strong growth.
We didn't expect that and it hasn't just been like year-end buying due do some tax benefits, which has been cut by the Chinese government and the organic growth just continued in the first quarter 2017. For the upcoming month, we see if you look at our overall outlook, of course somehow it slowdown because we stick to our outlook and therefore we can't expect an organic growth for the whole group to continue to be 9% each quarter.
Your question regarding the dilution of the EBIT before equity margin in Asia-Pacific, where we’ve seen reduction of 0.8% that's the mix effect of course and well it's a question of small numbers of course as well, because I mean the first quarter, three months very small numbers and I'm not always sure of the every single costs cutoff really exactly and we compare here – that’s basic that you compare a very strong quarter with slightly weaker quarter in the year before.
And just to point it out, Asia-Pacific, Africa has a great development even in EBIT. It's an increase of over 15%. Our improvement in net operating working capital is compared with the first quarter 2016 really good, but in 2016 you might remember we have this implementation of SAP in the whole production of our Lubritech activities and therefore we had some delays in delivering product and every thing.
And obviously in the first quarter 2016 might not be representative for the normal net operating working capital. And on the other hand, of course our net operating working capital in total or as a percentage of sales is came up 2016 a bit. But one reason is these increasing intercompany deliveries out of the Pentosin business, which we acquired in 2015.
Michael Schäfer
Okay. Just sort of follow-up you on the APAC margins. You're saying basically that your organic growth is probably declining in the next couple of quarters, I don’t really understand why, but let's take it this way. Does this mean basically the sales mix will enrich again and hence this will be the driver for margins moving up during the upcoming quarter, so how should we think about this one?
Dagmar Steinert
Well, as you know you visibility for our sales, our order is very short because we don't have any order backlog and we don't have the long-term contracts. Therefore, its more expectations and it's difficult to presume and let's wait and see.
Michael Schäfer
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
Next question comes from the line of Markus Mayer of Baader. Please go ahead.
Markus Mayer
Hi. Hello, everybody. So add-on question firstly on net from capital to sales ratio, how do you seethe development given the expected raw material cost increases in 2017? And then secondly, again on this non-recurring item in North America, am I right that was a negative one-off and just as a [indiscernible] cash on this mix effect in Asia and portfolio one-off or is this – just started to therefore that sustainable and maybe as [indiscernible] they have the lower margins on this business and that’s basically my question.
Dagmar Steinert
Okay. Just to start with these one-off items in America, yes that was – is a negative effect.
Markus Mayer
Okay.
Dagmar Steinert
And our margins in Asia Pacific, Africa where we are in the first quarter 1.8% below previous year. I believe that we won't see for the full-year in terms of margin the number we've seen before so minus 0.8%.

Markus Mayer
Basically this negative effect just been leveling out whether or should be shrink on that?
Dagmar Steinert
Somehow yes.
Markus Mayer
Okay.
Dagmar Steinert
And you had a question about net operating working capital and sales ratio, but I didn’t get it right.
Markus Mayer
Yes, the question is basically if the current net from capital to sales ratio is good run rate going forward in particular given your expectation that raw material cost will start to rise for you in the second quarter?
Dagmar Steinert
Okay. Well, the raw material price increase which we expect today or which we see will be in general overall 1% to 2% even if some raw materials or the increase is higher with other players, so it’s a mix effect as well of course, but 1% to 2% maybe 3%, it’s difficult to predict, but something around that number we would definitely see.
Markus Mayer
That’s net from capital ratio of 2:1 is a run rate for the full-year?
Dagmar Steinert
Yes.
Markus Mayer
Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator
Next question comes from the line of Knud Hinkel of Equinet AG. Please go ahead.
Knud Hinkel
Hi, good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for taking the question. If I may first one would be whether you have seen any contribution from your newbuild equity factories in Q1 already. Second question on the tax rate, you said you saw an improvement by one percentage point, question is whether that is going to be sustainable in the course of the year? And last question is a follow-up to the raw material, how long do you think it will take to pass through the increased raw material at the second quarter. Is that the usual six months or do you think that might take longer? Thank you.
Dagmar Steinert
Thank you, Mr. Hinkel. Well, your first question the contribution of our new grease factory in Chicago, actually none at all because we are still in the pace of ramping up their production and we've got an officinal opening in May, but we won't see a bigger contributions before 2018 because it will take some time to ramp up to build up the whole production with all this different product.
In terms of tax rate, we expect for the full-year tax rate of around 30% and the improvement we've seen in the first quarter is just due to the [indiscernible] in connection with dividends because we always collect dividends from our local subsidiaries to payout our dividend to our shareholders in May.
The raw material cost, it’s still unchanged that means that we always need one to two quarter, so three to six months at least to pass-through raw material prices increases. So there are nothing changed in the setup or in the way we treat that and that's one of the reasons why in our outlook, the EBIT increase is below sales increase, because we just got there this timeline.
Knud Hinkel
Okay, thank you.
Operator
Next question comes from the line of Andrew Heap of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Andrew Heap
Hi, Dagmar, thanks for taking my questions. Firstly, could you elaborates a bit more on the end market development and so – in different regions where you see different industries picking up and I know you said mine was improving, but also touch on the automotive market. And also would you be able to comment if you think there was any pre-buying from customers in anticipation of any of this inflation? And then finally on the CapEx, do you still feel confident of reaching around $100 million by the end of the year, given that your quite far below a quarters up? Thanks.
Dagmar Steinert
Okay. Yes, Andrew, thank you for your questions. To start with your last one, our CapEx that’s always the same, in the first quarter our CapEx spending is quite low. You’ve seen it in 2016 as well where we reached $93 million for the whole year and you’ve the same number in the first quarter. So that's just normal. The same happens every year and our CapEx spending – well if you split the CapEx spending for a whole year, it is due to the billing and everything mainly in the second half of the year.

Andrew Heap
Okay.
Dagmar Steinert
Regarding pre-buying from customers, we don't see – we are not aware that a pre-buying is taking place and the different end markets, which are in our different regions overall. There is nothing much to say in Europe if got over all industries, a good growth in North America, in Australia, we got a good increase in the mining industry in China, but in North America as well.
We had good development in the automotive business, but automotive business here doesn’t only mean passenger cars is of course trucks, heavy vehicles and these things as well. But we haven't seen any really bad development of any industry in one of these regions.
Andrew Heap
Okay. Great. Thanks.
Dagmar Steinert
You are welcome.
Operator
The next question comes from the line of Oliver Schwarz of Warburg Research. Please go ahead.
Oliver Schwarz
Yes. Thank you for taking my question. I'm still trying to get my head around the strong growth in Asia. You just pointed out following the question that growth in China was – in Asia was predominantly driven by the automotive industry, while in Australia that the mining industry is still alive and kicking and came back to let’s say more strengths than before. However, searching from the numbers of car producers in Asia it seems like your growth is ahead of markets. So are you in the position to claim that you have gained market share?
Is that existing customers that have just ordered more or did you win new customer or consumer groups that could explain the significant increase in sales that started already in Q4 last year? And that brings us back I think to the question of sustainability because Dagmar you said that it's unlikely to be sustainable this kind of growth until the end of this year because basically it is unlikely that those growth rates are sustainable. But I haven't yet gotten an impression that you have given a reason for that. Could you help me out with that please?
Dagmar Steinert
Yes. Oliver. Well due to our short visibility and all these uncertainty in the overall environment, we just don't see anything to adjust our outlook for the full-year because just one good quarter and when we made our outlook, we expected already a strong first quarter in 2017 that was not really a big surprise.
We don't see any reason to increase our outlook, and especially China, yes, we’ve got really good growth and higher organic growth in the overall industry or the market. It is with existing customers and it’s a mix – that’s a question of mixed effect. We had some new customers, but nothing really were to mention. Well a strong increase in the OEM business and partly due to our Pentosin business.
Oliver Schwarz
Right. I might throw in a last question, have you seen that way of so to speak breaking already are at least coming, in the second quarter have you seen any indications of a slowdown yet?
Dagmar Steinert
As April hasn’t ended by now and we get the first number of course some days later, but. I’m in contact with my colleagues and we haven't seen a big slowdown yet.
Oliver Schwarz
Okay. Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Dagmar Steinert
You are welcome.
End of Q&A
Operator
There are no further questions at this time. I’ll hand back to Dagmar Steinert for closing comment.
Thomas Altmann
Since there's no further question, this was it from our side. Thank you very much for your interest in listening. We wish you a very good weekend and see you next time.
Dagmar Steinert
Thank you very much.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded and you may disconnect your telephone. Thank you for joining and have a pleasant day. Good bye.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Basic Materials, Electric Utilities, Germany, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All FUPEF TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Products & Industries | FUCHS PETROLUB SE        ×We use cookies to ensure our website works properly and to collect statistics about users in order for us to improve the website. If you continue to browse this site you will accept our use of cookies.Read moreJump to content HomeThe CompanyProducts & Industries      Product Review    Industries and Applications    Products of FUCHS Companies  Contact+49 (0) 621-3802-0 E-Mail Contactcontact@fuchs-oil.deContact 
Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Taylor Wimpey's (TWODF) CEO Peter Redfern on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TWODF•
      Tue, Aug.  1,  9:48 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Infineon Technologies' (IFNNF) Reinhard Ploss on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IFNNF•
      Tue, Aug.  1,  9:33 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Genel Energy's (GEGYF) CEO Murat Ozgul on Half Year 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GEGYF•
      Tue, Aug.  1,  6:54 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




American Vanguard's (AVD) CEO Eric Wintemute on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AVD•
      Mon, Jul. 31, 11:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SBA Communications (SBAC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SBAC•
      Mon, Jul. 31, 11:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cognex (CGNX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CGNX•
      Mon, Jul. 31, 11:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



ZIOPHARM Oncology's (ZIOP) CEO Laurence Cooper on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ZIOP•
      Mon, Jul. 31, 11:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CNX Coal Resources' (CNXC) CEO Jimmy Brock on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CNXC•
      Mon, Jul. 31, 10:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TrueBlue's (TBI) CEO Steven Cooper on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TBI•
      Mon, Jul. 31, 10:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Integrated Device Technology (IDTI) Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IDTI•
      Mon, Jul. 31, 10:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Intevac's (IVAC) CEO Wendell Blonigan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


IVAC•
      Mon, Jul. 31, 10:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kona Grill's (KONA) CEO Berke Bakay on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KONA•
      Mon, Jul. 31, 10:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Harmonic's (HLIT) CEO Patrick Harshman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLIT•
      Mon, Jul. 31, 10:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Texas Roadhouse (TXRH) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TXRH•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  9:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TriNet Group (TNET) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TNET•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  9:20 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Veracyte's (VCYT) CEO Bonnie Anderson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VCYT•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  9:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Pandora Media (P) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


P•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  8:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Credit Acceptance's (CACC) CEO Brett Roberts on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CACC•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  8:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Trex (TREX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TREX•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  8:27 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Instructure's (INST) CEO Josh Coates on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


INST•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  8:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Fair Isaac (FICO) Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FICO•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  8:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Matson's (MATX) CEO Matt Cox on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MATX•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  7:59 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Heartland Financial's (HTLF) CEO Lynn Fuller on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HTLF•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  7:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Amkor Technology's (AMKR) CEO Steve Kelley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AMKR•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  7:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Nautilus' (NLS) CEO Bruce Cazenave on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NLS•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  7:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Xerium Technologies' (XRM) CEO Mark Staton on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


XRM•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  7:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Precision Drilling's (PDS) CEO Kevin Neveu on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PDS•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  7:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




EnPro Industries' (NPO) CEO Stephen MacAdam on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NPO•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  5:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Oil States International's (OIS) CEO Cindy Taylor on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OIS•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  5:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Global Ship Lease's (GSL) CEO Ian Webber on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GSL•
      Mon, Jul. 31,  4:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4465Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



FUCHS PETROLUB SE - PREF | Derivatives





















Skip to Content
Skip to Navigation
 













NYSE Top Hat



About us
Investor relations
News
Contact us
中文
 

 
 








 
 








Idiomas



EN
FR
NL
PT
 

 
 



Procurar










 Get Quote


 Search Site









 
 





Derivatives


 






Raising Capital
Accessing the Capital Markets
Equity Financing
Bond Financing
Other corporate and financing actions
Admission forms, on-going obligations and fees
Including: Application Forms, Listing Fees
International Listings
FastPath
SMEs
Family Business
Sector Focus
Services for Issuers
Listing Sponsors
Events
Corporate Actions
Customer Support
Frequently Asked Questions
Issuer Directory
IPO Showcase
Euronext
Euronext Growth™
Euronext Access™
Next Step
Trading & Products
Equities
Fixed Income
Funds
ETFs
Warrants & Certificates
Indices
Equity Derivatives
Including: Stock Options, Stock Futures, Dividend Derivatives, Equity Index Derivatives, ETF Options
FX Derivatives
Commodities
Euronext Synapse
Euronext Block (MTF)
Euronext Expert Market
AtomX
Euronext Collateral Services
ETF One-Stop Shop
Trading Services
Market Status
Calendar & Hours
Fees & Charges
Market Quality
Membership
Connectivity
Service & Support
Market Data
Products By Type
Including: Corporate Actions, Historical Data, Index Data, Master Files, Real-Time, Reference Data
Products By Asset Type
Including: Bonds, Derivatives, ETPs, Equities
Documentation
Market Data News
Market Data App
Web Services
Technology
Optiq
Resources
Calendars & Hours
Rules & Regulations
MiFID II
Reports & Statistics
Including: Statistics, Index Reports, Commodities Delivery Reports, Exchange Delivery Settlement Price (EDSP)
IT Documentation
Equity Derivatives Newsletter
Commodities Newsletter
Euronext Publications
Including: Notices, Info-Flashes, Corporate Actions
Listed Company Publications
Including: Company Press Releases, Annual Reports, Financial Calendars

 

 
 




 

 
 


 













 

 
 



FUCHS PETROLUB SE - PREF

Delayed Prices
Specification
Settlement Prices
Overview
Notices
Publication


 
Cash settled Stock Futures




                    Cash settled Stock Futures        


Unit of trading100 (Italian and UK Stock Futures 1,000)Delivery monthsNew delivery months are available for trading on the first business day after the expiry of a maturityQuotationEUR/CHF/GBX/NOK/SEK/DKK per shareMinimum price movement (tick size and value)Central Order Book & Large-in-Scale Facility: EUR/CHF/NOK/SEK/DKK 0.0001 (EUR/CHF/NOK/SEK/DKK 0.01 per contract, for Italian SSFs EUR 0.10 per contract); GBX 0.01 (GBX 10 per contract)Last trading dayTrading ceases at 17:40 CET on the third Friday of the delivery month. In the event that the third Friday is not a business day, the Last Trading Day shall normally be the last business day preceding the third Friday. For Italian Stock Futures trading ceases at 17:40 CET on the business day before the third Friday of the delivery month. In the event that this Thursday is not a business day, the Last Trading Day shall normally be the last business day preceding this Thursday.Exchange delivery Settlement Price (EDSP)The cash market closing price of the underlying stock on the Last Trading DayÚltima actualizaçãoThu, 02/03/2017Trading HoursCentral Order Book: 09:00 – 17:40 CETLarge-in-Scale Facility: 07:00 – 18:30 CETTrading platformUTPFull contract specification and related documentsCláusulas Contratuais Gerais do Contrato Denominado Single Stock futuresEuronext Wholesale FacilitiesAlgorithmCentral order book applies a price-time trading algorithm with priority given to the first order at the best priceWholesale serviceBasis Trading, Large-in-Scale Facility, AtomX.  See the “Euronext Wholesale Facilities” document for the minimum size thresholdsCompensaçãoLCH S.A.Expiry months1, 2, 3 monthly and 6, 9, 12 months quarterly (of the March, June, September, December cycle)LiquidaçãoCash settlement based on the EDSPSettlement dayFirst business day after the Last Trading DayContract SizeOne future normally equals rights over 100 underlying shares. For Stock Futures on Italian shares and UK shares this is 1,000 underlying shares.


This product may not be offered and sold to US persons



 
 
 
 





 

 
 


 




More on Stock Futures







Stock Futures Overview
 Contract List

 

 
 



Contract Info



Loading... Please wait. 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 






EnterNext



Enternext.biz
Belgium
France
Netherlands
Portugal
About Enternext
Enternext IPOs
 

 
 



Investors



Aex.nl
Beurs.be
Bolsadelisboa.com.pt
Bourse.be
Boursedeparis.fr
My Euronext
 

 
 



Solutions



Market Data
Realtime data
Historical Data
Corporate actions
Index data
Technology
Euronext Corporate Services
 

 
 



Resources



Calendars & Hours
IT-Documentation
Reports & Statistics
Rules and regulation
Cash notices
Derivatives notices
 

 
 








Disclaimer Footer



© 2017 Euronext
Condições de utilização
Política de utilização
 

 
 







