Goliath Film and Media Holdings: OTCMKTS:GFMH quotes & news - Google FinanceMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreDocsBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceGoliath Film and Media Holdings(OTCMKTS:GFMH)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Goliath Film and Media Holdings  (Public, OTCMKTS:GFMH)  
Watch this stock
 




















0.00450


0.00000
(0.00%)





Jul 12 - Close


OTCMKTS
data delayed by 15 mins -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

    -



52 week

0.00 - 0.01



Open

    -



Vol / Avg.

0.00/1,437.00



Mkt cap

785,810.00



P/E

3.41



Div/yield

    -



EPS

0.00



Shares

174.63M



Beta

2.32



Inst. own

    -
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Goliath Film and Media Holdings »

Subscribe






Advertisement


Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Jan '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-
19.69%

Operating margin
-
20.45%

EBITD margin
-
20.45%

Return on average assets
-16.92%
19.28%

Return on average equity
-19.42%
45.97%

Employees
3
-

CDP Score
-

-



More ratios from Thomson Reuters »

Address
640 S San Vicente BlvdLOS ANGELES, CA 90048-4654United States
- Map+1-213-5375730 (Phone)

Website links


http://www.goliathfilmandmediainter...

















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view





Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel









More from FactSet »










Description




Goliath Film and Media Holdings is engaged in the production and distribution of motion pictures and television content. The Company, through its subsidiaries, Goliath Film and Media International, and Goliath Movie Partners 1, LLC, develops, produces and licenses digital content for distribution. The Company focuses on markets of the feature motion picture and television content segments of the entertainment industry, including education, faith-based, horror and socially responsible minority content. The Company will develop screenplays that are outsourced to an independent entity for production and licensed for distribution through it. It will also produce content that is tied to working with a distributor. The Company focuses on producing content, and distributing domestically and internationally, through a range of distribution network, which includes international theatrical exhibitors, and other distributors and television networks.


More from Reuters »












Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service



10-Q: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,891
+60.81
+0.28%






Nasdaq

6,348
-26.55
-0.42%






S&P 500

2,470
-1.80
-0.07%









8:47 A.M. ET


Updated
      Flying in coach could be harmful to your health
                                





 
8:47 A.M. ET


                                  In Hollywood women are still seen and not heard
                                





 
8:45 A.M. ET


                                  Simon Property Group jumps as company raises guidance, ups dividend
                                





 
8:44 A.M. ET


                                  American Airlines' stock rallies after second upgrade in two days
                                





 
8:35 A.M. ET


Updated
      Consumer spending inches up 0.1% in June
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  2-year Treasury note yield up 0.4 basis point at 1.359%
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  10-year Treasury note yield up 0.8 basis point at 2.303%
                                





 
8:33 A.M. ET


                                  Treasury yields up slightly after PCE, other U.S. economic data
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  December gold 0.1% lower at $1,272.50/oz.
                                





 
8:32 A.M. ET


                                  Gold little changed after spending, income, inflation reports 
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  Nasdaq-100 futures up 0.3% at 5,898
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  Dow futures futures up 0.4% at 21,936
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  S&P 500 futures up 0.2% at 2,473
                                





 
8:31 A.M. ET


                                  U.S. stock future hold gains after personal income data
                                





 
8:30 A.M. ET


                                  U.S. dollar maintains modest gain after personal income and spending data
                                





 
8:30 A.M. ET
PCE rises 1.4%  in past 12 months; core 1.5%
 
8:30 A.M. ET
PCE inflation index flat in June, core up 0.1%
 
8:30 A.M. ET
U.S. savings rate dips to 3.8% from 3.9%
 
8:30 A.M. ET
U.S. personal income unchanged in June
 
8:30 A.M. ET
U.S. consumer spending increases 0.1% in June
 








































Log In















 


Until New York Markets Open

Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS
    








    By

Published: Feb 27, 2017 2:40 p.m. ET

Share






















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.  Forward Looking Statement Notice  Certain statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are "forward-looking statements" (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of Goliath Film and Media Holdings, ("we", "us", "our" or the "Company") to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The Company's plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Although the Company believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person that the objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved.  Description of Business  Background  The Company was incorporated in Nevada on February 16, 2010 under the name "China Advanced Technology" as the successor by merger to Vitalcare Diabetes Treatment Centers, Inc. ("Vitalcare"). In February and March 2010, Vitalcare underwent a holding company reorganization under Delaware law, pursuant to which it became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vitalcare Holding Corporation, and Vitalcare, together with its assets and liabilities, was sold to a non-affiliated third party. Vitalcare Holding Corporation subsequently reincorporated in Nevada by merger into China Advanced.  Vitalcare was in the business of administering medical clinics specializing in diabetes treatment. It was the successor to Network Financial Services, Inc. ("Network"), which went public in an underwritten offering in 1987. Network was engaged in mortgage origination, and changed its name to Westmark Group Holdings ("Westmark") in 1993 in connection with the acquisition of Westmark Mortgage from Primark Corporation. Westmark ceased operations at some time in 2006, and in 2006 ceased filing reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The corporate entity was thereafter known as Viking Consolidated, Inc. (2006), Tailor Aquaponics World Wide, Inc. (2007) and Diversified Acquisitions (2007) until it entered the medical clinic business in early 2008. The Company has no information regarding any business activities from 2006 after the mortgage origination business closed, to early 2008.  On October 25, 2011, Goliath Film and Media International, a California corporation, entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the "Exchange Agreement"), pursuant to which Goliath Film and Media International was acquired by China Advanced Technology. Prior to the acquisition, our principal operations consisted of internet marketing, and were conducted through a wholly owned subsidiary, Live Wise, Inc. Live Wise was disposed of on October 31, 2011 for cancellation of debt and shares described below. At the Closing Date, there were no assets or liabilities on China Advanced Technology's balance sheets.  The transaction closed on October 31, 2011 (the "Closing Date"). On the Closing Date China Advanced Technology acquired Goliath Film and Media International by issuing 47,000,000 shares of its Common Stock, constituting 70.1% of the outstanding shares after giving effect to their issuance and the cancellation of 15,619,816 shares held by China Advanced Technology's prior control person. Immediately following the Closing, 67,100,000 shares were issued and outstanding. On the Closing Date, the name of China Advanced Technology was changed to Goliath Film and Media Holdings. All share numbers herein have been adjusted for an eight-for-1 forward stock split affected as of the Closing Date. The forward stock split was reflected in the trading market on February 13, 2012.  Overview  Goliath Film and Media Holdings, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries Goliath Film and Media International and Goliath Movie Partners 1, LLC (collectively, "Goliath" or the "Company"), develops, produces and licenses for distribution, domestically and internationally, quality digital content with an emphasis on "niche" markets of the feature motion picture and television content segments of the entertainment industry, such as, without limitation, education, faith-based, horror and socially responsible minority content. Goliath does not intend to engage in domestic theatrical distribution of motion pictures to any significant extent.  In qualified cases, Goliath will develop screenplays that will be outsourced to an independent entity for production, but will be licensed for distribution through the Company. Also, in certain cases Goliath will produce content that is tied to working with an established distributor that provides an advance or minimum guarantee for the production of a project that will be licensed by the participating distributor. Goliath plans to produce content and to distribute domestically and internationally, through a wide distribution network which includes major international theatrical exhibitors, and other distributors and television networks. We plan to utilize corporate sponsorships as a means of reducing the costs of advertising and marketing in distribution. Further, we may augment our marketing efforts with a limited and strategically focused advertising campaign in traditional "print" media with press releases targeted specifically toward standard entertainment industry trade journals and publications on an "as needed" basis as well as the inclusion of targeted "social media" campaigns.  Goliath's revenue model includes receiving revenue from distribution fees. A limited number of its content properties include projects developed and produced by Goliath and those produced by an independent third party production entity.  Questions and Answers  What is your business?  We develop, produce and distribute motion pictures and digital content. At this time we do not intend to engage in theatrical releases of motion pictures, due to the high up- front costs of advertising and marketing theatrically. However, in some specific cases the company will consider theatrical releases based upon a "four wall, " limited release delivery that will be focused on targeted niche audiences.  Distribution Rights  The Company has the following distribution rights:  On March 9, 2015 Goliath signed a non-exclusive license to sell the feature length motion pictures: "Farewell", "Buddies" and "The Pit." The term is for one year expiring on March 9, 2016 with compensation to Goliath of 25% of gross proceeds from the sales of each of these films. No revenue has been recognized to date.  1. On October 22, 2014 Goliath entered into an agreement to distribute all foreign rights for the motion picture "Virus X," "Film" starring Sybil Danning with some of the key terms as follows:  2. Time frame (Term) - 18 months with ability to renew at same terms for another 18 months if agreed by both parties by end of the 18 month term. Term begins October 22, 2014. As of January 31, 2017 Goliath still is working on distribution of the film, "Virus X."  3. Markets - In all foreign media known and unknown  4. Compensation to Goliath- 15% of gross proceeds on all foreign territories. Said 15% (of 100%) is inclusive and includes, but not limited to, all payments, fees and reimbursements of any and all kinds made and/or incurred by Goliath through the exploitation of the Film. No revenue has been recognized to date.  5. Renewals - when the contract is renewed by a particular territory, Goliath will be the entity of record to effectuate the renewals, yet only after notification is made to and approved verbally or written by Empire Films.  On October 29, 2014, Goliath entered into a Distribution and Sales Agreement with EMILIO ROSO ("Producer") granting all domestic and foreign distribution rights, excluding digital streaming for the motion pictures "Day of Redemption," "On Borrowed Time" and "Tumbleweed," with some of the major terms as follows:  Time frame (Term) - 18 months. Term began October 29, 2014. Goliath is still is the process of distributing these films.  1. Markets - In all domestic and foreign media known and unknown and all domestic and foreign territories.  2. Compensation to Goliath - 25% of gross proceeds on all domestic and foreign territories, except digital streaming. Said 25% (of 100%) is inclusive and includes, but not limited to, all payments, fees and reimbursements of any and all kinds made and/or incurred by Goliath through the exploitation of the motion pictures. No revenue has been recognized to date.  On February 13, 2012 the Company announced that it has acquired the distribution rights to the following motion pictures: Seducing Spirits, The Perfect Argument, Marina Murders, Film Struggle, Divorce in America, A Wonderful Summer, The Truth About Layla, Living with Cancer, and The Biggest Fan. Under the distribution agreements, Goliath will receive 30% of the gross revenues for each picture it distributes. In general, the Company's distribution contracts cover both domestic and international licensing agreements; however, for the picture The Biggest Fan, the Company obtained limited distribution rights. No revenue has been recognized to date.  Production Agreements  On March 4, 2016, we signed a distribution agreement with Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC to distribute a feature length motion picture currently in post-production by us. Per the agreement, we will receive $125,000 in advance payments per an agreed delivery schedule for providing distribution rights on the motion picture "Bridal Bootcamp" a romantic comedy movie being produced by us to Mar Vista Entertainment LLC. Additionally, Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC will receive 35% of the gross proceeds for a period of 25 years on the motion picture. As of October 31, 2016, we have received $125,000 of the advance payments. Bridal Boot Camp was completed in October 2016 resulting in the recognition of the advance payments as revenue of $125,000 during the period. Mar Vista is looking to distribute this film.  On September 18, 2015, we signed a distribution agreement with Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC to distribute a feature length motion picture currently completed by us. Per the agreement, we will receive $125,000 in advance payments per an agreed delivery schedule for providing distribution rights on the motion picture "Merry Exes" a Christmas holiday movie being produced by us to Mar Vista Entertainment LLC. Additionally, Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC will receive 35% of the gross proceeds for a period of 25 years on the motion picture. As of July 31, 2016, we have received $125,000 of the advance payments. Merry Exes was completed June 6, 2016 resulting in the recognition of the advance payments as revenue of $125,000 during the period. Mar Vista is looking to distribute this film.  On May 20, 2015, we signed a distribution agreement with Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC to distribute a feature length motion picture currently completed by us and being licensed by Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC. Per the agreement, we will receive $175,000 in advance payments per an agreed delivery schedule for providing distribution rights on the motion picture "Terror Birds" a science fiction movie produced by us to Mar Vista Entertainment LLC. Additionally, Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC will receive 30% of the gross proceeds for a period of 25 years on the film. As of April 30, 2016, we have received $175,000 of the advance payments. Terror Birds was completed December 14, 2015 resulting in the recognition of the advance payments as revenue of $175,000 during the period. Mar Vista is looking to distribute this film.  On April 15, 2015 Goliath signed an agreement whereby the Company agreed to invest $15,000 to KKO Productions to produce a feature length motion picture known as "Forgiven". Per the agreement Goliath will receive 15% of adjusted gross proceeds after its initial investment has been entirely recouped through adjusted gross proceed. Additionally, the Company will receive two on screen credits as Executive Producer as well as receiving credit on all advertising, publicity and packaging of the motion picture. The investment of $15,000 presented in other assets on the balance sheet has not yet been repaid, due to the fact that no revenues will be generated until this motion picture's released.  What is the timeline for your activities during the next 12 months?  Over the next 90 days to one year, our efforts will be concentrated on developing and producing content with distributors for licensing by them of at least three projects.  What is this going to cost you?  We expect that producing the aforementioned content will cost approximately $150,000 per project, however licensing and distribution will be handled by an experienced distributor for a fee of anywhere from 30 - 35% and the costs of advertising and marketing will be handled by them and charged against gross distribution licensing proceeds.  Why are these motion pictures not being distributed already?  The motion pictures that are being produced by the Company and distributed by Mar Vista Entertainment, LLC take anywhere from six to nine months from completion of production and delivery to obtain licensing agreements.  Generically, the main reason why good, quality motion pictures are not distributed is that the production of a motion picture requires money and creativity, and marketing a motion picture requires an entirely different set of skills. Many people dream of making a movie; few aspire to distribute them. We estimate that there are in excess of 10,000 such motion pictures "gathering dust." There also have been and continue to be substantial tax incentives for motion picture production in many States and international Territories, so that many producers do not need to depend on successful marketing in order to find investors for their projects. A secondary factor is the difficulty of finding a reputable distributor. We think that our management has an excellent reputation in the industry and we will be able to obtain distribution rights for content. Finally, many distributors as well as buyers do not have an interest in niche market films, because they see the market as limited. Goliath sees the problem to be, rather, there is no market merely because no one has assembled a critical mass of films for these niches. Most participants in the motion picture industry are based in "Hollywood" and the major coastal metropolitan areas. Our "faith-based" films especially are targeted toward the "Bible Belt" and the "Flyover Country": places that the industry has consistently overlooked.  Why are you able to identify and acquire these motion pictures and educational videos?  After attending all the major content acquisition markets around the world over the last three years, our Staff has developed relationships with numerous quality filmmakers who need assistance in marketing and distributing their product. Goliath has also developed vital relationships with many of the major content distributors and networks. Many of the filmmakers have requested the Company's assistance in marketing and distributing their product. Goliath will continue to pursue the marketing and distribution of product that is demanded in the marketplace and desired by major aggregators, distributors, networks and studios.  So how are you different than Amazon, Netflix, Blockbuster and Hulu, to name a few? How can you compete with them? They have a lot of money and name recognition. Why wouldn't they jump into your niches?  As a content provider we are not competing with these entities but rather are working on providing them with quality content. As an example, NETFLIX has such a high demand for programming content, they are spending $5 billion this year for the acquisition of completed programming as well as for the development of original content by them. Therefore, as is mentioned, part of their resources are directed toward acquiring content and part is targeting in-house" and joint venture production of quality content. This content will be targeted to their subscription base on a domestic and international level.  There are a number of quality content producers that work with the major networks and content distributors, Goliath is moving toward becoming one of these content providers. We believe there exists significant opportunities for our company in that the demand for programming is increasing almost exponentially. Irrespective of the platform for viewing by the consumer/subscriber, the demand for quality content is continuing to expand. As an example there are currently, approximately 416 original scripted programs being aired in the entire television universe - a cancellation rate of 10% reflects a number that represents the entire programming universe in the late 1990's and early 2000's.. The upward trend is ongoing, which is where we see an opportunity for Goliath to provide product to reach many components of the overall market.  Don't cable and satellite networks already offer specialty channels like TBN (for faith based) and BET (Black Entertainment Television (for the African-American Community)?  As mentioned above about NETFLIX, even though these channels maybe in niche markets they must expand the type, genre and format of the content that they are showing in order to remain viable, therefore the opportunity to assist them by providing quality programming is ongoing and expanding..  What other niches are you looking at entering?  We believe that there is an increasing and ongoing trend in home entertainment in servicing niches. Many viewers have cable or satellite service with hundreds of channels, but view only a few channels that cater to their particular interests. One significant type of niche we are targeting are the numerous immigrant groups in the United States. Other than Spanish speaking immigrants, coverage is scarce. The last official data (2004) from the US Census Bureau is that 34.2 million persons in the US are foreign born, with 54% from Latin America, 25% from Asia and 14% from Europe. Foreign-born immigrants like to watch movies from their home countries.  There are many interest groups that might be interested in specialty movies or programming. As an example in Hawaii and Southern California, for instance, Surfing is quite popular, and there exists a huge body of surfing films which would be of interest.  What about ancillary markets?  We plan to incorporate advertising and marketing through social media and traditional outlets to the highest degree possible.  What films do you have now in inventory?  We presently have acquired the distribution rights to the following motion pictures: , Seducing Spirits, The Perfect Argument, Marina Murders, Film Struggle, Divorce in America, A Wonderful Summer, The Truth About Layla, Living with Cancer, The Biggest Fan, Days of Redemption, On Borrowed Time, Tumbleweed, Virus X, Farewell, Buddies, and The Pit. Under the distribution agreements Goliath will receive 30% of the gross revenues for each of the pictures we distribute. In general, our distribution contracts cover both domestic and international licensing agreements; however, for the picture The Biggest Fan we obtained limited distribution rights.  How do these distribution rights work?  We enter into a Distribution Agreement for each motion picture. Terms may be perpetual or limited by years. The motion pictures that we are acquiring with the proceeds of this offering will have a term of five years. We will generally obtain a fee of 20% to 30% of gross revenues. Licensing will be flexible for usage applications on a yearly or multi-year basis. Most markets, especially foreign territories have a tendency to continuously renew content licensing.  How many employees do you have? Do you have an office?  We have just 3 employees and we believe that is sufficient during the development, production and "content aggregation" phase of our development. Our administrative office is in Marina del Rey, California.  Do you have a website?  Our website is www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com. We have a mirror site at www.goliathfilmandmedia.com.  Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  The SEC has defined a company's critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the Company's financial condition and results of operations and which require the Company to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting policies that are significant to understanding our results. For additional information, see Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.  The following are deemed to be the most significant accounting policies affecting the Company.  Principles of Consolidation  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions are eliminated on consolidation.  Basis of Presentation  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Management further acknowledges that it is solely responsible for adopting sound accounting practices, establishing and maintaining a system of internal accounting control and preventing and detecting fraud. The Company's system of internal accounting control is designed to assure, among other items, that (1) recorded transactions are valid; (2) all valid transactions are recorded and (3) transactions are recorded in the period in a timely manner to produce financial statements which present fairly the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the company for the respective periods being presented.  Use of Estimates  The preparation of financial statements in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. A change in managements' estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on the Company's financial condition and results of operations during the period in which such changes occurred. The more significant estimates and assumptions by management include among others: Estimated revenue of films. The current economic environment has increased the degree of uncertainty inherent in these estimates and assumptions.  Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company's financial statements reflect all adjustments that management believes are necessary for the fair presentation of their financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented.  Revenue Recognition  We recognize revenues in accordance with ASC 926-605, "Entertainment Films, Revenue Recognition".  Under ASC 926-605, five conditions must be met before revenue can be recognized:  The Company recognizes revenue when the distributor confirms to the Company that the film has been delivered to the distributor with all technical and document deliveries received, waived or deferred and the film has been entered into the distributor's rights system.  Accounts Receivable  Accounts receivable, if any are carried at the expected net realizable value. The allowance for doubtful accounts, when determined, will be based on management's assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts and the aging of the accounts receivables. If there were a deterioration of a major customer's creditworthiness, or actual defaults were higher than historical experience, our estimates of the recoverability of the amounts due to us could be overstated, which could have a negative impact on operations.  The Company currently does not have any accounts receivable. The above accounting policies will be adopted upon the Company carrying accounts receivable.  Intangible Assets  The Company's intangible assets consist of intellectual property, principally motion pictures. The Company periodically reviews its long lived assets to ensure that their carrying value does not exceed their fair market value. There was no amortization expense or impairment for the three and six months ended October 31, 2016 and 2015.  Income Taxes  We account for income taxes under the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") No. 740, Income Taxes ("ASC 740"). Under ASC 740, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.  Stock Compensation  In accordance with ASC No. 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation ("ASC 718"), we measure the compensation costs of share-based compensation arrangements based on the grant-date fair value and recognize the costs in the financial statements over the period during which employees are required to provide services. Share-based compensation arrangements include stock options, restricted share plans, performance-based awards, share appreciation rights and employee share purchase plans. As such, compensation cost is measured on the date of grant at their fair value. Such compensation amounts, if any, are amortized over the respective vesting periods of the option grant. We apply this statement prospectively. Equity instruments ("instruments") issued to other than employees are recorded on the basis of the fair value of the instruments, as required by ASC 718. ASC No. 505, Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees ("ASC 505") defines the measurement date and recognition period for such instruments. In general, the measurement date is (a) when a performance commitment, as defined, is reached or (b) when the earlier of (i) the non-employee performance is complete . . .  Feb 27, 2017  (c) 1995-2017 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


There could be one big reason why some singletons have trouble landing a date


Wall Street isn’t ready for a 1,100-point tumble in the Dow industrials


How to turn $60 into $40,000: Invest in a poker player and get lucky















Most Popular





Elon Musk admits to ‘unrelenting stress,’ says he may be bipolar





Dow set for all-time high at the open, with Apple quarterly results on deck





Are Gates and Bezos really the richest men in the world? Nyet, says one fund manager





Avi Gilburt: I expect a ‘healthy’ decline in stocks to begin soon





Before NASA can send humans to Mars, it needs to solve these problems




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 




















Goliath Film and Media Holdings (GFMH.PK)  Quote| Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Goliath Film and Media Holdings (GFMH.PK)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataEntertainment Production












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        










				GFMH.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.00USD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.00


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

112,289




52-wk High

$0.01


52-wk Low

$0.00










GFMH.PK








					About


		Goliath Film and Media Holdings is engaged in the production and distribution of motion pictures and television content. The Company, through its subsidiaries, Goliath Film and Media International, and Goliath Movie Partners 1, LLC, develops, produces and licenses digital content for distribution. The Company focuses on markets... (more)





					Buy/Sell



No analyst recommendations are available for GFMH.PK.

» Analyst Consensus





					Overall





Beta:
-0.43


Market Cap(Mil.):
$0.79


Shares Outstanding(Mil.):
174.63


Dividend:
--


Yield (%):
--








					Financials





 
GFMH.PK
Industry
Sector


P/E (TTM):

				3.41

				67.64

				19.44


EPS (TTM):

				0.00

				--

				--


ROI:

				63.80

				-1.48

				10.95


ROE:

				126.41

				-0.92

				13.54












					Latest News about GFMH.PK




» More GFMH.PK News











 Earnings vs.  Estimates


		No consensus analysis data available.

















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataEntertainment Production









































 



 Goliath Film and Media Holdings Announces Acquisition of Distribution Rights to Educational Film 
         










    










 






 











 









Goliath Film and Media Holdings Announces Acquisition of Distribution Rights to Educational Film Library

Apr 11, 2012, 09:00 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Goliath Film and Media Holdings 











 
















































 

 




















 


LOS ANGELES, April 11, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Goliath Film and Media Holdings  (OTC Bulletin Board:   GFMH) announces that it has acquired the worldwide, five year distribution rights to approximately 1500 educational films. These include English as a Second Language and mathematics instructional materials, among others. The films can be used on a stand-alone basis as an online instructional course, or as an adjunct to traditional instructional classes. 
According to the US Department of Education, there are 5.4 million limited English proficient (LEP) students in the US, with one in four students expected to be LEP students by 2025. The No Child Left Behind Act, Title III, provides for supplemental Federal funding of LEP programs for local school districts. Federal funding of English learner programs in the 2011 Federal budget was over $700 million. School districts are also faced with shrinking financial resources to duplicate Goliath's unique instructional library; Goliath believes that its educational library, which has already met LAUSD standards, will be very attractive with school districts seeking to improve their LEP curriculum on a cost effective basis.    
Goliath intends to distribute these films as well to the huge English as a Second Language educational industry abroad, and also to offer them on a streaming basis under subscription in selected markets. Estimates of the number of persons worldwide learning English range from 300 million on up, with English ability becoming an employment prerequisite throughout Asia. Goliath will be actively marketing these films throughout the world in 2012. 
This acquisition is the first step in Goliath's building its film and media library. Over the next 90 days, Goliath intends to acquire additional educational films and to add hundreds of titles to its film libraries in the niche markets of faith-based, responsible minority content, and horror, for worldwide distribution. 
Also, on April 10, 2012, the Chief Executive Officer of Goliath, Lamont Roberts, was interviewed by Stock Traders Talk Radio. The audio transcript of the interview can be found at http://stocktraderstalk.com/stt-radio-gfmh-ceo-interview-04102012-0.   
About Goliath Film and Media
Goliath Film and Media Holdings ("Goliath"), through its wholly-owned subsidiary Goliath Film and Media International, intends to develop and distribute film content with an emphasis on "niche" markets of the entertainment industry, such as, without limitation, education, horror, faith-based, and socially responsible minority content.  Goliath will specialize in licensing quality films. Goliath also intends to develop screenplays with the intent of outsourcing the production, and locking in the distribution rights to the films produced through the Company's development efforts. Goliath plans to license films domestically and internationally, through a wide distribution network to include major exhibitors, distributors and television networks. Our website is www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com.
Safe Harbor                           
This News Release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove correct. 
 SOURCE  Goliath Film and Media Holdings  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Apr 23, 2012, 18:29 ET
Preview: Goliath Film and Media Holdings announces information about its film property Marina Murders













Apr 10, 2012, 09:00 ET
Preview: Goliath Film and Media Holdings Executive, Lamont Roberts, Exclusive Interview on Stock Traders Talk Radio






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 







Goliath Film and Media Holdings, GFMH:PKC summary - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


Goliath Film and Media HoldingsGFMH:PKCSelect symbolUnited StatesGFMH:PKCOTC Pink - Current InformationGoliath Film and Media HoldingsActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertFinancialsFinancial ServicesPrice (USD)0.0045Today's Change0.00 / 0.00%Shares traded0.001 Year change-4.26%Beta-0.4312Data delayed at least 15 minutes.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.







1D3D1W1M6M1Y3Y5YCompar ApplyCancelComparisonsMake up to three selections, then save.0 of 3 selected0 of 3 selectedSuggested ComparisonsEarthworks EntertainmentVideolocity International, Inc.Image Metrics, Inc.Sycamore Entertainment Group IncChina Media, Inc.Mass Hysteria Entertainment Company IncGreen Hygienics Holdings IncSaveClearKey statistics52-week rangeToday0.0019Dec 01 20160.0085Mar 24 2017Markit short selling activityLowMedHighOpen0.00High--Low--Bid--Offer--Previous close0.0045Average volume0.00Shares outstanding174.63mFree float45.27mP/E (TTM)3.41Market cap785.81k USDEPS (TTM)0.0013  USDData delayed at least 15 minutes.More ▼ 
About the companyGoliath Film and Media Holdings is engaged in the production and distribution of motion pictures and television content. The Company, through its subsidiaries, Goliath Film and Media International, and Goliath Movie Partners 1, LLC, develops, produces and licenses digital content for distribution. The Company focuses on markets of the feature motion picture and television content segments of the entertainment industry, including education, faith-based, horror and socially responsible minority content. The Company will develop screenplays that are outsourced to an independent entity for production and licensed for distribution through it. It will also produce content that is tied to working with a distributor. The Company focuses on producing content, and distributing domestically and internationally, through a range of distribution network, which includes international theatrical exhibitors, and other distributors and television networks.FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.
Markit Short Selling Activity © Markit. All rights reserved.Although Markit has made every effort to ensure this data is correct, nevertheless no guarantee is given to the accuracy or completeness. Any opinions or estimates expressed herein are those of Markit on the date of preparation and are subject to change without notice; however no such opinions or estimates constitute legal, investment or other advice. You must therefore seek independent legal, investment or other appropriate advice from a suitably qualified and/or authorised and regulated advisor prior to making any legal, investment or other decision. This is intended for information purposes only and is not intended as an offer or recommendation to buy, sell or otherwise deal in securities.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 

  GFMHE Stock Quote - Goliath Film & Media Holdings - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Goliath Film & Media Holdings   GFMHE:US      Ticker Change   GFMHE:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.06%     Industry Media   % Price Change +1.02%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Goliath Film and Media Holdings develops, produces and distributes feature-length motion pictures.  The Company distributes films that include strong minorities and cater to educational, faith-based and other niche markets, produces low budget films that capitalize on new technologies, and distributes independent films.    Address  4640 Admiralty WaySuite 500Marina Del Rey, CA 90292United States   Phone  1-909-612-1708   Website   www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com     Executives Board Members    Lamont Roberts  Chief Executive Officer    Mike Criscione  COO/Director:Marketing    John Ballard  Chief Financial Officer     Show More         


MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Energy and Power


Ice


Markets


Production


Gas Prices


Russia




Venezuela


Oil


U.S. Politics


U.S. Dollar


Europe


European Markets




Chemicals


Coffee


Currency


Interest Rates


iPhone


Nasdaq Composite Index






People in the news



Trump, Donald


Donovan, Paul


Madden, Steven


Washington, George


David, George


George, David




Musk, Elon


Gates, Bill


Putin, Vladimir


Buffett, Warren


Bono


King, John




Gray, John


Blankfein, Lloyd


Murphy, Michael


Obama, Barack


Jobs, Steve


Lauder, Estee






Companies in the news



West


International Monetary Fund


Performance


Metal Exchange


American Manufacturing


Apple Inc.




Facebook


Jones


Allstate Corp.


Bank of America Corp.


Chevron Corp.


Dow Jones & Co.




News Corp.


Pfizer Inc.


Southern Co.


Xerox Corp.


United Health Services


Travel






Organizations in the news



European Union


OPEC


European Central Bank


Nasdaq Stock Market


American Medical Association


George Washington University




New York University


United Nations


University of Washington


Washington University


Congress


Gazprom




Senate


General Assembly


Treasury Department


London Stock Exchange


Food and Drug Administration


Education Department












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




8:58 AM EDT
August 1, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:47aIn Hollywood women are still seen and not heard
8:47aFlying in coach could be harmful to your health
8:46aSimon Property Group jumps as company raises guidance, ups dividend
8:45aAmerican Airlines' stock rallies after second upgrade in two days
8:35aConsumer spending inches up 0.1% in June
8:34a2-year Treasury note yield up 0.4 basis point at 1.359%
8:34a10-year Treasury note yield up 0.8 basis point at 2.303%
8:33aTreasury yields up slightly after PCE, other U.S. economic data
8:32aGold little changed after spending, income, inflation reports 
8:32aDecember gold 0.1% lower at $1,272.50/oz.
8:31aS&P 500 futures up 0.2% at 2,473
8:31aU.S. stock future hold gains after personal income data
8:31aNasdaq-100 futures up 0.3% at 5,898
8:31aDow futures futures up 0.4% at 21,936
8:31aU.S. dollar maintains modest gain after personal income and spending data
8:30aU.S. personal income unchanged in June
8:30aU.S. consumer spending increases 0.1% in June
8:30aU.S. savings rate dips to 3.8% from 3.9%
8:30aPCE rises 1.4%  in past 12 months; core 1.5%
8:30aPCE inflation index flat in June, core up 0.1%
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,891.12

+60.81
+0.28%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,348.12

-26.55
-0.42%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.30

-1.80
-0.07%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





































































 



 Goliath Film and Media Holdings Releases Details Regarding Seducing Spirits 
         










    










 






 











 









Goliath Film and Media Holdings Releases Details Regarding Seducing Spirits

Mar 06, 2012, 19:10 ET
		  		  						
						 from   Goliath Film and Media Holdings 











 
















































 

 




















 


Goliath Film and Media
Goliath Film and Media Holdings ("Goliath"), through its wholly-owned subsidiary Goliath Film and Media International, intends to develop and distribute film content with an emphasis on  "niche" markets of the entertainment industry, such as, without limitation, education, horror, faith-based, and socially responsible minority content.  Goliath will specialize in developing and licensing quality films for distribution. Goliath also intends to develop screenplays with the intent of outsourcing the production, and locking in the distribution of the films developed. Goliath plans to license films domestically and internationally, through a wide distribution network to include major exhibitors, distributors and television networks. Our website is www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com.
Safe Harbor                           
This News Release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, it can give no assurance that such expectations will prove correct. 

 
 
 
 
 
 SOURCE  Goliath Film and Media Holdings  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.goliathfilmandmediainternational.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 08, 2012, 20:26 ET
Preview: Goliath Film and Media Holdings Releases Details Regarding The Perfect Argument.













Feb 13, 2012, 16:38 ET
Preview: Goliath Film and Media Holdings Announces the Distribution Rights to Nine Motion Pictures






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 








Goliath Film and Media Holdings - Film Bor







































Toggle navigation






Home
Trailers
Sinopsis
Plot
Forum
Years

2015 Films
2016 Films
2017 Films
2018 Films
2019 Films
2020 Films















Home » Goliath Film and Media Holdings 



 Goliath Film and Media Holdings








Bridal Boot Camp









Merry Exes









Terror Birds











Recent Post








Whispering Corridors









Trouble Every Day









Mulholland Drive









Dorothy and the Witches of Oz









Rings









Open Season 2









Optatissimus









Green Street Hooligans









Microbe et Gasoil









Tucker and Dale vs Evil









Son Of Saul









Unreachable by Conventional Means









This Shining City









One 2 Ka 4









8 Hari Menaklukan Cowo









The Romantics









Arachnophobia









A Band Called Death


















Film
Coming Soon
Trailer
Plot
Sinopsis
New
Privacy Policy
Contact Us


2015 Films
2016 Films
2017 Films
2018 Films
2019 Films
2020 Films












Goliath Film & Media Holdings 4640 Admiralty Way Marina Del Rey, CA Audio-Visual Production Service - MapQuest







































































































    Goliath Film & Media Holdings
  

4640 Admiralty Way

Marina Del Rey
CA
90292




 Reviews



(909) 612-1708
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help

























    GFMH Key Statistics - Goliath Film & Media Holdings Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Goliath Film & Media Holdings

                  OTC: GFMH
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Goliath Film & Media Holdings



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 12, 2017, 5:20 p.m.


GFMH

/quotes/zigman/13673575/delayed


$
0.0045




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 48
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/13673575/delayed
Previous close

$
			0.0045
		


$
				0.0045
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
n/a
n/a


52 week low
52 week high

            $0.0019
        

            $0.0085
        

















			Company Description 


			Goliath Film & Media Holdings is a development stage company which plans to engage in developing and licensing distribution of video content of film and television content. It operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary Goliath Film and Media International. The company was founded on February 16, 2...
		


                Goliath Film & Media Holdings is a development stage company which plans to engage in developing and licensing distribution of video content of film and television content. It operates through its wholly-owned subsidiary Goliath Film and Media International. The company was founded on February 16, 2010 and is headquartered in Marina del Rey, CA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
29.35


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
5.78


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
17.50


Price to Sales Ratio
2.96


Price to Book Ratio
2.94


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
4.32


Enterprise Value to Sales
2.94


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.04

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
58,333.00


Income Per Employee
11,487.00


Total Asset Turnover
0.98

Liquidity

Current Ratio
0.38


Quick Ratio
0.38


Cash Ratio
0.37



Profitability

Gross Margin
52.53


Operating Margin
20.45


Pretax Margin
20.45


Net Margin
19.69


Return on Assets
19.28


Return on Equity
45.97


Return on Total Capital
40.35


Return on Invested Capital
45.97

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
11.08


Total Debt to Total Capital
9.98


Total Debt to Total Assets
5.86





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Michael  Criscione 
64
2014
Director





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/gfmh

      MarketWatch News on GFMH
    
No News currently available for GFMH





/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/gfmh

      Other News on GFMH
    




 10-Q: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS
11:05 a.m. March 17, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS
3:40 p.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-Q: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS
3:10 p.m. Feb. 16, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




 10-K: GOLIATH FILM & MEDIA HOLDINGS
9:33 a.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)














At a Glance

Goliath Film & Media Holdings
4640 Admiralty Way
Suite 500

Marina del Rey, California 90292




Phone
1 3107958302


Industry
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


Sector
Media/Entertainment


Fiscal Year-end
04/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$175,000


Net Income
$34,460


Employees

        3.00


Annual Report for GFMH











/news/pressrelease/company/us/gfmh

      Press Releases on GFMH
    
No News currently available for GFMH







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:58 AM EDT
August 1, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:47aIn Hollywood women are still seen and not heard
8:47aFlying in coach could be harmful to your health
8:46aSimon Property Group jumps as company raises guidance, ups dividend
8:45aAmerican Airlines' stock rallies after second upgrade in two days
8:35aConsumer spending inches up 0.1% in June
8:34a2-year Treasury note yield up 0.4 basis point at 1.359%
8:34a10-year Treasury note yield up 0.8 basis point at 2.303%
8:33aTreasury yields up slightly after PCE, other U.S. economic data
8:32aGold little changed after spending, income, inflation reports 
8:32aDecember gold 0.1% lower at $1,272.50/oz.
8:31aS&P 500 futures up 0.2% at 2,473
8:31aU.S. stock future hold gains after personal income data
8:31aNasdaq-100 futures up 0.3% at 5,898
8:31aDow futures futures up 0.4% at 21,936
8:31aU.S. dollar maintains modest gain after personal income and spending data
8:30aU.S. personal income unchanged in June
8:30aU.S. consumer spending increases 0.1% in June
8:30aU.S. savings rate dips to 3.8% from 3.9%
8:30aPCE rises 1.4%  in past 12 months; core 1.5%
8:30aPCE inflation index flat in June, core up 0.1%
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,891.12

+60.81
+0.28%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,348.12

-26.55
-0.42%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.30

-1.80
-0.07%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15























































