










Market activites - Grupa LOTOS S.A.























LOTOS
















Market activites





This is LOTOS 
Activity

#EnergiaDlaPolski ENG
#EnergiaDlaPolski RUS



LOTOS Group


Glossary


Sponsor of the Polish National Team











1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8





LOTOS

This is LOTOS

Activity

Market activites






The commercial activity of the LOTOS Group is carried out both in the parent company and in the subsidiaries, i.e. LOTOS Paliwa, LOTOS Tank, LOTOS Oil, LOTOS Asfalt and LOTOS Parafiny.
The main aims within the market activities result from the long-term strategy of Grupa LOTOS in this area. The important factors that determine the commercial segment of the LOTOS Group include the regular analysis of changes that take place on the market, care for the comprehensive and constantly extended range of products of top quality as well as continuous improvement of trading processes.
 
Strategic aims of the LOTOS Group within its market activities include:

maximising the integrated margin of the Group,
trading products of the highest quality parameters,
diversification of directions and sources of oil supplies, and
streamlining logistic assets.

 

The growing demands of customers pose new challenges for the Company. A wide portfolio of top quality products, which fulfil all the requirements the customers, is the advantage of Grupa LOTOS and strengthens its market position.

 
The objectives in specific areas of the market activities are as follows:
Fuels

further and permanent strengthening of the market position,
maximising the economic effect with flexible control of the product stream,
achieving a 30% share in the Polish fuel market in 2012,
developing aviation fuel sales in Poland, and
increasing activity in Central, Eastern and Northern Europe. 

Retail market

obtaining a 10% share in the domestic fuel retail market in 2012,
raising the efficiency of the fuel stations network, and
strengthening the image of a modern and developing network of LOTOS fuel stations. 

The LOTOS fuel stations network covers all of Poland and is being developed systematically in the premium segment, i.e. the stations of top standards both in terms of their offer and the level of services. Within the adopted strategy of positioning of the LOTOS brand, the franchise type stations that offer a basic standard and still operate under the banner of the Gdańsk refinery belong to the channel that is being reduced. The aim is to achieve complete quality and image consolidation under the well-known and widely recognised brand of LOTOS.
Non-fuel products

maximising the economic effect by using the present market position and increasing the efficiency of sales,
maintaining the position as the leader on the domestic market of lubricating oils,
raising the share of oil services in sales,
maintaining the leading position on the Polish market of modified bitumen, and
a strong position on the market of Central and Eastern Europe. 

Commercial segment:  



LOTOS Paliwa 
wholesale and retail sale of fuels, light fuel oil, management of the LOTOS petrol station chain  


 LOTOS Oil 
 production and sale of lubricating oils and lubricants, domestic sale of base ils and plasticizers


 LOTOS Asfalt 
 production and sale of bitumen and heavy fuel oil 



 LOTOS Parafiny

 sale and production of paraffin mass


 LOTOS Kolej 
 railway transport


 UAB Lotos Baltija 
 wholesale and retail sale of lubricating oils e.g. in Lithuania and Byelorus


LOTOS – Air BP Polska
 wholesale of liquid and gas fuels and derivative products





PDF version
Print
Back to top 
















Grupa LOTOS S.A. selects Axens technology for coker naphtha hydro | Market Report Company - analytics, Prices, polyethylene, polypropylene, polyvinylchloride, polystyrene, Russia, Ukraine, Europe, Asia, reports





































NewsPublicationsMethodologyProductsAbout UsContacts


 
Log in
Analytics of polymer market













London
+4420 814 42225


Moscow
+7495 543 9194


Kiev
+38044 599 2950


info@mrcplast.com













Spot and contract prices for the polymer industry in the CIS countriesPolymer prices in five countries:Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan 



 Logout












Home



Price reports



Annual reports



ScanPlast



Datascope



EquiPlast



Price forecasting



Company Profile



Special Reports



PlastGuide



Cooperation ICIS-MRC






Our Clients























Order Informer



 

                            








Home >
News >






 







Grupa LOTOS S.A. selects Axens technology for coker naphtha hydro





November 19/2013












MOSCOW (MRC) -- The Polish company 
Grupa LOTOS S.A. has selected Axens to provide the technology license for a new 
Coker Naphtha Hydrotreater at its Gdansk refinery, said Plastemart.This 
contract is part of the Gdansk refinery development and modernization program 
based on heavy residue coking technology. The two-step Coker Naphtha 
Hydrotreating Unit, with a capacity of 152,000 tpa, is being designed to produce 
naphtha quality for petrochemical use. "Axens’ technology turned out to 
be the best one among those evaluated. This technology which meets our 
objectives is both simple and energy efficient" said Grzegorz Zgoda, Project 
Manager in Grupa LOTOS S.A. Axens has extensive experience in the diolefin 
hydrogenation and hydrodesulfurization of cracked naphtha (FCC, Coker, 
Visbreaker, Steam-Cracker). Drawing on this large expertise, Axens offers a very 
efficient and commercially proven process with a choice of specific catalysts 
and operating conditions to ensure meeting the product specifications while 
maximizing the catalyst cycle length.As MRC wrote previously, 
Poland's state-controlled refiner Grupa LOTOS along with chemical producer 
Zaklady Azotowe Tarnow will construct a petrochemical plant in the country. The 
project will cost 5-6 billion zlotys (USD1.6-1.9 billion) and its construction 
is scheduled to begin in 2014 or 2015. The plant should be ready by 2018. The 
new plant would be adjacent to the Gdansk-based Lotos refinery and would use its 
products.Grupa LOTOS is one of the largest companies in Poland. It is an 
oil company operating both in Poland and abroad, whose business consists in the 
extraction and processing of crude oil, as well as wholesale and retail sale of 
high-quality petroleum products. Apart from Grupa LOTOS, which manages the 
refinery in Gdansk, the LOTOS Group currently comprises 15 other companies 
operating under the LOTOS name. One of them is based in Lithuania and another 
one in Norway.


mrcplast.com





Author:Anna Larionova


Tags:oil, neftehimiya, Lotos, Poland.


Category:General News


















|





|
More











Leave a comment




Name:

Comment:










MRC help










here






















 










01.08.2017:  PE imports to Kazakhstan up by 28% in Q1 2017
01.08.2017:  PVC imports to Kazakhstan grew by 10% in H1 2017
01.08.2017:  HDPE prices stopped falling in Russia in July
01.08.2017:  Lotte Chemical Titan Holding completes mass production trial of MLLDPE
01.08.2017:  Shell suspends Pernis refinery loadings after fire
01.08.2017:  Linde inks agreement with Wanhua Chemical Group to expand the supply of gas to Phase II of Yantai operations
01.08.2017:  Mitsui Chem & Prime Polymer start up three expanded PP compound hubs
01.08.2017:  Saudi Aramco to complete phase 1 of expanded gas pipeline by year end
01.08.2017:  Amarinth delivers vertical sump pumps for ADNOC JV petchem plant in Abu Dhabi
01.08.2017:  Repsol selects Axens new generation of hydrocracking catalysts
31.07.2017:  Chevron Phillips chemicals selects Audubon for main contractor framework agreement
31.07.2017:  APS Elastomers launches new TPU for pneumatic tubing
31.07.2017:  China unveils plans to expand, upgrade oil and gas pipelines
31.07.2017:  SK Innovation sees favorable refining margins in H2
31.07.2017:  WR Grace licenses process technology to Canada Kuwait Petrochemical
31.07.2017:  EU must retaliate if hurt by US sanctions on Russia
31.07.2017:  Celanese Corporation declares quarterly dividend
31.07.2017:  AkzoNobel and Itaconix finalize bio-based polymer application agreement
31.07.2017:  BP mulling IPO of US Midwest and Gulf Coast pipeline assets
31.07.2017:  China May oil output lowest on record; refiners churn out more





 All News   News subscribe











All NewsSite MapAdvertisementTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions for Freelance Developers




Market reports 
MonitoringAnnual ReportsPrice ReportsScanPlastDataScopePrice ForecastCompany ProfileSpecial Reports




Polyethylene
HDPELDPELLDPEEVA


Polypropylene
PP-homoPP-impactPP-random


PVC
PVC-SPVC-ESoft compoundRigid compound


Polystyrene
HIPSGPPSEPSABSSAN



MonomersStyreneEthylenePropyleneChlorineCaustic



Processing technology
Injection moldingFilm extrusionExtrusion Blow MoldingProfile extrusionPipe extrusionCable extrusionSheet extrusionFoamingFibers and filaments



© Copyright 2008-2017. All right reserved.
















	Market Report: Grupa Lotos S.A. (LTS) - Oil & Gas - Deals and Alliances Profile

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Grupa Lotos S.A. (LTS) - Oil & Gas - Deals and Alliances Profile

     
                        Aug 16, 2016 - GlobalData 
                    
                - 60 pages 
                - USD $250 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Request Details


Related







Grupa LOTOS S.A. (Grupa LOTOS) is an integrated energy company. The company specializes in the extraction and refining of crude oil, processing of petroleum into finished products, and the wholesale and retail distribution and sale of petroleum products. It is one of the largest Polish companies from the industrial, service and fuel sectors. The company offers products such as lead-free petrol, diesel oil, heating oil, aviation fuel, lubricating oil, asphalt and gases. Grupa LOTOS also operates a chain of petrol stations under the LOTOS brand. In addition, the company offers railway and sea transportation services. It has operations in Norway, Lithuania, Central Europe and the Baltic Sea regions among others. The company is headquartered at Gdansk, Poland.Grupa Lotos S.A. (LTS) - Oil & Gas - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed information on Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnership transactions recorded by the company over a five year period. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals and their value categorized into deal types, sub-sector and regions.GlobalData derived the data presented in this report from proprietary in-house Oil & Gas eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research.ScopeFinancial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships.Deals by Year - Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and value reported by the company by year, for a five year period.Deals by Type - Chart and table depicting information including the number of deals and value reported by the company by type such as Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offering etc.Deals by Region - Chart and table presenting information on the number of deals and value reported by the company by region, which includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa and South and Central America.Deals by Sub-sector - Chart and table showing information on the number of deals and value reported by the company, by sub-sector.Major Deals - Information on the company's major financial deals. Each such deal has a brief summary, deal type, deal rationale; and deal financials and target Company's (major public companies) key financial metrics and ratios.Business Description - A brief description of the company's operations.Key Employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Important Locations and Subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key centers of operation and subsidiaries of the company.Key Competitors - A list of the key competitors of the company.Key Recent Developments - A brief on recent news about the company.Reasons to BuyGet detailed information on the company's financial deals that enable you to understand the company's expansion/divestiture and fund requirementsThe profile enables you to analyze the company's financial deals by region, by year, by business segments and by type, for a five year period.Understand the company's business segments' expansion / divestiture strategyThe profile presents deals from the company's core business segments' perspective to help you understand its corporate strategy.Access elaborate information on the company's recent financial deals that enable you to understand the key deals which have shaped the companyDetailed information on major recent deals includes a summary of each deal, deal type, deal rationale, deal financials and Target Company's key financial metrics and ratios.Equip yourself with detailed information about the company's operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company's business structure, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and key competitors.Stay up-to-date on the major developments affecting the companyRecent developments concerning the company presented in the profile help you track important events.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business researchKey elements such as break up of deals into categories and information on detailed major deals are incorporated into the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.
Table of ContentsTable of ContentsList of TablesList of FiguresGrupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals By Region, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals By Sector, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals Summary, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deal DetailsAsset PurchaseLOTOS Norge Completes Acquisition Of 15% Stake In Sleipner Area Producing Fields In Norwegian Continental Shelf From ExxonMobil Norway For US$160 MillionLOTOS Norge Completes Acquisition Of 28% Stake In Alfa Sentral Discovery In UK From Exxon Mobil For US$25 MillionGrupa Lotos Plans To Acquire Upstream Oil Assets In NorwayLOTOS Exploration Completes Acquisition Of Heimdal Assets In Norwegian Continental Shelf From Centrica For US$175.8 MillionGrupa Lotos To Acquire 49% Interest In Kamien Pomorski License In Poland From PGNiGPartnershipsLOTOS Petrobaltic To Form Partnership With CalEnergy Resources Poland To Develop B4 and B6 Gas Fields On Baltic SeaEquity OfferingGrupa Lotos Completes Rights Offering Of Shares For US$317.5 MillionGrupa LOTOS Completes Offering For US$142 MillionAsset TransactionsGrupa Lotos Plans To Sell 20% Stake In Redeveloped Yme Field In Norwegian North SeaLOTOS Petrobaltic Plans To Sell Interest In Offshore Oil And Gas Property In PolandAcquisitionBP Europa Completes Acquisition Of 50% Interest In LOTOS Tank From Grupa LOTOSLOTOS Petrobaltic Completes Acquisition Of Remaining 59% Stake In Geonafta From Hermis CapitalGazprom Plans To Acquire Stake In Grupa LOTOSGrupa Lotos S.A. - Key CompetitorsKey EmployeesLocations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeOther Locations & SubsidiariesRecent DevelopmentsDrilling and Production UpdatesFeb 12, 2016: LOTOS Increases Crude Oil ProductionDec 04, 2015: LOTOS: EFRA To Enable Increased Production Of HydrogenFinancial AnnouncementsAug 11, 2015: GRUPA LOTOS Announces Q2 2015 Financial ResultsJun 09, 2015: LOTOS Margins Remain StrongApr 29, 2015: LOTOS Announces Q1 2015 ResultsOther Significant DevelopmentsAug 12, 2016: Lotos May Soon Receive Iranian Oil Supplies At Gdansk PortJul 29, 2016: LOTOS: Changes In The Composition Of The CEEP Board Of DirectorsApr 04, 2016: Lotos Reports Increase In Oil Refining In Q1 2016Mar 04, 2016: Rosneft To Raise Oil Supplies To Europe Via Druzhba PipelineFeb 11, 2016: LOTOS Specialists To Improve Coking Technology In EFRA ProjectDec 02, 2015: LOTOS' Margin Rises AgainNov 26, 2015: Grupa LOTOS: Coking Technology To Improve The Efficiency Of Crude Processing At The Lotos RefineryNov 02, 2015: Poland May Receive More Oil From Saudi Arabia: LotosOct 06, 2015: LOTOS: First Oil Produced By LOTOS From The B8 fieldSep 01, 2015: LOTOS Achieves Higher MarginJul 07, 2015: LOTOS Margin UpJun 30, 2015: Changes In The Composition Of The Supervisory Board Of Grupa LotosJun 26, 2015: Appointments To The Management Board Of Grupa LOTOSMay 29, 2015: Grupa LOTOS Appoints Pawel Olechnowicz To Its Management BoardMay 29, 2015: Crude From PGNiG Proves Good Feedstock For Grupa LOTOS's RefineryMay 21, 2015: LOTOS Petrobaltic Rig Ready To Launch Production From The B8 FieldMay 21, 2015: Engicon: Storage Tanks To Ensure Poland's Energy SuppliesMay 19, 2015: LOTOS Goes Live With The Allegro 8 Platform For Energy Trading And Risk ManagementFeb 06, 2015: LOTOS Continues To Make Progress On Its Baltic Sea B8 Field Development PlanFeb 03, 2015: LOTOS Committed To Investment Despite A Challenging EnvironmentNew Contracts AnnouncementsJul 06, 2016: Supplies Of Iranian Oil To Grupa LOTOSJan 25, 2016: Rosneft Increases Supplies To LotosOct 21, 2015: LOTOS Signs A Contract For The Construction Of A Hydrowax Vacuum Distillation UnitAppendixMethodologyAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimerList of TablesGrupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Key Facts, 2015Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals Summary, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas Deals By Type, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals By Region, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Deals By Sector, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals Summary, 2010 to YTD 2016LOTOS Norge Completes Acquisition Of 15% Stake In Sleipner Area Producing Fields In Norwegian Continental Shelf From ExxonMobil Norway For US$160 MillionLOTOS Norge Completes Acquisition Of 28% Stake In Alfa Sentral Discovery In UK From Exxon Mobil For US$25 MillionGrupa Lotos Plans To Acquire Upstream Oil Assets In NorwayLOTOS Exploration Completes Acquisition Of Heimdal Assets In Norwegian Continental Shelf From Centrica For US$175.8 MillionGrupa Lotos To Acquire 49% Interest In Kamien Pomorski License In Poland From PGNiGLOTOS Petrobaltic To Form Partnership With CalEnergy Resources Poland To Develop B4 and B6 Gas Fields On Baltic SeaGrupa Lotos Completes Rights Offering Of Shares For US$317.5 MillionGrupa LOTOS Completes Offering For US$142 MillionGrupa Lotos Plans To Sell 20% Stake In Redeveloped Yme Field In Norwegian North SeaLOTOS Petrobaltic Plans To Sell Interest In Offshore Oil And Gas Property In PolandBP Europa Completes Acquisition Of 50% Interest In LOTOS Tank From Grupa LOTOSLOTOS Petrobaltic Completes Acquisition Of Remaining 59% Stake In Geonafta From Hermis CapitalGazprom Plans To Acquire Stake In Grupa LOTOSGrupa Lotos S.A., Key CompetitorsGrupa Lotos S.A., Key EmployeesGrupa Lotos S.A., Other LocationsGrupa Lotos S.A., SubsidiariesList of FiguresGrupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals by Type, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals By Region, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals By Sector, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals By Year, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals by Type, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals By Region, 2010 to YTD 2016Grupa Lotos S.A., Oil & Gas, Deals by Sector, 2010 to YTD 2016
This report does not have a list of Companies Mentioned available
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$250  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.




























Invitation to place offer for FAME - Grupa LOTOS S.A.























LOTOS
















Invitation to place offer for FAME





For business 
Asphalt  


Car care products and fluids


Fuel


Industrial lubes


Oils


Railway products


REACH


For suppliers

Inquiries
Invitation to place offer for FAME
Declaration
Our regulations
Purchasing Department – information
Agreement forms
Useful information
Contact















LOTOS

For business

For suppliers

Invitation to place offer for FAME






 
Invitation to place offer for FAME (foreign suppliers).
 
Grupa LOTOS S.A. - Gdansk Poland, kindly invites your company to submit the offer for the supply of FAME (Fatty Acid Methyl Esters) as a bio-component for the production of liquid fuels or liquid biofuels for the period 01. July – 30. September 2017 as follows:
 
PRODUCT: FAME (Fatty Acid Methyl Esters) 0 dgr.C CFPP max – RED (certified) – CN 38260010; produced from biomass only;
 
STATUS: EU ORIGIN + T2 status
-       product subject to excise duty – delivery in excise duty suspension procedure - with e-AD only;
-       certified (RED) - delivery with POS (Proof of Sustainability) only.
 
QUALITY: FAME 0 CFPP max - according to EN 14214 with CFPP 0°C max (without any other additives) – for delivery in period 1. July - 30. September 2017.
 
QUANTITY: in total ca 45 000 tons FAME 0 CFPP in period 01. July – 30. September 2017 at Buyer’s option (ca 15 000 mt July 2017; ca 15 000 mt in August 2017, ca 15 000 mt in September 2017)
Please specify the quantities of FAME for sale/supply for each month.
Grupa LOTOS S.A. reserves the right to tolerance +/- ca 1500 tons during realization of deliveries.
 
PRICE: please send your proposal of floating price formula based on:
-       Platt’s FAME 0 RED FOB ARA low (average from the delivery month) + PREMIUM in USD/t.
 
DELIVERY PERIOD: 1. JULY – 30. SEPTEMBER 2017 – please determine possible first loading/delivery window after 01.07 2017.
 
MODE OF TRANSPORT: -
-       railtankcars ca 800 - 1200 mt in one lot - at Buyer’s option depending on location and offered delivery basis or
-        sea-going vessel ca 2000-2500 mt in one lot – at Buyer’s option depending on location and offered delivery basis.
 
DELIVERY BASIS:
1)    RTCs: FCA territory of Poland or FCA EU territory or DAP Gdańsk Grupa LOTOS S.A. or;
2)    vessel: FOB EU Port or CFR Gdynia Port.
Incoterms 2010 ICC Paris shall apply.
 
VALUE ADDED TAX
 
For deliveries: FCA EU territory or FOB EU-Port, where Grupa LOTOS S.A. is an organizer of the transport and transferring goods from the place of loading to territory of Poland (an intra-community acquisition of goods for Grupa LOTOS S.A.). Seller is obliged to issue an invoice without the value added tax (VAT).
 
For deliveries: CFR Gdynia Port, DAP Gdańsk Grupa LOTOS S.A., where Grupa LOTOS S.A. is not an organizer of the transportation of goods from EU to territory of Poland and what is in the exclusive competence of the Seller. Seller is obliged to issue an invoice without the value added tax (VAT).
 
The value added tax (VAT) shown on the invoice will be paid only when the Seller will attach to the invoice information about legal basis of applying VAT rate and duly determine an organizer of the transport in the transaction.
Seller is obliged to put valid VAT No. on the invoice for the transaction. In case of changes in this respect during the term of the agreement the Seller is obliged immediately to notify of this fact GL SA.
 
PAYMENT: minimum 21 days from the date of invoice – merchant credit only.
 
PAYMENT CURRENCY: in USD or converted to EUR or PLN according to monthly average exchange rate of Polish National Bank (NBP) from delivery month.
 
OTHERS:
Please confirm in your offer all the following conditions 1-16 as detailed below. 
Please also note that lack of confirmation will result in rejection of your offer.
 
The Seller declares and confirms that:
1)     is registered in a recognized certification scheme for sustainability and greenhouse gas emissions and has a valid certificate for offered product (FAME) – please send certificate number (scan of certificate);
2)     supplied bio-component (FAME) has the status of European origin and is produced from biomass;
3)     offered for Grupa LOTOS S.A. bio-component for the production of liquid fuels or liquid biofuels has not been counted to the National pool of the Indicative Target for biofuels/bio-components in a pool of fossil fuels in any country of the European Union, including Poland;
4)     bio-component meets greenhouse gas emissions criteria at least 35%;
5)     delivery of bio-component in excise duty suspension procedure in EMCS system - with e-AD only - the amount of collateral duty covered by Supplier;
6)     bio-component is registered according to REACH regulations;
7)     MSDS for bio-component will be sent in Polish language before first delivery;
8)     bio-component meets quality according to required specification EN-14214 provided to the each batch of the product;
9)     delivered to Grupa LOTOS S.A. bio-component meets the sustainability criteria set out in paragraphs 2-6 of Article 17 of Directive 2009/28/WE and Article 7b of Directive 2009/30/EC on the promotion of the use of renewable energy – document PoS (proof of sustainability) shall be provided by the Seller to each batch of the product (Grupa LOTOS S.A. reserves the right to suspend payments for the product until PoS is submitted);
10)   Seller confirms the Grupa LOTOS SA General Terms of Purchase (GTP) – please see attached document;
11)   in consideration of quality of realisation of the agreement/order/commission, work safety and environmental protection, Grupa LOTOS S.A. reserves the right to conduct audits in your company with respect to the field constituting the object of the agreement/order/commission. The audit activities are aimed at evaluation of compliance with requirements specified in contractual documents and other documents provided for use as well as respective provisions of law and standards applicable to realisation of the agreement/order/commission;
12)   Seller will attach together with offer a Company registration documents and other documents according to Table 1. Documents must be authenticated by a notary or confirmed by persons having the rights to represent the Supplier in accordance with the registration documents (confirming consistency with the original). Supplier is obliged to send them together with placed offer by pdf scan and after selection immediately in original by post:




Table 1.  (original or scan pdf)




1.    Company registration documents 
2.    VAT-UE registration documents
3.    SEED registration document (if needed)
4.    Financial statement for previous financial year
5.    Three (3) references from other counterparties (only if company is acting shorter than 2 years)



 


 


 


 



 
Clauses used in proceedings of contractor selection:
13)   Environmental protection:
Seller declares that it follows legal regulations related to widely understood environmental protection, in particular, in regards to obtaining required permits, making submissions and submitting information and respecting limitations in environment use, including, in particular, those resulting from proper waste management. In addition,Sellerdeclares that it acts in a balanced way and undertakes actions limiting negative influence of its own operation on natural environment. 
14) Respecting human rights: 
Sellerdeclares that in the field related to employment, it applies effective regulation in its business operation, including, in particular, Labour Code and execution and enforcement acts issued on this legal basis. 
15) Influence on society - integrating actions: 
Seller declares that it takes also into account social issues in its business operation and aims at maximisation of integration of social, ethical values and values related to human rights, to its own operation, to operation of other interested parties and the society as a whole. 
16) Lack of conflict of interests and anti-corruption policy: 
Seller declares that in case its offer is selected and a contract for execution of the subject of the quotation is signed, it agrees to place the following stipulations in the contract: 
a. Seller declares that to the best of its knowledge, at the time of Contract signing, no conflict of interests exists which could form an obstacle to duly execution of the Contract bySeller, influence its neutrality, quality of works of services it provides, independence or reliability. 
b. Seller declares that it shall be obliged to maintain the highest standards or reliability within the scope required for the provided business activity and to undertake actions aimed at avoid conflict of interests. 
c. Seller declares that during the period of Contract execution, if a suspicion of possible conflict of interests influencing the contents of the declaration, mentioned in para. 1, arises, it will immediately inform Grupa LOTOS S.A. in writing about such suspicion, indicating its justification and will present a suggestion of all required actions, aimed at avoiding the conflict, taking into account widely understood interest of Grupa LOTOS S.A. as well as business ethics it applies. 
d. Seller declares that it did not offer and did not transfer any material benefits in order to exert influence on the decision of Grupa LOTOS S.A. about selection of its offer in the proceeding on contractor selection related to “Invitation to place offer for FAME – 1. June -30. September 2017”, did not influence the result of such proceeding in a manner contradicting the law and did not take part in any agreements or decisions made between Seller or other third parties, which would be aimed at influencing the result of the aforementioned proceeding. 
 
 
Term of placing offers and other required documents acc. to Table 1. until: MONDAY 19.06.2017 11:00 a.m. CET only to the given e-mail address:
bio@grupalotos.pl
 
Offers submitted after 11:00 a.m. CET 19.06.2017 or sent to the other than shown e-mail address or not-meeting requirements of the action will be rejected.
 
Validity of the offer at least till: THURSDAY 22.06.2017 3:00 p.m. CET.
 
Please also note that Grupa LOTOS S.A. reserves the right to carry on negotiations with selected bidders. 
 
For any further questions please don’t hesitate to contact:
Sławomir Chrapkowski tel. +48 58 308-73-43; slawomir.chrapkowski@grupalotos.pl
Andrzej Kamiński tel. +48 58 308-87-06; andrzej.kaminski2@grupalotos.pl
 
Grupa LOTOS S.A. reserves the right to choose any supplier/s at its own option, or to look at the submitted offers in a part or in a whole or to negotiate/conclude agreements with more than one bidder (the scope of the agreement may cover all or part of a complex range of responses the inquiry). Grupa LOTOS S.A. also reserves the right to cancel this invitation for indications and withdraw from negotiations without giving any reason. Bidders are not eligible for any claims against the Grupa LOTOS S.A. referring to this invitation.
 
Gdańsk, 08.06.2017.
 
 







GTP_2017




 

PDF version
Print
Back to top 










































 About us













 



						English
		



			Polski
		



			English
		



			Русский
		



 

Our websites

LOTOS Optima
LOTOS Dynamic
LOTOS
LOTOS Navigator
LOTOS Biznes


 

Newsletter












 










OUR COMPANY





				About us
				




				Board
				




				Quality
				





OUR COMPANY


LOTOS Oil Sp. z o.o. is a leader in the industry, with more than 22 % of shares in the market. The LOTOS engine oils are well–recognized by drivers not only in Poland, but also abroad. Their high quality and reliability mean they are the product of choice for the most discriminating customers, making LOTOS the best-known brand on the Polish oil market.
LOTOS oils have been awarded with “Złoty Laur Konsumenta” (Customers Golden Laurel) for the best Polish engine oil.
LOTOS Oil Sp. z o.o. is a joint-stock company and a member of the Capital Group Grupa LOTOS Sp. z o.o., which is a dynamically developing concern managed in accordance with the modern standards. The Group’s activities include oil extraction and processing, as well as the distribution and sales of a wide range of oil products.
The LOTOS Oil Sp. z o.o. commercial activities comprise the production and distribution of lubricants: automotive and industrial oils and greases, base oils, and also automobile cosmetics and chemicals.
LOTOS Oil Sp. z o.o. offers not only top-quality motor oils but develops a professional oil service as an integral part of its range of services. The Oil Service helps customers introduce new procedures and technologies, providing safe operation of the machinery fleet.
The entire manufacturing process is compliant with the Quality Management System compatible with the international standard ISO 9001:2008. Moreover, LOTOS Oil Sp. z o.o. can take pride in the quality management system certificate consistent with the requirements of the AQAP 2110 system. It means that products of LOTOS Oil Sp. z o.o. meet the requirements and criteria, which have been laid down by NATO for all NATO forces suppliers and companies operating in this industry.



MISSION



LOTOS Oil is an environmentally-friendly company, market leader in its sector, attentive to continuous upgrading of employees professional qualifications and efficient utilisation of their knowledge, enjoying customers' and contractors’ trust.
We would like LOTOS Oil Sp. z o.o. to be perceived as a high-class provider of premium lubes and one of the companies highly regarded for:
- product quality,
- professional management,
- quality of service,
- work safety,
- environmentally-oriented activities.



HISTORY





'15
February LOTOS brand has been awarded - Consumer Laurel 2015 in the category Motor Oils, which confirms their high awareness and value among Polish consumers.
April On the 1 st of April 2015 LOTOS Oil S.A. was converted into LOTOS Oil Ltd. by the District Court Gdańsk - Północ in Gdańsk, VII Commercial Division of the National Court Register.
June Lotos Oil is the Forbes Diamonds prizewinner. LOTOS Oil was among the 13 companies from the region in the category "the largest Polish companies with revenue of over 250 million". Forbes Diamonds is one of the most important awards given annually to the Polish enterprises.





'14
January LOTOS brand has been awarded - Consumer Laurel – LEADER OF THE DECADE 2014 in the category Motor Oils, which confirms their high value and awareness among the Polish consumers.
June TRANSMIL XSP oil has been awarded the European Medal. This is the first in the world market, mineral oil, which met the strict requirements of the Siemens / Flender Rev.13.
September LOTOS Oil received the title of “Ambassador of Polish Economy 2014” in the exporter category. The competition is organized by Business Centre Club under the auspices of the Minister of Foreign Affairs.





'13
June LOTOS Oil launched a new product - TRANSMIL EXTRA XSP. This is the first in the world, mineral oil, which met the very strict requirements of SIEMENS / FLENDEAR Rev.13.
July New in the family: TURDUS POWERTEC 1100 SAE 15W-40 - the technologically advanced motor oil SHPD type.
August LOTOS brand has been awarded - Consumer Laurel - TOP BRAND 2013 in the category Motor Oils, which confirms their high value and awareness among the Polish consumers.
September New in the family: TURDUS POWERTEC 1100 SAE 15W-40 - the technologically advanced motor oil SHPD type.
September LOTOS brand has been awarded Good Brand 2013 – Quality, Trust, Reputation for TURDUS Powertec 3000 10W-40.This title is awarded to the best, most dynamic and recognizable brands in the Polish market. Having the Emblem acknowledges the status of the brand as a leader in the relevant industry, and is a confirmation of the highest quality brand inspiring confidence and having an undisputed reputation.
November The well-known international manufacturer of road and construction machinery company XCMG Europa joined the group of partners LOTOS OIL.
November LOTOS Oil launched a new product TURDUS POWERTEC 3000 10W-40, is one of the flagship oils dedicated for use in trucks and specialty vehicles.





'12
June Publication of "Lubrication Guide – introduction to lubricant service"
August Beginning of distribution of Group II base lubricants.
December Refurbishment of TURDUS Powertec oil line and new TURDUS Powertec 5000 series (synthetic), 3000 series (semisynthetic) and 1000 series (mineral) oils emerging in the market.





'11
April 4.04 Image advertising campaign launched for the LOTOS brand in the oil category, based on the alliance with the Subaru brand;
5.04 LOTOS brand awarded with the prestigious Business Superbrands title;





'10
November  LOTOS Quazar motor oils awarded with the European Medal presented during the Business Centre Club gala, supported by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
March Oil Maintenance Service of LOTOS Oil SA awarded with the European Medal by the Committee for European Integration, Business Centre Club and the European Economic and Social Committee.





'09
June Market introduction of ultramodern LOTOS QUAZAR synthetic motor oils.
New LOTOS brand logo for the oil category.





'08
October Title of the best refinery of 2008 in Central and Eastern Europe.
May LOTOS brand to be found among 20 best business brands in Poland in the “Business Superbrands 2007” ranking list.





'07
March LOTOS Oil SA prepares a line of motor oils dedicated specifically for KIA cars. The oils are available solely in the maintenance network of the Korean-based producer.
May Volvo Swedish automobile concern approves the use of Turdus CNG 15W40 oil, manufactured by LOTOS Oil, in its motors powered with natural gas.





'06
September LOTOS Oil SA receives the Environmental Management System certificate, compliant with the AQAP 2110 system requirements. The company’s products thus meet the requirements and criteria posed to all suppliers to the armed forces and companies of NATO.





'05
June Turdus Powertec voted “Europroduct 2005”.
August The Gdańsk Refinery achieves yearly processing power of 6 million tonnes.





'04
Market introduction of the new LOTOS Economic 5W/30 motor oil
ISO 9001 for LOTOS Oil.





'03
January Launching of activities by LOTOS Oil.
June The Rafineria Gdańska SA name changes into Grupa LOTOS SA
October Market introduction of new LOTOS TRAFFIC motor oil and ultra-green LOTOS RED fuel oil.
November Market introduction of ultra-green diesel oil with 0.001% sulphur content.





'02
Production of Lotos Gas and Lotos Zielony Ogród lubricating oils as well as RG Trans begins.
Incorporation of the LOTOS Oil SA commercial company





'01
LOTOS Dynamic motor oil is launched.





'99
Rafineria Gdańska is the first (Polish) company in petroleum sector to receive the Environmental Management System certificate, compliant with ISO 14001 requirements.





'95
“Marinol” marine oils production launched.





'94
LOTOS Syntetic motor oil production launched.





'93
Production of the first Polish semi-synthetic oil “LOTOS Semisyntetic” begins





'92
TURDUS motor oil production launched.





'91
October Gdańskie Zakłady Rafineryjne [Gdańsk Refinery Works] transformed into Rafineria Gdańska SA [Gdańsk Refinery], a State Treasury Joint-Stock Company





'90
Production of 5-litre plastic petrol cans is launched.
The first in Poland motor oil of the SG class, “LOTOS Mineralny” [LOTOS Mineral] production. It won the Gold Medal at the 54th National Fair “Autumn 90”.





'85
Production of the most popular Polish motor oil, “Selektol Special”, is launched.
Compressor and gear oils production launched.





'77
Selektol oils production launched.





'75
December 12th.  December 12th. First products are manufactured: petrol, petroleum and diesel oils.





'72
April Construction of the refinery launched.
The company “Rafineria Nafty Gdańsk”, under construction, is incorporated.





'71
March Government’s decision to launch in Gdańsk the construction of a refinery processing 3 million tonnes of crude oil per annum.


 
















Grupa LOTOS SA (via Public) / Grupa LOTOS Strategy for 2017-2022



























                        Hello .
                    


 Taiwan 







News


International News


Education


Environment


Healthcare


Technology


Internet




Science


Social and Non-Profit


Local News




Politicsand Policy


Government


Politics


Local Government


International Policy




Businessand Economy


Economy


Finance


Stock Markets




Jobs and Labor


Company News


Industry News


Aerospace


Agriculture


Chemicals


Commodities


Construction


Consumer Electronics


Defense


Energy


Nuclear Energy


Oil and Gas


Renewable Energy




Financial Services


Banking


Insurance




Fishing and Aquaculture


Manufacturing


Information Technology


Metals and Mining


Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology


Real Estate


Professional and Business Services


Legal




Telecommunications


Tobacco


Retail


Transportation


Air Transportation


Maritime Transportation


Rail Transportation


Road Transportation




Utilities


Forestry and Wood Industry






Artsand Culture


Art


Books and Literature


Entertainment


Cinema


Media


Radio and Television




Music






Lifestyleand Leisure


Automotive


Home and Garden


Fashion and Luxury


Clothing and Textile




Food


Travel and Hospitality


Boating and Yachting




Sports


Baseball


Basketball


Boxing


Cricket


Cycling


Football (American)


Football (Australian)


Football (Soccer)


Golf


Hockey


Racing


Rugby


Sailing


Skiing and Winter Sports


Tennis


Volleyball











noodls browser compatibility check

The security settings of your browser are blocking the execution of scripts.
To use noodls, javascript support must be enabled. Please change your browser's security settings to enable javascript.
If you have changed your browser's security settings, you can click here.






related announcements
Finance


Bel Fuse Inc.
Bel Magnetics Announces Single Port and Quad Port 2.5GBase-T 60W 4-pair[...]


Louisiana-Pacific Corporation
LP to Acquire International Barrier Technology Inc.


Consolidated Communications[...]
Consolidated Communications Announces Quarterly Dividend


More
Stock Markets


NetApp Inc.
How to Compare Modern All-Flash Architectures


NeuStar Inc.
Neustar and Snap Team Up to Demonstrate Impact of Ad Performance on[...]


Cincinnati Financial Corporation
Dad’s advice for college students never out of style


More











search






















Grupa LOTOS SA



16/12/2016 | Press release | Distributed by Public on 16/12/2016 17:37
Grupa LOTOS Strategy for 2017-2022







      Grupa LOTOS S.A. Strategy for 2017−2022
    

      The Company has built the Strategy around the key concepts of stability and safe growth, along two time horizons.
    

      In the initial years 2017 and 2018, the Company wants to focus on stabilising its cash flows, lowering debt, and making progress on running capital investment projects.
    

      Next, in 2019 to 2022, the Company is set to further expand its business based on a new portfolio of capex projects and by investing profits generated by completed projects, which will be additionally facilitated by cost discipline, cost saving, and other measures.
    

      LOTOS is seeking to position itself as a producer of premium quality fuels and chemicals with an optimum degree of vertical integration, a provider of specialised logistics and servicing support, and a leader in innovating its core business − all with the ultimate goal of generating stable growth in shareholder value and enhancing Poland's energy security.
    

      Grupa LOTOS has identified the following five strategic objectives:
    



          Effective use of production licences, further optimisation of refining technologies, launch of new products and alternative fuels, and commitment to quality,
        



          Consistent and repeatable reduction of operating expenses and optimisation of margins along the value chain,
        



          Readiness to develop and embrace innovation based on dedicated funding, an advanced model of cooperation with research institutions and creative engagement of employees,
        



          Flexible response to risks, perceived through potentially offered business opportunities,
        



          Greater responsibility for security at large in accordance with Poland's economic, environmental and energy policies (diversification of feedstock and fuel supplies, OHS, cyber security, social responsibility).
        



      Key target metrics of the Grupa LOTOS S.A. Strategy for 2017−2022:
    



          twofold increase in average annual LIFO-based EBITDA in 2019−2022, to around PLN 4bn;
        



          reduction of net debt/LIFO-based EBITDA to no more than 1.5;
        



          execution of investment projects worth a total of PLN 9.4bn over six years;
        



          acquisition of oil and gas reserves (2P − proved and probable) totalling at least 60 million boe and achieving daily hydrocarbon production of 30-50 thousand boe (barrels of oil equivalent);
        



          expansion of the LOTOS retail chain to comprise 550 service stations;
        



          maintenance of LTIF (Lost Time Injury Frequency) below 3.
        



      In the upstream business, Grupa LOTOS will optimise financing sources and consistently build a sound and balanced asset portfolio, based on projects in the pipeline. The Company intends to pursue more field development projects, capture market opportunities to enhance its portfolio of upstream assets and reduce the share of licences covering mature fields in its overall portfolio.


      The Company's operations are focused around hubs on the Norwegian Continental Shelf; any possible geographical diversification will be subject to analysis.
    

      In the refining business, the Company is set to maintain its cutting edge in technology in Central Europe and compete in innovation. In its first phase, the Strategy will be implemented through the EFRA investment programme. The Company is contemplating three potential directions of building further competitive advantage based on newly developed refining assets:




          Building a new olefin complex (with an ETBE unit) or using naphtha (currently exported) to manufacture motor gasolines with a view to lengthening the integrated margin chain; or
        



          Entering new product markets with an extended offering of high-margin Group 2 and 3 base oils (based on internally generated feedstock − hydrowax); or
        



          Increasing the reliability of electricity supply and entering the capacity market through the construction of a CHP plant to meet internal needs.
        



      In the retail business, the Company plans to optimise customer service and sales, revamp its loyalty scheme with the use of best available technologies and introduce innovative products and services. The Company will improve service quality and strive to win leadership in new generation fuels (CNG, LNG, electricity and hydrogen) as part of the LOTOS Energy Hub project.


      The Company wants to organically expand its retail chain, to reach 550 LOTOS service stations in 2022. Striving to ensure financial and operational stability, the Company plans to reduce costs (which would strengthen its resilience to any adverse macroeconomic conditions in the future) by implementing a Group-wide procurement strategy. The Company's ambition is to actively manage internal demand and consolidate orders by tightening its relations with suppliers as part of the Efficiency Improvement Programme.
    

      The Company believes these initiatives will generate annual savings of PLN 300m vs 2015 cost base, each year until 2019.
    

      Innovation
    

      Grupa LOTOS will develop new models of collaborative interaction with research institutions and start-ups based on joint research agendas and a dedicated innovation fund.
    

      CAPEX in 2017−2022:




          PLN 2.0bn for projects in progress;
        



          PLN 4.1bn for projects pending FID (mainly in the upstream segment);
        



          PLN 3.3bn planned as additional expenditure after 2018 - for alternative projects ultimately selected in 2018, depending on their economics and market developments.
        

          CAPEX by key project groups across business areas:




          PLN 3.0bn − upstream portfolio development, including:
        



              PLN 0.8bn for operations in the currently producing fields: B8 and B3 in Poland, Heimdal and Sleipner in Norway,
            



              PLN 1.9bn for development of the fields: B4/B6, Utgard, Frigg Gamma Delta and YME (or similar project),
            



              PLN 0.3bn for hydrocarbon exploration under Baltic Sea licences and continued on- shore cooperation with PGNiG;
            



                  PLN 2.5bn in the refining area, including:
                



                      PLN 1.3bn for completion of EFRA,
                    



                      PLN 1.2bn for upgrade and replacement of existing process infrastructure;
                    









          PLN 0.6bn - in the marketing business, for optimisation of the retail chain through relocation of selected stations and chain standardisation;
        



          PLN 3.3bn - to be allocated to business areas by the end of 2018.
        



      In the period covered by the Strategy, the Management Board will seek to achieve and maintain Grupa LOTOS S.A.'s ability to pay dividends.
    












Sharing and Personal Tools

Please select the service you want to use:

Newsvine
Digg
Delicious
StumbleUpon
Technorati
Buzz
Favorites
Google Reader





Public link

Please use the above public link if you want to share this noodl on another website.


Close





Smartlinks
| Grupa LOTOS SA
| Finance
| Conglomerates and Diversified
| Energy Markets
| Stock Markets
| Security Markets
| Commodities
| Stock Markets
| Security Markets
| Company News
| Business Announcements
| Energy
| Energy Markets
| Oil and Gas
| Oil and Gas Downstream and Midstream Activities
| Oil and Gas Companies
| Börse Frankfurt
| Börse Berlin
| Börse München
| Warsaw Stock Exchange




 Back


 View original format











Copyright ©2006-2017 Public Technologies Inc.  | 
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Contact




