
Nielsen Holdings PLC (NLSN.K)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Nielsen Holdings PLC (NLSN.K)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerAdvertising & Marketing












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				NLSN.K on New York Consolidated


				43.01USD
31 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$43.01


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

3,097,452




52-wk High

$54.99


52-wk Low

$36.96












					Full Description



Nielsen Holdings plc, incorporated on February 4, 2015, is a performance management company. The Company provides to clients an understanding of what consumers watch and what they buy and how those choices intersect. The Company's segments include what consumers buy (Buy), consisting principally of market research information and analytical services, and what consumers watch and listen to (Watch), consisting principally of television, radio, online and mobile audience and advertising measurement services and corresponding analytics.The Buy segment provides measurement services, which include its core tracking and scan data (primarily transactional measurement data and consumer behavior information), and analytical services to businesses in the consumer packaged goods industry. Its services also enable its clients to manage their brands, uncover new sources of demand, launch and grow new products, analyze their sales, manage their marketing mix and establish consumer relationships. Its data is used by its clients to measure their market share, tracking billions of sales transactions per month in retail outlets around the world. Within its Buy segment, the Company has geographic groups, such as developed and emerging markets. Its developed markets primarily include the United States, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Australia and South Korea. Its emerging markets include Africa, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Russia, China, India and Southeast Asia.The Company provides retail measurement services. Its purchasing data provides market share, competitive sales volumes and insights into such activities as distribution, pricing, merchandising and promotion. It conducts consumer panels around the world that help its clients understand consumer purchasing dynamics at the household level. As of December 31, 2016, the Company's consumer panels collected data from over 250,000 household panelists across 25 countries that use in-home scanners to record purchases from each shopping trip. The Company provides a selection of consumer intelligence and analytical services that help clients make business decisions throughout their product development and marketing cycles. The Company draws actionable insights from its retail and consumer panel measurement data sets, online behavioral information, as well as a range of other data sets.The Watch segment provides viewership and listening data and analytics primarily to the media and advertising industries across the television, radio, print, online and mobile viewing and listening platforms. Its Watch data is used by its media clients to understand their audiences, establish the value of their advertising inventory and maximize the value of their content, and by its advertising clients to plan and optimize their spending. The Company offers various services, which include television audience measurement, audio audience measurement, digital audience measurement, mobile measurement and total audience measurement.The Company also provides services, including their lifestyles, shopping patterns, and use of media in local markets and across the United States. It also markets its quantitative and qualitative audience and consumer information to customers outside of its traditional base, including newspapers; advertising agencies; the advertising sales organizations of local cable television companies; national cable and broadcast television networks; out-of-home media sales organizations; sports teams and leagues, marketers and advertisers. Its qualitative media insights applications include marketing, cross-platform, prospecting, planning/buying, sales, news, promotions, programming and editorial. Its qualitative information provides advertiser insights into the areas of promotions, marketing, brand management, multiculturalism, product development, shopper insights and sponsorship.As of December 31, 2016, the Company provided approximately two principal television ratings services in the United States: measurement of national television audiences and measurement of local television audiences in 210 designated local television markets. The Company uses various methods to collect the data from households, including electronic meters, which provide minute-by-minute viewing information for next day consumption by its clients, and written diaries. As of December 31, 2016, the Company measured television viewing in 31 countries outside the United States, including Australia, Indonesia, Italy and South Korea.The Company provides independent measurement and consumer research primarily servicing radio, advertisers and advertising agencies in the audio industry. It provides syndicated radio ratings services in local markets in the United States to radio broadcasters, advertising agencies and advertisers. The Company provides digital media and market research, audience analytics and social media measurement. The Company employs a range of measurement offerings to provide digital publishers, Internet and media companies, marketers and retailers with metrics to understand the behavior of online audiences. Through a combination of panel and census data collection methods, the Company measures and studies Internet surfing, online buying and video viewing (including television content) of digital audiences.The Company provides independent measurement and consumer research for telecommunication and media companies in the mobile telecommunications industry. As of December 31, 2016, the Company offered mobile measurement and analytic services in 29 countries around of the world. The Company connects all of its video measurement capabilities together in a solution covering clients' total audience for content and campaigns across all consumer access points.The Company provides a range of solutions to advertisers, whether they are consumer packaged goods manufacturers, retailers, media companies or other verticals, such as automotive, telecommunication or financial services, to validate and optimize their advertising spend. The Company offers services specific to television, digital and social marketing to determine resonance or impact of specific campaigns, by measuring objectives, such as breakthrough, brand recall, purchase intent and effect on product and brand loyalty.The Company competes with Information Resources, Inc., GfK, Ipsos, Kantar, comScore, TiVo, Oracle, Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics and Triton.

» Full Overview of NLSN.K







					Company Address



Nielsen Holdings PLC
85 Broad StNEW YORK   NY   10004-2434
P: +1646.6545000







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 James Attwood

--




							 Dwight Barns

6,957,890




							 Rick Kash

--




							 Jamere Jackson

8,250,120




							 John Lewis

3,549,570




» More Officers & Directors





					Nielsen Holdings PLC News




BRIEF-Nielsen Holdings reports Q2 earnings per share $0.37

Jul 27 2017 
Nielsen to track Hulu Live TV, YouTube TV viewing in U.S. ratings

Jul 25 2017 
Nielsen to track Hulu Live TV, YouTube TV viewing in U.S. ratings

Jul 25 2017 
BRIEF-Nielsen Holdings enters agreement with JD.com

Jul 25 2017 
BRIEF-Nielsen Holdings sets quarterly cash dividend of $0.34 per share

Jul 20 2017 


» More NLSN.K  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerAdvertising & Marketing











































































        About Us | What Consumers Watch and Buy | Nielsen
    
















































































X
























MENU










































About us















Who Are the Global Consumers?








Whether you're eyeing markets in the next town or across continents, we understand the importance of knowing what consumers watch and buy.  That's our passion and the very heart of our business.
We study consumers in more than 100 countries to give you the most complete view of trends and habits worldwide.  And we're constantly evolving, not only in terms of where we measure, or who we measure, but in how our insights can help you drive profitable growth.
Whether your business is a multinational enterprise or a single storefront, we believe innovation is the key to success, in both what you create and how you market your products and ideas.  That's why we continue to develop better solutions to help you meet the needs of today's consumers, and find out where they're headed next.
So let's put our heads together.  We'll bring our insight to your business and help you grow.














 Leadership

Get to know our leaders.






 Careers

Lead, innovate, analyze, and connect. Explore exciting new career options at Nielsen.






 Investor Relations

In more than 100 countries around the world, Nielsen provides clients the most complete understanding of what consumers watch and buy. Learn more about our company.






 Nielsen Families

Our panelists enrich our understanding of consumers’ shopping and media habits.






 Global Responsibility & Sustainability

Our global teams work together to have an uncommon impact in the marketplaces and communities where we live and serve.






 Diversity & Inclusion

It’s not just a goal, but a global business imperative. It’s about each of us embracing the talents and ideas of people with different backgrounds, experiences and perspectives to drive our continued success in providing clients with the information they need to succeed.






 Academic Affairs

Learning is at the core of what we do. We’re honored to lend a hand in shaping the next generation of innovators.






 Public Policy

We engage with government officials, industry associations and experts on public policy issues important to our business and to our clients’ businesses.






 Privacy

We are committed to responsible stewardship of the data we handle and protecting the privacy of our panelists, associates and the public.






 Press Room

Read our latest press releases and connect with our global press team.






 Awards and Recognitions

We’re in it for you, not awards. But we’re happy to be recognized.










Find the right solution for your business Contact Us
























































































        消費者觀看、收聽與購買的市場研究 | 尼爾森
    





























































































































X
























功能表














































 




創. 動. 未來
的科學™
Play video
















最新消息
尼爾森：掌握消費新族群「智聯購享家」





	    	過去瞄準「中產階級」消費者的銷售指標已經不夠，甚至落伍了。老舊方式正被快速崛起的新世代消費族群取代，「智聯購享家」為成功掌握商機脈動的關鍵。



	            了解更多 >
	        











最新趨勢報告
尼爾森「好市多e覽通」報告





尼爾森「好市多e覽通」報告，透過分析超過20萬電子發票，剖析好市多銷售情況，以便洞察好市多零售趨勢，掌握大型量販銷售商機。



	            掌握最新趨勢報告 >
	        













解決方案
尼爾森了解消費者







	    	消費者真正想要什麼？他們看什麼？分享什麼？愛什麼？來場「尼爾森獨特洞察如何協助您業務成長」的發現之旅吧！

	    


	            立刻進入發現之旅 >
	        


































Nielsen Holdings plc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 01, 2017 9:48 AM ET
Professional Services

Company Overview of Nielsen Holdings plc



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Nielsen Holdings plc operates as an information and measurement company. It operates through two segments, Buy and Watch. The company provides media and marketing information, analytics, and manufacturer and retailer expertise about what and where consumers buy, read, watch, and listen. The Buy segment provides retail transactional measurement data, consumer behavior information, and analytics primarily to businesses in the consumer packaged goods industry. This segment provides data on retail measurement services, such as market share, and competitive sales volumes; insights into distribution, pricing, merchandising, and promotion; consumer panel measurement, which offers insight into shopp...
Nielsen Holdings plc operates as an information and measurement company. It operates through two segments, Buy and Watch. The company provides media and marketing information, analytics, and manufacturer and retailer expertise about what and where consumers buy, read, watch, and listen. The Buy segment provides retail transactional measurement data, consumer behavior information, and analytics primarily to businesses in the consumer packaged goods industry. This segment provides data on retail measurement services, such as market share, and competitive sales volumes; insights into distribution, pricing, merchandising, and promotion; consumer panel measurement, which offers insight into shopper behavior and customer segmentation; and consumer intelligence and analytical services for decision making in product development and marketing cycles. The Watch segment provides viewership and listening data, and analytics primarily to the media and advertising industries for television, radio, print, online, and mobile viewing, and listening platforms. This segment offers television audience measurement services; audio audience measurement services; digital audience measurement services, such as digital media and market research, audience analytics, and social media measurement; mobile measurement services comprising measurement and consumer research for telecom and media companies; and total audience measurement services, as well as advertising solutions. The company was formerly known as Nielsen N.V. and changed its name to Nielsen Holdings plc in August 2015. Nielsen Holdings plc was founded in 1923 and is headquartered in Oxford, the United Kingdom.
Detailed Description


A C Nielsen HouseLondon RoadOxford,  OX3 9RXUnited KingdomFounded in 192343,000 Employees



Phone: 44 1865 742 742

www.nielsen.com







Key Executives for Nielsen Holdings plc




Mr. Dwight Mitchell Barns


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 54
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.0M








Mr. Stephen John Hasker


      	Global President and Chief Operating Officer
      


Age: 47
        

Total Annual Compensation: $900.0K








Mr. Jamere Jackson


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 48
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.1M








Mr. James T. Powell


      	Chief Technology Officer
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $750.0K








Mr. Eric J. Dale J.D., Esq.


      	Chief Legal Officer
      


Age: 52
        

Total Annual Compensation: $750.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Nielsen Holdings plc Key Developments

Nielsen Holdings plc Reports Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the Second Quarter and Six Months Ended June 30, 2017; Provides Earnings Guidance for the Year 2017
Jul 27 17
Nielsen Holdings plc reported unaudited consolidated earnings results for the second quarter and six months ended June 30, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported revenue of $1,644 million against $1,596 million a year ago. Revenue in the quarter reflects solid growth in Watch, robust growth in Buy emerging markets and the contribution from recent acquisition of Gracenote. This was partially offset by continued softness in U.S. Buy business which reflects the challenging operating environment for large fast moving consumer goods clients. Operating income was $324 million against $282 million a year ago. Income from continuing operations before income taxes was $224 million against $196 million a year ago. Net income was $133 million against $114 million a year ago. Net income attributable to company stockholders was $131 million against $113 million a year ago, due primarily to lower restructuring charges during the second quarter of 2017. Diluted net income per share attributable to company stockholders was $0.37 against $0.31 a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA was $512 million against $490 million a year ago. EBITDA was $475 million against $429 million a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was $226 million against $210 million a year ago. Capital expenditures (net) were $64 million against $112 million a year ago.

For the six months, the company reported revenue of $3,170 million against $3,083 million a year ago. Operating income was $531 million against $506 million a year ago. Income from continuing operations before income taxes was $340 million against $341 million a year ago. Net income was $206 million against $215 million a year ago. Net income attributable to company stockholders was $202 million against $213 million a year ago. Diluted net income per share attributable to company stockholders was $0.56 against $0.58 a year ago. Adjusted EBITDA was $934 million against $892 million a year ago. EBITDA was $833 million against $798 million a year ago. Net cash provided by operating activities was $266 million against $297 million a year ago. Capital expenditures (net) were $178 million against $221 million a year ago. Net debt as of June 30, 2017 was $8,013 million. 

The company is updating its full year guidance as highlighted below: The company expects total revenue of $6,585 million, GAAP net income per share to be in the range of $1.40 to $1.46 and free cash flow of $900 million, the company expects net income to be in the range of $500 million to $525 million, adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $2,030 million to $2,050 million, interest expense, net to be in the range of $365 million to $375 million, depreciation and amortization to be in the range of $665 million to $675 million, net cash provided by operating activities of $1,360 million and capital expenditures of $460 million.


CNN and Turner Sports to Subscribe to Nielsen Holdings Plc's Out-Of-Home Reporting Service
Jul 26 17
Nielsen and global media company Turner announced that CNN and Turner Sports will subscribe to Nielsen's National Out-of-Home Reporting Service. The long-term agreement between Nielsen and Turner delivers program and commercial ratings for live plus 7 days of time-shifted viewing. The National Out-of-Home Reporting Service is a key component of company's Total Audience framework, the only electronic measurement solution that provides viewing estimates for both in-home and out-of-home linear TV consumption.


Nielsen Expands its Everyday Analytics Suite of Tools with the Global Launch of RMO Sales Planner
Jul 26 17
Nielsen expanded its Everyday Analytics suite of tools with the global launch of RMO Sales Planner. This new solution will enable fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies to accelerate trade optimization results by bridging the gap between nationally focused price and promotion strategies and the annualÂ plans executed by account teams at a local, retailer-level. Through RMO Sales Planner, account teams can now objectively evaluate the best combination of everyday price levels and temporary discount events to achieve their annual business goals across their entire product portfolio. Bringing speed to the process, account teams can build out multiple, annual plan scenarios and within minutes, simulate and compare their relative performance based on sales volume, profitability objectives and trade budget. Unique to the market, RMO Sales Planner is powered by Nielsen's store-level models which allows account teams to easily understand how nationally-set guidelines will impact their retailers and how best to adapt to create more relevant, more precise plans. By combining automated, lower cost analytics with simple and intuitive tools, Nielsen's suite of Everyday Analytics make sophisticated analytics more accessible for daily decisions for brands of all sizes. These tools are a fundamental component of the Nielsen Connected System, helping organizations align around what's happening with their business, why and what to do next to drive growth. RMO Sales Planner builds upon other Everyday Analytics that are launching in the Connected System, including capabilities that focus on innovation,
assortment and advertising budget allocation.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1-1 Recruitment Limited Europe 1700 Group Plc Europe 180 Advisory Solutions Limited Europe 1801 Group Ltd. Europe 247 Media Network Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 14, 2017
			    
Nielsen Holdings plc, Certain TV Pilot Testing Assets



Merger/Acquisition

			      July 12, 2017
			    
Nielsen Holdings plc, Store Observation in USA



Merger/Acquisition

			      June 14, 2017
			    
Nielsen Holdings plc, Certain Mobile Research Assets





Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Nielsen Holdings plc, please visit www.nielsen.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































































Nielsen Holdings PLC - Strategy and SWOT Report | Market Research Reports® Inc.



















Skip to main content









 








Home
FAQs
Contact Us
Become Publisher
Blog
 





0 items $0.00 











Search form

Search this site 
 

Search



 










You are here: Home  Catalog  Marketing & Advertising  Market Research  Company Reports (Marketing & Advertising) 









Nielsen Holdings PLC - Strategy and SWOT Report











Nielsen Holdings PLC - Strategy and SWOT Report









Printer versionSend by email





Publication ID: MLI0316086
Publication Date: 

March 11, 2016



Pages: 

37


Publisher: MarketLine
Countries: 

USA


$175.00
Publication Type *
 - Select -Single User License (PDF), $175.00Site License (PDF), $350.00Global License (PDF), $525.00
Please choose the suitable license type from above. More details are at given under tab "Report License Types" below.




Add to cart





Why to buy from us?




 Globally Trusted Brand


We help executives from Fortune 500 firms to Start-ups with their market research needs thus we can help you too. 





 Shop With Confidence


If you have any pre-sales questions related to this report pelase let us know using the "Report Enquiry" form below. This will help us provide you with answers so that you can purchase with confidence. 





 Secure Checkout


You can shop confidently as your online payments are processed using PCI DSS compliant secure payment gateways on our website.





 Frequently Asked Questions


If you wish to read about frequently asked questions by our customers please visit our FAQs page.










TabsDescription

Summary
Nielsen Holdings PLC - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company's structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360˚ view of the company.
Key Findings
- Detailed information on Nielsen Holdings PLC required for business and competitor intelligence needs
- A study of the major internal and external factors affecting Nielsen Holdings PLC in the form of a SWOT analysis
- An in-depth view of the business model of Nielsen Holdings PLC including a breakdown and examination of key business segments
- Intelligence on Nielsen Holdings PLC's mergers and acquisitions (MandA), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisors
- News about Nielsen Holdings PLC, such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract wins
- Large number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trends
Reasons To Buy
- Gain understanding of Nielsen Holdings PLC and the factors that influence its strategies
- Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions
- Assess Nielsen Holdings PLC as a prospective partner, vendor or supplier
- Support sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses better
- Stay up to date on Nielsen Holdings PLC's business structure, strategy and prospects
Key Highlights
Nielsen Holdings PLC (Nielsen or “the company”) is a global performance management company that provides clients with a comprehensive understanding of consumers and consumer behavior. The company operates in the US; the Netherlands; Europe, Middle East and Africa; Asia Pacific; and other parts of Americas. It is headquartered in New York City, New York and employed 42,000 people as on December 31, 2014. The company recorded revenues of $6,288 million during the financial year ended December 2014 (FY2014), an increase of 10.3% over FY2013. The operating profit of the company was $1,089 million in FY2014, an increase of 26.5% over FY2013.The net profit of the company was $384 million in FY2014, a decrease of 48.1% as compared to FY2013.




Table of Contents

Company Overview
Business Description
History
Key Employees and Biographies
Company View
Locations and Subsidiaries
SWOT Analysis
Revenue Analysis
Key Competitors
Major Products and Services




Companies Covered

Nielsen Holdings PLC




Report License Types

Single User License (PDF)
This license allows for use of a publication by one person.
This person may print out a single copy of the publication.
This person can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
This person cannot share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons.
Unless a Global License is purchased, a Single User License must be purchased for every person that wishes to use the publication within the same organization.
Customers who infringe these license terms are liable for a Global license fee.
 
Site License (PDF)*
This license allows for use of a publication by all users within one corporate location, e.g. a regional office.
These users may print out a single copy of the publication.
These users can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
These users cannot share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons outside the corporate location for which the publication is purchased.
Unless a Global License is purchased, a Site User License must be purchased for every corporate location by an organization that wishes to use the publication within the same organization.
Customers who infringe these license terms are liable for a Global license fee.
 
Global License (PDF)*
This license allows for use of a publication by unlimited users within the purchasing organization e.g. all employees of a single company.
Each of these people may use the publication on any computer, and may print out the report, but may not share the publication (or any information contained therein) with any other person or persons outside of the organization.
These employees of purchasing organization can include information given in the publication in presentations and internal reports by providing full copyright credit to the publisher.
*If Applicable.




Report Enquiry


Do you have more questions related to this market research report after going through the description and table of contents?
We are here to help. Please use the form given below to let us know your questions related to this report.
Kindly use your official email address and contact number to ensure speedy response.


First Name *



Last Name *



Company *



Email Address *



Phone (Including International Code) *



Report Title *



Your Inquiry *








CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


Math question *
 6 + 12 =  
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.


Submit




Market ResearchCompany Reports (Marketing & Advertising)Marketing & Advertising

*Please note that the report cover image shown above is for representation purpose only. Actual report cover may vary.








 175.00000
Single User License (PDF)

Market Research Reports® Inc.
http://www.marketresearchreports.com












Related Market Research Reports







Publication 

Price 





Design, Research, Promotional And Consulting Services Market Global Report 2017
The design, research, promotional and consulting services market (referred to here as general professional services) comprises establishments offering expertize and services to a wide range of industries, in some cases households and individuals. Activities include architectural, engineering, specialized design services, research services, advertising services, photographic services, translation, interpretation and other design, research, promotional and consulting services. 

$5,000.00 



Surveying & Mapping Services Market Global Report 2017
Surveying & Mapping Services comprises services which are primarily engaged in conducting survey and mapping services of the surface of the earth, including the sea floor. These services may also include surveying and mapping of areas above or below the surface of the earth. 

$4,000.00 



Geophysical Services Market Global Report 2017
Geophysical Service companies are mainly engaged in collecting, analysing, and mapping geophysical data. Companies in this industry use a range of surveying techniques depending on the objective of the survey. It includes establishments doing magnetic surveys, gravity surveys, seismic surveys, or electrical and electromagnetic surveys.  

$4,000.00 



Market Research And Other General Professional Services Market Global Report 2017
Market research companies are increasingly using advanced research technologies to generate consumer insights. For instance eye tracking technology aids researchers in giving unbiased insights. This technology is used in studying consumer behavior during shopping, wherein researchers can capture actual reaction and time spent gazing at a particular product or a group. Thus, eye tracking technology is helpful for gauging consumer reaction towards products, without any bias or errors. 

$4,000.00 



Marketing Research And Analysis Services Market Global Report 2017
Market research companies are increasingly using advanced research technologies to generate consumer insights. For instance eye tracking technology aids researchers in giving unbiased insights. This technology is used in studying consumer behavior during shopping, wherein researchers can capture actual reaction and time spent gazing at a particular product or a group. Thus, eye tracking technology is helpful for gauging consumer reaction towards products, without any bias or errors. 

$4,000.00 



Global and Chinese Press Releases Industry, 2017 Market Research Report
The 'Global and Chinese Press Releases Industry, 2012-2022 Market Research Report' is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the global Press Releases industry with a focus on the Chinese market. 

$3,000.00 



The Dun and Bradstreet Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Report
Summary
The Dun and Bradstreet Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company's structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360˚ view of the company. 

$175.00 



Market Research (UK) - Industry Report
Plimsoll’s Market Research (UK) analysis is the most definitive and accurate study of the Market Research (UK) sector in 2015.
The report is split into two sections and uses both a written and graphical analysis – analysing the 701 largest Market Research (UK) companies. 
The Market Research (UK) report contains the most-up-to-date financial data and Plimsoll applies these figures to create their unique and authoritative analysis.  

$550.00 



Database Marketing (UK) - Industry Report
Plimsoll’s Database Marketing (UK) analysis is the most definitive and accurate study of the Database Marketing (UK) sector in 2015.
The report is split into two sections and uses both a written and graphical analysis – analysing the 207 largest Database Marketing (UK) companies. 
The Database Marketing (UK) report contains the most-up-to-date financial data and Plimsoll applies these figures to create their unique and authoritative analysis.  

$550.00 



Digital Marketing (UK) - Industry Report
Plimsoll’s Digital Marketing (UK) analysis is the most definitive and accurate study of the Digital Marketing (UK) sector in 2015.
The report is split into two sections and uses both a written and graphical analysis – analysing the 152 largest Digital Marketing (UK) companies. 
The Digital Marketing (UK) report contains the most-up-to-date financial data and Plimsoll applies these figures to create their unique and authoritative analysis.  

$550.00 



Insight Report: Digital Innovation in Insurance

Insight Report: Digital Innovation in Insurance report provides detailed analysis of the adoption and contribution of digital technology to the insurance industry globally. It provides: 
Comprehensive analysis of core digital technology such as social media, mobile technology, big data and cloud computing used in the insurance industry. 

$3,800.00 



Market Research Services World Report
MARKET RESEARCH SERVICES WORLD REPORT
The Market Research Services World Report gives Market Consumption / Products / Services for over 200 countries by 6 to 10-Digit NAICS Product Codes by 3 Time series: From 1997- 2015 and Forecasts 2016- 2023 & 2023-2028. 

$4,250.00 




 









Clients Who Trust Us

 











Need tailor made market research solution? We can help you with that too.

Contact Us










About Us

At Market Research Reports, Inc. we aim to make it easier for decision makers to find relevant information and locate right market research reports which can save their time and assist in what they do best, i.e. take time-critical decisions.
We work with our associate Global market research firms who are known leaders in their respective domains to obtain right market research solution for our customer’s needs, be it custom research or syndicated research reports.





Contact Us


Market Research Reports, Inc

















16192 Coastal Hwy
Lewes, DE 19958, USA
 USA: +1-302-703-9904
 India: +91-8762746600
 marketresearchreports
[email protected]
 




User login


Username *
 


Password *
 

Create new account
Request new password


Log in
 




Latest Blog Posts



  
 Investment Opportunities in Taiwan: Semiconductor, Chemical and Consumer Goods will Lead the Pack 

 Global Investment Opportunities in Ports and Terminals 
 
 


Stay Connected







 



Sign up to our newsletter:
Email Address *
 



Subscribe
 





 




Research Industries

Home
Automotive
Banking & Finance
Business & Government
Chemicals
Computing & Electronics
Consumer & Retail
Energy & Utilities
Food & Beverages
Industry & Manufacturing
Marketing & Advertising
Media
Pharma & Healthcare
Telecom
Transport
Travel & Leisure
 









Our Company

About Us
Publications By Country
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
 







© Copyright 2010-17 Market Research Reports, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. M Market Research Reports and the M Market Research Reports Logo are registered trademarks of Market Research Reports, Inc.
Disclaimer: Market Research Reports, Inc. has no affiliation to, and is not associated with any other website(s) or organization(s). We offer syndicated research reports (like country analysis, SWOT analysis, competitive intelligence, industry reports, company reports and market analysis & trends reports) and custom market research from our website MarketResearchReports.com only.
If you are looking for a market research solution for your research requirements, please begin your search using the search box on top of this page or use our chat system to speak to our market research consultants or directly write to us.
 










  NLSN:New York Stock Quote - Nielsen Holdings PLC - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Nielsen Holdings PLC   NLSN:US   New York        43.17USD   0.16   0.37%     As of 9:33 AM EDT 8/1/2017     Open   43.22    Day Range   43.13 - 43.22    Volume   57,007    Previous Close   43.01    52Wk Range   36.96 - 54.99    1 Yr Return   -17.24%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   43.22    Day Range   43.13 - 43.22    Volume   57,007    Previous Close   43.01    52Wk Range   36.96 - 54.99    1 Yr Return   -17.24%    YTD Return   2.91%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   26.59    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   1.62    Market Cap (b USD)   15.336    Shares Outstanding  (m)   356.577    Price/Sales (TTM)   2.40    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   3.16%        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.05%     Industry Commercial & Professional Services   % Price Change +0.35%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases    7/28/2017   Google Grabs Nielsen as Business Apps User From Microsoft     7/4/2017   Chinese Shoppers Are Turning Their Backs on Foreign Brands     10/25/2016   Nielsen (NLSN) Stock Plunges on Q3 Miss, Guidance  - The Street    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/27/2017   Nielsen Reports 2nd Quarter 2017 Results     7/26/2017   Turner and Nielsen Agree to Out-of-Home Measurement for CNN and Turner Sports     7/26/2017   Nielsen Brings Informed Decision Making To The Annual Price And Promotion Planning Process With Launch Of RMO Sales Planner     7/25/2017   The Conference Board Consumer Confidence Index Increased in July     7/25/2017   Hulu And YouTube TV Now Included In TV Ratings Announces Nielsen     7/25/2017   Nielsen and JD.com Collaborate on Multi-Touch Attribution Solution for Marketers     7/20/2017   Nielsen Declares Quarterly Dividend     7/20/2017   Video On Demand (VOD) Content Ratings Added To Media Impact Planning Solution By Nielsen     7/11/2017   Nielsen & Panoply Media Introduce First Audience Targeted Podcast Marketplace     7/10/2017   Nielsen and Tennis Channel Extend Agreement to Include National TV Ratings    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Nielsen Holdings PLC offers marketing services. The Company provides demand analysis, product development, sales measurement, price and trade promotion strategies, and product launch services. Nielsen Holdings serves customers worldwide.    Address  85 Broad StreetNew York, NY 10004United States   Phone  1-800-864-1224   Website   www.nielsen.com     Executives Board Members    Dwight M Barns "Mitch"  Chief Executive Officer    Stephen John Hasker "Steve"  Global President/COO    Giovanni Tavolieri  President:Operations      John Burbank   Pres:Corporate Development    Jamere Jackson  Chief Financial Officer     Show More         


Nielsen Holdings - Wikipedia






















 






Nielsen Holdings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Nielsen Holdings Plc)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Nielsen Norman Group.





This article reads like a press release or a news article and/or is entirely based on routine coverage. Please expand this article with properly sourced content to meet Wikipedia's quality standards, event notability guideline, and/or encyclopedic content policy. (December 2016)



Nielsen Holdings PLC





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: NLSN
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Media


Founded
August 24, 1923; 93 years ago (1923-08-24)


Founder
Arthur Nielsen


Headquarters
United Kingdom[1]



Key people

James Attwood
(Executive Chairman)[2]
Mitch Barns
(CEO)
Steve Hasker
(COO)[3]
Jamere Jackson
(CFO)[4]


Products
Consumer information
Consumer research
Market measurement


Revenue
$6.3 billion (2016)[5]



Net income

$502 million (2016)[5]



Number of employees

44,000 (2015)


Website
www.nielsen.com


Nielsen Holdings PLC (formerly known as Nielsen N.V.) is a global information, data, and measurement[6] company with headquarters in the United States. Nielsen operates in over 100 countries and employs approximately 44,000 people worldwide. Total revenues were $6.2 billion in 2015.[5]
The company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and is currently a component of the S&P 500.[6]
In 2016, American Marketing Association ranked Nielsen number 1 among top 50 Market Research Firms in the United States.[7]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Formation
1.2 Merger and listing


2 Company information

2.1 What consumers Buy
2.2 What consumers Watch


3 Company history

3.1 Arthur C. Nielsen and the invention of "Market Share"
3.2 Radio and television
3.3 Private equity
3.4 Becoming a public company
3.5 Mergers, acquisitions, strategic alliances and divestitures


4 Key competitors
5 Corporate affairs and culture
6 References
7 External links



History[edit]
Formation[edit]
Nielsen was founded in 1923 by Arthur C. Nielsen, Sr., who invented an approach to measuring competitive sales results that made the concept of “market share” a practical management tool. The Company was originally incorporated in the Netherlands and later was purchased on May 24, 2006 by a consortium of private equity firms (collectively, the “Sponsors”).[6]
Merger and listing[edit]
In January 2011, Nielsen consummated an initial public offering of common stock and, subsequently, shares started trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “NLSN”.[6] On August 31, 2015, Nielsen N.V., a Dutch public company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, merged with Nielsen Holdings plc, by way of a cross-border merger under the European Cross-Border Merger Directive, with Nielsen Holdings plc being the surviving company (the “Merger”).[6] The Merger effectively changed the place of incorporation of Nielsen’s publicly traded parent holding company from the Netherlands to England and Wales, with no changes made to the business being conducted by Nielsen prior to the Merger.[6]
Company information[edit]
Headquartered in the United States,[1] Nielsen is a leading[8] global, independent measurement and data company for fast-moving consumer goods, consumer behavior, and media. With a presence in more than 100 countries and services covering more than 90% of the globe's GDP and population, Nielsen provides clients with a comprehensive understanding of what consumers watch (programming, advertising) and what they buy (categories, brands, products) on a global and local basis and how those choices intersect.[9]
The company's operations span developing and emerging markets worldwide, in more than 100 countries. According to SEC records, on February 26, 2015, Nielsen N.V., announced that its Board of Directors unanimously approved a proposal that resulted in a change in location of the company's headquarters, from the Netherlands to the United Kingdom. Upon approval, the company became incorporated under English law and was registered as a public limited company to be named Nielsen Holdings PLC.[10]
James Attwood Jr. is Nielsen's Executive Chairman,[2] and Mitch Barns is Nielsen's Chief Executive Officer. James Attwood succeeded Dave Calhoun as Executive Chairman in January 2016. Prior to joining Nielsen as CEO in 2006, Dave Calhoun served as Vice Chairman of The General Electric Company and President and Chief Executive Officer of GE Infrastructure, the largest of six GE business units. He served as Nielsen CEO from to 2006 to 2014, when he was succeeded by Barns.[11] Barns joined Nielsen in 1997 and has held various roles in Europe, Asia, and North America leading major parts of the business.[12]
While the Nielsen brand is most often associated with television ratings, those TV ratings services comprise approximately one-quarter of the company's business and revenues. After substantial work to simplify the company over the last several years, Nielsen today aligns its business into two reporting segments: Buy (consumer purchasing measurement and analytics) and Watch (media audience measurement and analytics).[13] The company measures performance, and helps clients improve and strengthen their market positions and identify opportunities for profitable growth with the use of its deep data assets and rich insights.
What consumers Buy[edit]
Nielsen's Buy segment (approx. 55% of global revenues) primarily helps packaged goods companies and retailers (and Wall Street analysts) understand what consumers are buying in terms of categories, brands and products. The company’s aim is to measure all consumer purchases as buying behavior continues to fragment across channels and segments.[9] For example, it is Nielsen's data that measures how much Diet Coke vs. Diet Pepsi is sold in stores, or how much Crest versus Colgate toothpaste is sold. Nielsen accomplishes this by purchasing and analyzing huge amounts of retail data that measures what is being sold in the store, and then combines it with household panel data that captures everything that is brought into the home. These measures of sales performance also fuel a range of forward-looking analytics to help clients improve the precision and efficiency of their advertising spending, maximize the impact of their promotion budgets and optimize their product assortment. They also can provide insights into how changes in product offerings, pricing or marketing would change sales. Major clients include The Coca-Cola Company, Nestlé S.A., The Procter & Gamble Company, Unilever Group, and Walmart. While the United States is the company’s largest market, Nielsen is a global company. In the Buy business, it covers 106 countries representing more than 90% of the world’s population.[9]
What consumers Watch[edit]
Nielsen's Watch segment (approx. 45% of global revenues) primarily measures what consumers are watching (and listening to) across most devices: TV, radio, computers, mobile, over-the-top, etc. The company measures consumption of programming and advertising across all distribution points. The market is in the middle of an important transition: Consumers have a growing array of options for viewing their favorite content, and this is fundamentally changing the businesses of television, advertising and measurement. Nielsen’s Total Audience Measurement system[14] enables media companies and advertisers to make the most of the evolving media landscape, providing them with a comprehensive view of their audience for both ads and content, in the form of independent, comparable, de-duplicated measurement across all screens and platforms. Nielsen's ratings are used by advertisers and networks to shape the buying and selling of advertising. Major clients include CBS, NBC Universal, News Corporation, and The Walt Disney Company.[15] Nielsen’s Watch business measures media in 47 countries that together represent approximately 80% of global advertising spending. Nielsen’s digital audience measurement capability is a rapidly growing part of this footprint.[9]
Company history[edit]
Arthur C. Nielsen and the invention of "Market Share"[edit]
Arthur C. Nielsen founded the AC Nielsen Company in August 1923[16][17] with the idea of selling engineering performance surveys. It was the first company to offer market research.[18] The company expanded its business in 1932 by creating a retail index that tracked the flow of food and drug purchases. This was the first retail measurement of its kind and for the first time allowed a company to determine its "share" of the market—the origination of the concept of "market share"[18] Arthur C. Nielsen is credited with coining this business term.
Radio and television[edit]
In 1936, Arthur C. Nielsen acquired the Audimeter, which measured which radio stations a radio had been tuned to during the day. After tinkering with the device for a few years, the company created a national radio rating service in 1942.[19] The company collected information on which stations were tuned to in 1,000 homes. Then, this survey data was sold to manufacturers who were interested in the popularity of programs and demographic information about listeners for advertising purposes. This was the birth of audience measurement that would become the most well-known part of Nielsen’s business when applied to television.[19] Today, these are commonly referred to as "Nielsen ratings".
The company began measuring television audiences in 1950, at a time when the medium was just getting off the ground. Just as with radio, a sampling of homes across the U.S. was used to develop ratings. This information was collected on a device that was attached to a television that recorded what was being watched. In 1953, the company began sending out diaries to a smaller sample of homes ("Nielsen families") within the survey to have them record what they had watched.[18] This data was put together with information from the devices. This combination of data allowed the company to statistically estimate the number of Americans watching TV and the demographic breakdown of viewers.[18] This became an important tool for advertisers and networks.
In the 1980s, the company launched a new measurement device known as the "people meter". The device resembles a remote control with buttons for each individual family member and extras for guests. Viewers push a button to signify when they are in the room and push it again when they leave, even if the TV is still on. This form of measurement was intended to provide a more accurate picture of who was watching and when.[20]
In July 2008,[21] Nielsen released the first in a series of quarterly reports, detailing video and TV usage across the ‘three screens’ – Television, Internet and Mobile devices. The A2/M2 Three Screen Report also includes trends in timeshifted viewing behavior and its relationship to online video viewing, a demographic breakdown of mobile video viewers and DVR penetration.
On Sept. 30, 2016,[22] Nielsen made its Digital Content Ratings available in full syndication for clients.
On Sept. 9, 2016,[23] Nielsen announced that it will retire its paper TV diaries by mid-2017 and provide all electronic measurement in its local television ratings.
Private equity[edit]
Nielsen was acquired by the Dun & Bradstreet Company in 1984.[24] In 1996, D&B divided the company into two separate companies: Nielsen Media Research, which was responsible for TV ratings, and AC Nielsen, which was responsible for consumer shopping trends and box-office data.[25] In 1999, Nielsen Media Research was acquired by the Dutch publishing company VNU (Verenigde Nederlandse Uitgeverijen).[26] VNU later acquired AC Nielsen and recombined the two businesses in 2001. In between, VNU sold off its newspaper properties to Wegener and its consumer magazines to Sanoma. The company's publishing arm also owned several publications including The Hollywood Reporter and Billboard magazine. VNU combined the Nielsen properties with other research and data collection units including BASES, Claritas, HCI and Spectra. VNU also acquired companies that added to its measurement capabilities.
Becoming a public company[edit]
Nielsen was a private company from 2006 through 2011. On January 25, 2011 the company listed itself on the New York Stock Exchange and issued an Initial Public Offering (IPO) that raised $1.8 billion in the largest private equity-backed U.S. IPO since 2006.[27]
Mergers, acquisitions, strategic alliances and divestitures[edit]
In 2004, Nielsen began a joint venture called AGB Nielsen Media Research with WPP Group's AGB Group, a European competitor which provides similar services.[28]
In 2006, VNU acquired a majority stake in Buzzmetrics, a company which measures consumer-generated media online. Under the new ownership, Nielsen bought the remaining shares of the company in 2007.[29] In the same year, Nielsen acquired Telephia, which measures mobile media,[30] and Bilesim Medya, a Turkish advertising intelligence firm.[31]
In 2006, VNU was acquired by a group of six private equity firms: the American Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, Thomas H. Lee Partners, Blackstone Group, Carlyle Group and Hellman & Friedman, and Dutch equity firm AlpInvest Partners[32] for £5bn.[33] In the same year, the group hired David L. Calhoun, formerly of General Electric, as CEO.[34] He renamed VNU as The Nielsen Company in 2007.
In 2006, VNU sold its business publications division for €320m (£210m) to venture capital group 3i, which then sold the UK division (VNU Business Publications Ltd) to Incisive Media.[33]
June 28, 2007, Nielsen acquires Telephia, the leading provider of syndicated consumer research to the telecom and mobile media markets. This transaction will accelerate Nielsen’s strategy of providing clients worldwide with the most accurate measurement and analysis of consumer behavior and media use across all platforms.[35]
In 2008, Nielsen acquired IAG Research which measures viewer engagement with TV commercials.[36] The same year, Nielsen made a strategic investment in NeuroFocus, a California firm applying neuroscience brainwave techniques for consumer research. The firm was later fully acquired by Nielsen in 2011[37] In 2009 and 2010, Nielsen sold its business magazines; its well-known entertainment properties went to the new company e5 Global Media.
In 2009, Nielsen acquired The Cambridge Group, a management consulting firm headquartered in Chicago. The Cambridge Group works with CEOs and top management teams to drive growth. The firm researches latent and emerging consumer demand, and applies the information to product, service and marketing innovation.
In June 2010, Nielsen paired with McKinsey & Company to create the social media consulting company NM Incite.[38][39] NM Incite had operations in 13 global markets, including: US, UK, Germany, Spain, Italy, Australia, New Zealand, China, Japan, India, Brazil, Canada and Korea.[40]
In August 2011, Nielsen acquired Marketing Analytics, Inc. The acquisition strengthened Nielsen's marketing ROI and marketing mix capabilities.[citation needed]
In February 2012, Nielsen launched The Demand Institute in collaboration with The Conference Board. The Demand Institute is a non-profit, non-advocacy organization focused on helping business and government leaders understand how consumer demand is evolving and shifting around the world.
In July 2012, Nielsen acquired the advertising tech company Vizu. The acquisition was made so that Nielsen can better analyze the effectiveness of online advertisement.[41]
November 12, 2012, Nielsen acquired SocialGuide, a leading provider of social TV measurement, analytics and audience engagement solutions.[42]
On December 17, 2012, Nielsen disclosed that it would acquire Arbitron, a company primarily involved in radio audience measurement, for $1.3 billion. The successful acquisition completed on September 30, 2013.[43]
On June 17, 2013, Nielsen announced that Onex Corp (TSX: OCX) had completed the acquisition of Nielsen Expositions for $950 million in cash consideration. Nielsen Expositions operated tradeshows in the United States. The company was renamed Emerald Expositions Inc. after the transaction.
On February 3, 2014, Nielsen announced the acquisition of Harris Interactive, Inc. (NASDAQ:HPOL). This allowed Nielsen to take ownership of The Harris Poll.[44]
February 26, 2014, Nielsen acquires Nexium, a leader in retail in-store execution and sales analytics.[45]
On September 18, 2014 Nielsen announced the acquisition of Indicus Analytics Pvt Ltd. This helped Nielsen to grow footprints in micromarkets & economics
On October 8, 2014, Nielsen acquired Affinnova, an international media and marketing research firm. The Affinnova team joins Nielsen's legacy BASES team to form Nielsen’s Innovation Practice area[46]
January 22, 2015, Nielsen acquires Brandbank, established world leader specialized in the process of digitally collecting, managing and distributing FMCG product and brand image content for retail syndication across in-store, print promotional and e-commerce platforms.[47]
On March 4, 2015, Nielsen announced the acquisition of Exelate, a provider of data and technology to facilitate the buying and selling of advertising across programmatic platforms.[48]
On May 27, 2015, Nielsen acquired Innerscope Research, which specialized in consumer neuroscience using biometrics, eye tracking and facial coding. Nielsen renamed its combined offering as Nielsen Consumer Neuroscience, and named Dr. Carl Marci as Chief Neuroscientist.[49]
March 3, 2016, Nielsen acquires Pointlogic, a global leader in marketing decision support systems that improve precision and allocation through innovative software.[50]
On March 10, 2016, Nielsen acquired Mumbai-based mobile usage measurer Informate Mobile Intelligence for an undisclosed amount, in a move that will help the US consumer research company improve mobile measurement globally.[51]
June 21, 2016, Nielsen acquired Repucom, the global leader in sports measurement, evaluation and intelligence, expanding the company’s sports offerings globally, making the company the premier provider of analytics and insights within the growing sports industry.[52]
On Dec. 20, 2016,[53] Nielsen announced its agreement with Tribune Media Company to purchase Gracenote, a provider of media and entertainment metadata.
On Jan. 5, 2017,[54] The Carlyle Group acquired Claritas from Nielsen.
On Jan. 23, 2017,[55] the Stagwell Group announced that it acquired Nielsen's Harris brand and the Harris Poll through its Stagwell Media LLC.
In February 2017, Nielsen acquired Rhiza, Inc., a Pittsburgh-based media and consumer analytics software firm.
Key competitors[edit]
In retail measurement, Nielsen’s principal competitor in developed markets is Information Resources, Inc. In its consumer panel services and analytics services businesses, globally, competitors include GfK, Ipsos, Kantar and local companies in individual countries.
In U.S. television audience measurement, Nielsen’s competitors include Rentrak and TiVo. Nielsen’s principal competitor in television audience measurement outside of the United States is Kantar, with companies such as GfK and Ipsos also providing competition in select individual countries. Nielsen’s primary competitor in digital audience and campaign measurement solutions in the United States is comScore.
In audio audience measurement, which is predominantly a U.S. business, Nielsen’s principal competitors include Triton and Kantar.
Corporate affairs and culture[edit]
FIFA has signed up with Nielsen to provide official market research for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup and the 2018 FIFA World Cup.[56]
References[edit]


^ a b Nielsen Proposes To Move Incorporation From Netherlands To United Kingdom Feb. 26, 2015
^ a b Nielsen Board Of Directors Elects James A. Attwood, Jr. Chairman Jan. 4, 2016
^ Lynch, Jason Nielsen's New COO Explains Why Total Audience Measurement Is Taking So Long AdWeek. March 24, 2016
^ Nielsen Announces Management Changes February 24, 2014
^ a b c "Nielsen Holdings plc - Nielsen Reports 4th Quarter And Full Year 2016 Results;". Ir.nielsen.com. Retrieved 2017-05-25. 
^ a b c d e f "Nielsen 2015 Annual Report" (PDF). Nielsen Holdings PLC. Retrieved 24 October 2016. 
^ "The AMA Gold Report: 2016 Top 50 Market Research Firms". American Marketing Association. Retrieved 24 October 2016. 
^ "Nielsen named #1 of Top 50 largest market research firms in the world; American Marketing Association 2011 Honomichl Report" (PDF). Marketingpower.com. June 20, 2012. 
^ a b c d Nielsen 2015 Annual Report
^ SEC Record February 26, 2015
^ Thielman, Sam (6 Nov 2013). "Nielsen's Own Mitch Barns Will Succeed Outside Hire David Calhoun as CEO". AdWeek. Retrieved 7 May 2016. 
^ Industry Veteran Mitch Barns To Be Nielsen’s Next Chief Executive Officer November 6, 2013
^ SEC Annual Report
^ Total Audience Measurement
^ Nielsen 10-K Report 2011 February 22, 2012
^ "Nielsen Company 90 Years Celebration Reception In Chicago Wednesday August 21 - And The Ordinary People Said". ChicagoNow. 2013-08-20. Retrieved 2016-04-12. 
^ "Nielsen Celebrates Chicago Roots with 90th Anniversary Party - Splash Magazines - Los Angeles". Lasplash. 2013-08-20. Retrieved 2016-04-12. 
^ a b c d Gillespie, Mary. "Nielsen makes viewers count by watching them watch TV." Chicago Sun-Times, April 9, 1989
^ a b Basler, Barbara. "A.C. Nielsen, Who Devised System That Rates TV Programs, Dead." The New York Times, June 4, 1980
^ Kaplan, Peter W. "Nielsen to Try New Audience-Survey Device." The New York Times, October 16, 1985
^ "Whichever Screen, People Are Watching". The New York Times. Retrieved 2015-11-30. 
^ "Nielsen Launches Digital Content Ratings". Nielsen.com. 2016-09-27. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 
^ "Nielsen to Deliver All-Electronic Measurement to Local TV Markets in 2017 and Retire Paper TV Diaries in 140 Local Markets". Nielsen.com. 2016-09-14. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 
^ [1][dead link]
^ Deogun, Nikhil. "VNU Nears Deal to Acquire ACNielsen." The Wall Street Journal, December 18, 2000
^ Pope, Kyle. "VNU to Buy Nielsen Media for $2.5 Billion — Accord to Help Dutch Firm Speed Up Its Transition To Information Concern." The Wall Street Journal, August 17, 1999
^ Spears, Lee (January 26, 2011). "Nielsen Holdings, Demand Media Shares Gain After IPOs". Bloomberg. 
^ "AGBNielsen Research created". WPP. Retrieved 2015-11-30. 
^ [2] Archived June 9, 2008, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Dickson, Glen and Eggerton, John. "Nielsen Closes on Telephia Deal". Broadcasting & Cable August 10, 2007
^ Plunket, Jack W. (2008). Plunkett's Advertising and Branding Industry Almanac 2008: Advertising and Branding Industry Market Research, Statistics, Trends and Leading Companies. Plunkett Research, Ltd. ISBN 1-59392-109-8. 
^ Singer, Jason and Berman, Dennis K. "VNU Gets Board Approval for Sale To Group of Private-Equity Firms." The Wall Street Journal, March 8, 2006
^ a b Incisive to buy VNU Business Publications, The Daily Telegraph, February 6, 2007
^ Siklos, Richard. "Made to Measure". Fortune, February 20, 2008
^ Nielsen Completes Acquisition of Telephia, Inc. PR Newswire, August 10, 2007
^ Elliott, Stuart. "Nielsen’s Latest Purchase is Audience Research Firm". The New York Times, April 8, 2008
^ Holmes,Gary (February 7, 2008). "Nielsen Makes Strategic Investment in NeuroFocus, an Innovative Leader in Neuromarketing Research". Nielsen Media Research
^ [3] Archived July 1, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Zach Hofer-Shall "Nielsen Joins Forces With McKinsey For Social Intelligence Consulting" "Forrester Blogs" June 14, 2010
^ [4] Archived August 18, 2010, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Ha, Anthony. July 2, 2012. "Nielsen Acquires Vizu To Measure Online Ad Effectiveness"
^ Nielsen, NM Incite Acquire Socialguide November 12, 2012
^ "NIELSEN ACQUIRES ARBITRON". Nielsen. Retrieved 30 September 2013. 
^ "Harris Interactive Joins Nielsen". Nielsen.com. Retrieved 2015-11-30. 
^ Nielsen Bolsters Shopper Marketing Credentials With Acquisition Of Nexium February 26, 2014
^ "Nielsen Acquires Affinnova". The Nielsen Company. Retrieved 27 May 2015. 
^ Nielsen Acquires Brandbank January 22, 2015
^ "Nielsen Acquires Exelate". The Nielsen Company. Retrieved 4 Aug 2015. 
^ Dooley, Roger. "Nielsen Doubles Down On Neuro". Retrieved 2015-09-30. 
^ Nielsen Acquires Pointlogic March 3, 2016
^ Nielsen buys Mumbai-based mobile usage measurer Informate Mobile Intelligence March 10, 2016
^ Nielsen Completes Acquisition Of Repucom June 21, 2016
^ "Nielsen Acquires Gracenote". Nielsen.com. 2016-12-20. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 
^ [5][dead link]
^ "Stagwell Media LLC To Relaunch Harris Brand, Including The Harris Poll". Prnewswire.com. 2017-03-16. Retrieved 2017-06-16. 
^ "Nielsen to provide official market research for the FIFA Confederations Cup 2017 and 2018 FIFA World Cup". FIFA. Retrieved 24 October 2016. 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Nielsen Holdings: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



Nielsen Wire - Nielsen news blog
Nielsen 90 Year Timeline







v
t
e


Nielsen Company



Units



Nielsen Consumer
Nielsen Media Research
Nielsen Online
Nielsen Moblie
Nielsen Business Media
Gracenote





Services



Nielsen BookScan
Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems
Nielsen SoundScan
Nielsen VideoScan












v
t
e


The Carlyle Group






William E. Conway, Jr.
Daniel A. D'Aniello
David Rubenstein








Aerospace
Defense






ARINC
AsiaSat
Combined Systems
DHS Technologies
Sequa
Wesco Aircraft





Transportation



Allison Transmission
Diversified Machine, Inc.
Hertz
Metaldyne
TrenStar
United Components
United Road Towing








Consumer
Retail






Alliance Boots
American Achievement Corporation
Arabela
Babela's Kitchen
Britax Childcare
CVC
Chimney
Dio Coffee
Ellassay
Hao Yue
iTour
Kaiyuan
Mattress Giant
McDonald's China & HK (20%)
Moncler
Natural Beauty
NeWorld
NBTY
Orizonia
Philosophy
Targus
Xtep
Yashili








Energy
Power






4Gas
Bottle Rock Power
CDM MAX
CDM Resource Management
CNAA
China Recycling Energy Group
Coastal Carolina Clean Power
Cobalt International Energy
Collingwood Ethanol
Ensus
Foresight Reserves
Green Earth Fuels
HongHua
Hudson Products
International Logging
Kinder Morgan
Legend Natural Gas II
Legend Natural Gas III
Moreno Group
Niska Gas Storage
Permian Tank & Manufacturing
Phoenix Exploration Company
Quorum Business Solutions
Red Technology Alliance
Stallion Oilfield Services
Targe Energy
Titan Specialties
Topaz Power Group
Vantage Energy
Voice Construction





Financial services



Butterfield
BankUnited
Boston Private
FN STARS
Repco Home Finance
Ta Chong Bank





Healthcare



Acufocus
Alliance Boots
BioReliance
Cellutions
Claris Lifesciences
Concord Medical Service
ConvaTec
eScreen
Forba
HCR Manor Care
Healthscope
LifeCare Hospitals
Marle
Medical Park
MultiPlan
NeoVista
PixelOptics
Proteus Biomedical
Qualicaps





Industrial



Anxin Flooring
AZ Electronic Materials
AvanStrate
China Agritech
China Forestry Holdings
CPIC Fiberglass
Coates
Comark
General Lighting
Goodman
H.C. Starck
HD Supply
Hawkeye
International Aluminum Corporation
John Maneely Company
Kito
RHI
Otor
PQ Corporation
Rising Sun Bio
Sinorgchem
Specialty Manufacturing
TVK Shipyard
Taylor-Wharton International
Veyance Technologies
Wastequip





Infrastructure



Connecticut Service Plazas
ITS Technologies & Logistics
Illinois Central School Bus
Synagro





Real estate



B&B Hotels






Technical and
business services




ACIS
AZ Electronic Materials
Air2Web
Allsec Technologies
Apollo Global
Applied Systems
Applus+
Archive Systems
Arsys
Authentix
bigmouthmedia
Booz Allen Hamilton
Broadleaf
CPU Technology
Offshore Incorporations
Catapult Learning
Cellutions
Centrata
Sunco
Command Information
Companeo
CompuDyne
Covalent
Orienwise
eBis
Elitecore
eScreen
Flexcom
Freescale Semiconductor
Gemcom
Great Offshore
HDFC
Huaya Microelectronics
Infomax
KCS.net
LPL Financial
Ness
Newgen
NineYou
Nitride Semiconductor
Open Solutions
OpenLink Financial
Panasas
Personal & Informatik
Proteus Biomedical
Quorum Business Solutions
REVShare
RMI
Rhythm NewMedia
SS&C Technologies
SchoolNet
Solsoft
SuperCircuits
TOPIA
Talaris
TradeBeam
TrenStar
UC4 Software
Viator
ZCom








Telecom
Media






Actelis Networks
bigmouthmedia
Com Hem
CommScope
Eastern Broadcasting Company
Focus Media
Hawaiian Telcom
HealthCentral
Hyundai Communications & Network
kbro
The Mill
Nielsen
Numericable
REVShare








Companies portal






 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Nielsen_Holdings&oldid=791401578"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeBusiness services companies established in 1923Marketing research companies of the United StatesMagazine publishing companies of the United StatesCompanies based in New York City2011 initial public offeringsHolding companies established in 1923Hidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from November 2015Webarchive template wayback linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with a promotional tone from December 2016All articles with a promotional tonePages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoNederlandsNorsk bokmålPortuguêsRomânăРусскийУкраїнськаTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 20 July 2017, at 01:12.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








	Nielsen Holdings plc - Investor Relations - Home









































United States


Client Login



















:
43.01

 +0.00















Investors







































Stock Quote
$

43.01
+0.00
(+0%)
Volume
5,984,700

July 31, 2017





Email Alerts



Email


*








Mailing Lists
*






Press Release

SEC Filing

Presentation

Event

EOD Stock Quote

Financial Report










 





Enter the code shown above.



*













Contact IR


Nielsen Holdings plc
85 Broad Street 
New York, NY 10004 
+1.800.864.1224 

Nielsen Investor Relations 
+1.646.654.4602 
ir@nielsen.com





Corporate Profile


With presence in 100+ countries, Nielsen's mission is to provide clients with the most complete understanding of what consumers watch and buy. The consumer's world is changing at an unprecedented speed where media and commerce are colliding. We are focused on innovating to stay ahead of evolving market trends, allowing us to provide our clients with usable, practical and meaningful tools that help them make strategic business decisions every day. Nielsen is uniquely positioned to drive performance management solutions for our clients around the globe...more

Normal



Press Releases


View All


07.27.2017
Nielsen Reports 2nd Quarter 2017 Results






07.26.2017
Turner and Nielsen Agree to Out-of-Home Measurement for CNN and Turner Sports














Events



Upcoming Events
Past Events




07.27.2017

Q2 2017 Nielsen Holdings plc Earnings Conference Call



Webcast




Presentation
                                        (
                                            PDF
632 KB
                                        )
                                    



Transcript
                                        (
                                            PDF
340 KB
                                        )
                                    







06.29.2017

Bernstein Future of Media Summit



Webcast




Transcript
                                        (
                                            PDF
271 KB
                                        )
                                    







06.06.2017

Baird’s 2017 Global Consumer, Technology & Services Conference 



Webcast




Transcript
                                        (
                                            PDF
255 KB
                                        )
                                    






View All








Market Summary

Stock Quote: NYSE




Trading Symbol
NLSN


Change ($)
+0.00




Exchange
NYSE


Change (%)
+0%




Stock Quote ($)
43.01


Volume
5,984,700



				As of July 31, 2017 05:00 PM Minimum 20 minutes delay.























Company Info

About Nielsen
Investor Relations
Nielsen Families
Responsibility & Sustainability
Press Room
Careers
Contact Us




Insights

Newswire
Reports
News Center
Top 10 & Trends
How We Measure
Webinars & Events
Newsletter Sign-up




Solutions

Advertising Effectiveness
Audience Measurement
Marketing ROI
Price and Promotion
Product Development
Reputation Management
Shopper






























Privacy Statement
|
Terms of Use
|
Site Map




        Copyright © 2017 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved.
    


Powered By Q4 Inc. 4.5.0.5
















