

Welcome to Gulf International Chemicals (SAOG) - About Us








New Page 1















 



Mission/
                      Vision



Company's
                      Profile



Board of
                      Directors



Approvals



GIC Team
















New Page 1















New Page 1





About Us
Our
                  Products
Projects


What's New
Contact Us 
Home






















 


Company
                            Profile
 


                            GIC manufactures and supplies a proven range of 
							construction chemicals meeting international 
							standards, for the building and construction 
							industries. The quality of the products & services 
							is maintained and assured by the internal & external 
							test programs.

							GIC is oriented to give prompt attention and 
							technical services to Customer requirements and 
							satisfaction. GIC understands the technical needs of 
							various aspects of Construction technology and 
							offers sound and viable solutions to meet them.

							GIC operates to high standards of quality assurance 
							of products at every process stage. Traceable batch 
							numbering system assures quick and timely response. 
							Qualified & experienced technical personnel in 
							Research & Development functions ensure application 
							and market driven product developments, to meet the 
							customer expectations.
 

Name:

Gulf International 
								Chemicals SAOG



                                  Brand Name:

TufBond



                                  Nature of Activity:

Manufacturer and 
								Supplier of Building & Construction Chemicals



                                  Year of Establishment:
  1996



                                  Incorporated:
  Sultanate of Oman



                                  Affiliations:

Capital Market 
								Authority, Oman



                                  Paid up Capital:

$ 2.9 Million



                                  Registration  Nos.:

C R 1/53435/1


Address:

P O Box 132, P C 
								124 Rusayl Industrial Estate, Sultanate of Oman


Office
                                  & Factory Location:

Road No 7, Plot No 
								68, Rusayl Industrial Estate


Bankers:

Bank Muscat & Oman 
								Arab Bank


Telephone
                                  numbers:

00968-24446800, 
								24446882, 24446244


Fax number:

00968-24446808, 
								24446556


E Mail:
info@gicoman.com


Contact Persons:

  Mohamed Al Fadhil - CEO
								Shine Pillai – Sr. Sales Manager (U.A.E) Remesh 
								- Technical Sales Manager (Oman)



Manufacturing 
                            capability:

International Chemicals was established in the 
							year 1996. GIC is in the business of manufacturing 
							and supplying of Construction Chemicals in Sultanate 
							of Oman, and exporting them to various countries.

							GIC manufacturing base is spread over an area of 
							6000 sq.mt and is setup in Oman at Rusayl Industrial 
							Area. The factory is geared up for production of 
							powder products in excess of 22,500 MT / annum and 
							for Admixture & other liquids; the factory has a 
							capacity to produce in excess of 10 million Liters / 
							annum.
							In addition to this, GIC Factory located at Sharjah 
							Industrial Area, UAE has a capacity to produce 27 
							million liters of Admixtures per annum to cater the 
							needs of Ready mix concrete industry. 

							GIC Products are approved by various ministries in 
							Oman and enjoy a fair amount of confidence with all 
							leading Consultants & Specifiers. The retail segment 
							in local markets is well covered and caters through 
							nearly 35 outlets who stock / supply GIC Products to 
							local needs. GIC Products are available across Oman 
							to Salalah, Batinah regions, Sharqiya region, 
							Dhakiliya region, Muscat etc…

Projects in Oman & 
							UAE

							GIC caters to all the local markets (Oman & UAE) in 
							Civil Engineering and Construction field and 
							Building infrastructure and thus is a part of 
							various prestigious Projects like:



Buildings:

Projects:




Grand Mosque, 
								Muscat 
Dibba 
								Hospital, Oman
Royal 
								Hospital, Muscat 
Al Kahal 
								Hospital 
Bait Al Barka 
								Guest Palace 
City Centre 
								(Oman)
Seeb Mall 
								(Oman)
Jumeirah Lake 
								Tower, Dubai
Discovery 
								Gardens – Mogul Gardens, UAE
Al Manara 
								Towers, UAE
Hyatt Regency 
								Hotel, Muscat
Green 
								Communities West Villas & Buildings, UAE
Al Quoz 
								Jumeirah International Staff Accomadation, UAE




RAFO Air base at 
								Thumrait, Oman
Sohar Port 
Airport 
								Hanger-Seeb 
RAFO Air base 
								GT Khasab 
Fisheries 
Ibri Stadium, 
								Oman 
Al Kamil Power 
								Station, Oman
Al Ashkara 
								Fishery Harbour 
Sur LNG 
								project 
Salalah Port 
King Abdul 
								Aziz Road, UAE
King Faisal 
								Square Interchange
Dubai 
								Industrial City – Labour City 1 & 2
Ash’Sharqiyah 
								Sands Water supply Scheme, Oman




International 
                            Presence:

                            GIC exports to various GCC countries like Dubai, 
							Qatar, Bahrain, Abu Dhabi and to South Africa and 
							South-East Asian Countries like Hong-Kong, Singapore 
							etc.
							GIC has established local representations in Iran, 
							Iraq and India for more expansion and growth.

							Future markets are being explored for the business 
							prospects

 













 






OMASCO Website










   















































































































  



































































When you take a look at the magnificent range of rolex replica on sale, you are bound to be astounded by the sheer brilliance of the collection. One of the widest ranges of replica watches are available right here¡ªWatchcopiez, and are undoubtedly the most loyalty inspiring brands in the world. When someone buys rolex replica and gets used to it, he gets used to it for life! It is extremely difficult to get a person wearing a replica watches sale to move out of the brand and shift to something else. The reason is simple. rolex replica sale have a spectacular personality and they exude confidence, charm and manliness. Take for instance the replica watches sale.






Al Bahja Group



























 
                         














 Tel   
              :(+968) 24503752/24503753

                             Fax  :(+968) 24503754
               Factory

                             Tel   :(+968) 26861421/26860272
 Fax  :(+968) 26861612
 E-mail
                            :packltd@omantel.net.om




















Established
                      in 1981, Packaging Company Ltd. (SAOG) is a leading
                      manufacturer of corrugated cartons in the Sultanate of
                      Oman. The company was setup at a time, when there were no
                      specialized companies in Oman catering to the packaging
                      needs of the Sultanate.

We
                      are today, pioneers in the field of manufacturing
                      corrugated cartons in 3ply and 5ply with B, C, E & F
                      Flutes for varied purposes.











Since
                      our inception, we have grown to become one of the leading
                      manufacturers of corrugated carton boxes in the Gulf
                      region.
In
                      this fast changing economy, business packaging has a vital
                      role to play in the efficient and safe delivery of goods
                      to the end user. A well-packaged product is sometimes the
                      difference between an average product and a great product.
                      Good, attractive and robust packaging nonetheless leaves a
                      lasting impression on the buyer, irrespective of the
                      content.
We
                      have customers not only in the Sultanate of Oman but also
                      in all other G.C.C countries, and also Korea and Iraq. Our
                      local market share is about 60%. No customer is too big or
                      too small for us. Our goal is to provide our customers
                      with right product at the right price at the right time.








We
                have modern computerized machinery imported from Taiwan &
                Japan and we use the best raw materials available in the world.
                With an experienced staff and skilled workers, we are able to
                maintain the best quality across all processes. We are the only
                company in the Sultanate of Oman to offer micro flute packaging
                to our customers in addition to B,C&E Flutes. We are further
                planning to expand our business to countries like South Africa,
                Iraq, Iran and Yemen.





Our
                basic raw materials are imported from different countries and
                include paper like Kraft liner, Fluting, Test liner, White Top
                Kraft liner and White Top Test liner. The raw materials are in
                the form of reels are converted into board by special machines
                called ‘Corrugators’. With the help of powerful adhesives
                the papers are laminated to make 3 ply or 5 ply sheets. These
                sheets are then printed as per the requirements of the clients
                after which they reach the Folder Gluer machine to be formed
                into the finished carton. Irregular shaped cartons if produced
                are finally fed through die punch machine where they are
                rectified to meet the exact specifications of the client.
We
                also have a Quality Control lab to cross verify specifications
                and to benchmark the quality of raw materials and final
                products. For Artwork, negatives and making printing blocks, we
                have the most sophisticated design Studio inside the factory.
For printing, we have a computerized 5
                Color Printing Inline machine, which is able to meet a variety
                of complex printing requirements. By having everything under one
                roof, we considerably manage to cut costs and pass it onto our
                loyal clients.

                Most of our machinery is state of the art and fully
                computerized. We are also an eco-friendly company emphasizing on
                raw material conservation and minimizing wastage. The paper we
                use is recyclable and our auto waste collection system ensures
                that all waste is sent for reprocessing.
                 









Copyright
            Al Bahja Group of Companies















Import And Export Company in Oman,Wholesale Marketing Services Oman 




























Translate















Category









                      
Advanced Search













Home

About Us

Businesses

Product Range

Career

Media

Contact us




 Wholesale
Retail 
Special Project 

















Welcome To Babil International LLC 

Babil International LLC was established in April 1991 as an import and export company based at the Sultanate of Oman. The imports were started mainly from China, India and also from neighbouring GCC countries. Later the business was enhanced by establishing imports from many other countries like Germany, Malaysia, Indonesia, U K, Singapore, Cyprus, Iran, Brazil, Turkey, Italy, and Greece. Presently Babil International LLC is a group of companies equipped to cater the needs of the modern Oman through its range of products and services by establishing itself as one of the most dynamic business group in the sultanate with a well-trained and efficient work force. The assiduity of the efficient and hardworking team made the company a propelling growth within a short span of time.   With the annual turnover of 12 Million Riyal Omani, Babil group has diversified in to several…

Read More














Wholesale Division
    Wholesale Marketing a division of Babil group distributes some of the internationally… 
Read More









Retail Division
These are segments of retail stores promoted by Babil group - Designed to meet the needs of the… 
Read More









Special Project Division
In May 2003 we started this division to look in to the tender notices from various government institutions…  
Read More









 




Quick Links

Home
About Us
Businesses
Product Range
Career


Media
News
Feedback
Contact us
Sitemap





Social Networks
Follow
 with Us:

   
  













copyright  © 2017 Babil International LLC.
 All Rights Reserved . 







Developed and Managed by WeblinkIndia.NET




























Khimji Ramdas - Corporate


































عربي


                	Search



Brand Locator



About UsProfileVision & MissionThe VisionariesBoard of DirectorsOrganisational StructureInfrastructural StrengthsCore StrengthsCSRBrand PortfolioBusinessesConsumer ProductsLifestyleInfrastructureProjects & LogisticsKR InternationalCareersCareers at KRWhat to expectLocation detailsEmployee speakMediaKR in the newsPress ReleasesAdvertisementsPress KitCorporate ProfileCorporate LogoMedia ContactVideo GalleryPicture GalleryDownloadsScreen SaversCorporate BrochureCorporate PresentationContact UsOmanInternationalLocation mapHome











Consumer Products GroupRetail Supermarket ChainsROP Social Welfare MarketsOman Oil Quick ShopsSPAR InternationalProcter & GambleKellogg'sPalmersRed BullBel GroupeConsumer AgenciesPharmaceuticalsKaya Skin ClinicCommoditiesPhilip Morris (Marlboro)Lifestyle GroupKhimji’s WatchesKhimji’s Luxury & LifestyleKhimji’s Restaurants & CafesPizza HutThe BollywoodCaffe Vergnano 1882Khimji Training InstituteInfrastructure GroupConstructionPaintsBuilding MaterialsAir Conditioning & RefrigerationAppliances & KitchensElectrical ProductsOffice Furniture & Storage SolutionsAl Ahlia Environmental ServicesMarine ProjectsEngineering Products and ServicesConstruction Services LLCInformation & Communication TechnologySports Equipment and FitnessProjects & Logistics GroupKR ShippingBlue Eagle LogisticsAir CargoKR Insurance ServicesKhimji's House of TravelSpecial ProjectsAutomobile & Defense ProjectsAutomotive UnitMiddle East Fuji Khimji'sSchenker Khimji'sKuehne+NagelKhimji's SparkleKR InternationalIndiaUAEKhimji Ramdas ShippingKR & SonsKR Commodity DivisionMiddle East Fuji Khimji’s 
OUR BRANDS
































Through its unwavering focus, fuelled by the passion to lead, Khimji Ramdas (KR) has grown into one of the biggest conglomerates in Oman. A distinct attribute, that has helped the Company consistently maintain It's leadership position. Moving from strength to strength since it's inception in 1870, KR has evolved to become a well-diversified Business Group in 4 key areas:
Consumer Products | Infrastructure | Lifestyle | Projects & Logistics
TO KNOW MORE ABOUT US....


News Updates


Eshraqa KR CSR Arm helping community building initiatives -Times of Oman - 30 July 2017

KR social development arm Eshraqa declares Ramadan contest winner - Muscat Daily - 27 July 2017

Eshraqa supports the 15th Izki Mass Wedding ­ Muscat Daily - 17 July 2017

Sony appoints Khimji Ramdas as dealer for medical products and solutions in Oman - Oman Tribune - 10 July 2017

Eshraqa, KR Social Development Arm, Participates In Annual Blood Donation Drive, Muscat daily,19th of June 2017

Khimji Ramdas hosts Ramadan Iftar for employees - Muscat Daily - 12 June 2017

KR's social development arm Eshraqa participates in paper recycling drive - Muscat Daily - 8th June 2017

Eshraqa distributed 6,000 Ramadan boxes - Observer - 29 May 2017

Spar’s ‘Pure’ Super Tonic: An Ideal diet choice - Times of Oman - 04 June 2017

Future Group joins hands with Oman based Khimji Ramdas LLC to foray into the international market - Times of Oman - 18 May 2017

 













Copyright © 2017 Khimji Ramdas LLC, All Right Reserved |   Designed & Developed by 72dpi    |  Sitemap  |  Privacy Policy 















	Advertising International Company LLC | Omzest


 



































Search





http://www.omzest.com  echo $site_description; ?>
 




Home
About

Vision & Mission

Business Verticals

Construction & Contracting
Manufacturing
Services
Trading & Representation
Training & Education
Financial Services & Investments


Principal Agencies
Quality Recognition


Businesses

Advertising, Media & PR
Automotive
Financial Services & Investments
Chemicals
Construction
Consumer Products
Healthcare
Industrial
Industrial catering
Info Tech
Maintenance and Services
Marine
Office Automation
Oil & Gas
Shipping & Logistics
Telecommunication
Textiles
Trading
Training & Education
Travel & Cargo


Careers

Discover Omzest
Working With Us
Working in Oman
Zawawi Executive Services
Browse Vacancies & Apply


News
Contact
Companies
Check Mail
User Admin

			   	 


Advertising International Company LLC






When we started business, two decades ago, we launched some of Oman’s most popular brands. Now we are 22, but our passion for our brands remains unchanged! And our exclusive association with DDB starting September 2012, empowers us to bring the knowledge of global learning to our communication counsel.

With over 2 decades of presence in Oman, we are one of the leading integrated communications agencies in Oman. We understand that business dynamics are changing faster these days and every brand needs to make greater impact in the minds of its consumers. The same goes with us as well. And that keeps us going. The passion and hunger for more impactful work. Work that actually works in the market, for our clients – be it at a local, regional or global stage
Set up in 1991 by the OMZEST Group, our services span Advertising, Public Relations, Events, Market Research, Media planning & buying and Out- of-Home. We pride ourselves on having handled almost every product category in the country. Key clients include Omzest Group companies as well as leading business houses and industry giants in Oman.
 Starting with just a handful of people, ADINC DDB now employs more than 25 professionally skilled and experienced personnel. Our mult-national team has a strong quotient of young, professional talented Omanis. This gives us unique insights into our customers’ hearts and psyches. Our think tanks are veterans who understand the business of communication, have a proven track record in established markets and are committed to raising industry benchmarks.
Awards we have won such as the Certificate of Merit at Cresta Awards, New York and the Golden Award at Montreux showcase our skills. But above all, it is the long lasting partnership we have built with our brands that is the true judge of our work.
DDB Worldwide Communications Group Inc (www.ddb.com) ranks among the top five consolidated advertising and marketing services global networks, according to Advertising Age. DDB emphasizes Social Creativity to grow the value and influence of brands around the world by creating ideas that people want to play with, participate in and pass along. The agency is consistently one of the most awarded at the Cannes Festival of Creativity and was recognized by The Gunn Report as one of the Top 3 Global Networks for 10 of the last 12 years. DDB was also recently named the Spikes Asia Network of the Year for the second consecutive year and the Eurobest Network of the Year for the third consecutive year.
DDB Worldwide is part of Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) and consists of more than 200 offices in over 90 countries.
Contact Details
Advertising International Company LLC
P.O. Box No. 407 – Al Harthy Complex, Muscat,
Postal Code : 118
Sultanate of Oman
Tel: 24564614
Fax: 24564578
Email: adinc@omzest.com




 


Home | About | Jobs | News | News-Archive | Check Mail | Admin | Disclaimer | Privacy | Sitemap
 © Copyright 2017 OMZEST. All Rights Reserved. 


Mercedes-Benz Oman – Launches Khareef Safety CheckWed, 12 Jul 2017 09:06:32  Mercedes-AMG GT Roadster and GT C RoadsterMon, 10 Jul 2017 07:56:41  Mercedes-Benz Oman – Generous Ramadan Package Ends SoonWed, 14 Jun 2017 14:53:31  The new Mercedes-AMG E 63 S 4MATIC+Sat, 10 Jun 2017 15:00:13  Mercedes Benz Oman celebrates Actros mileage millionairiesTue, 06 Jun 2017 12:22:35  Mercedes-Benz Oman Celebrates Actros Mileage MillionairesMon, 05 Jun 2017 15:05:31  Mercedes-Benz Oman – Innovative Small Repair ProgramMon, 29 May 2017 07:20:32  HSBC Bank Oman wins Euromoney Best bank in Oman 2017 awardFri, 26 May 2017 06:28:29  Mercedes-Benz Oman- Participates in the STS ExpoMon, 15 May 2017 11:45:30  Mercedes Benz Oman premiers class-leading new school bus-Oman observer-15-05-17Mon, 15 May 2017 11:14:18 


214
137
transparent
transparent
40
1
solid
1
left
0
#000000
14
arial, sans-serif
normal
normal














Homepage | Oman Trading International










































Skip to main content








Toggle navigation





















Energy Trading
 Oman Trading International is a leading commodity trading company with a presence in multiple geographies. 
We specialise in trading crude oil, petroleum products, petrochemicals and LNG.
 Learn more about us
 








Global Reach
 Our combination of talented human capital, world class trading systems and robust processes underpins Oman Trading International's success as a reliable supplier of energy to global markets.
 Find out more about our services
 








Market Leaders
 A trusted and respected player in the international energy market, with capacity across the value chain, our exceptional performance since inception is testament to our expertise.
 Learn more about our performance
 






 




 










 






Learn more



Our Products

Our Services

Our Reach


 

News Feed




17.12.15
Oman Trading International selects Allegro for its energy trading
 London, 16th December 2015 – Oman Trading International (OTI) and Allegro Development Corporation today announced that OTI has chosen the Allegro 8 platform to manage its oil and refined products trading business. 

08.12.15
OTI becomes 100% government owned
 Muscat, November 26th 2015 – Oman Trading International (OTI) was incorporated in 2006 as a joint venture between Oman Oil Company (OOC) and Vitol. 

13.08.14
OTI launches a new commercial representative office in Shanghai
 Shanghai, September 12th 2014 – Reinstating its commitment to explore new market opportunities and to benefit from the Asian markets, the Oman Trading International has newly inaugurated its representative trading office in Shanghai in China, the fifth global office for the compa 



 















Al Bahja Group

























   Download Brochure



Product Categories
Air Freshners & Cologne
Insecticide
Personal Care
Dish Wash
Fabric Care
Surface Cleaner
Toilet Cleaner
Disinfectant & Bleach
Lubricant & Polish
Heavy Duty Cleaning
Battery Care
Engine Coolant
Floorcare Items
Automobile Care
Ketchup & Hot Sauce
Tomato Paste
Canned Food
Rose Water
Vinegar
  














 
              For specific product
              details click "Product Categories"
 
 Tel
                                    : (+968) 24815485/86

                                     Fax : (+968) 24815490
 E-mail
                                    :marketing@albahja.com
                                     


































 Oman
                Chemical Company, is responsible for the production of an
                extensive range of Aerosol products for Industrial and Household
                purposes. The company integrates the most modern
                state-of-the-art technology and equipment imported from
                Switzerland for manufacturing top quality International Aerosol
                Products.

                        From
                its inception, the Company has been using only LPG unlike others
                that make use of CFC as  propellant for aerosol manufacturing processes.
                        








At
                Oman Chemical Company, we believe that progressive technology
                doesn’t necessarily come at the cost of damaging an already
                fragile environment and the company’s policies and
                manufacturing processes have always deviated towards a greener
                environment.
                  






Our
                entire product range includes insect killers, industrial
                aerosols such as liquid wrench, electrical and electronic contact cleaner,
                        dashboard sprays and household aerosols like audio-video head cleaners, spray
                starch, and furniture polish.
All
                these products are manufactured maintaining strict international
                standards and guidelines and are extensively exported to various
                destinations in the Middle East.



















Copyright
            Al Bahja Group of Companies
























Oman Oil









عربي | Subscribe | Contact | Feedback | Site Map      Search 






 







Overview 


 Overview
 About our Brand
Milestones
Our Mission
Board of Directors
Management Team
Code Of Ethics


Products and Services


Fuel Retailing
Fuel Cards 
Ahlain(Non Fuel Services) 
Lubricants 
Storage & Distribution 
Aviation fuels 
Commercial fuels 
Bunkering Marine Fuel 


CSR
Customer Service


Customer Service 
omanoil call centre 
Customer Feedback


Current Promotions 
Financials


Investor Relations  
Financial Reports 




Quality HSSE


QHSSE Policy
Environment
QHSSE Awards and Achievements


Career Opportunities


Overview 
Staff Training 
Working in OOMCO
Feedback Processes 
Compensation and Reward 
Vacancies in omanoil 


Contact Us
Media Centre


Gallery
Videos
News


 








 

Oman Oil Marketing Company
Formed in October 2003, Oman Oil Marketing Company (omanoil) has established itself as a leader in the 
				......  Read More…





Online Applications




             Commercial Fuel OrdersFor commercial fuel orders booking and status. 


  Vendors ManagementFor vendors registration, RFQ’s, Tenders.


 Ejaba CardsInvoice Printing and Transaction Analysis 



 e-sponsorship servicee-sponsorship service 










News & Events

OMAN OIL MARKETING COMPANY & AL RAFFD FUND EXTENDS TASWEIK’S DEADLINE
OMAN OIL MARKETING COMPANY CELEBRATES THE LAUNCH OF ‘TASWEIK’
OMAN OIL MARKETING COMPANY INVITES SMES FROM ACROSS THE SULTANATE TO JOIN TASWEIK
More...


Retail map - Country wide

Retail map - Regional





Product & Services
 
omanoil currently operates a network of 178 retail...
 
-Fuel Retailing-Fuel Cards
                -Ejaba Card-Lubricants
                -Ahlain


Promotions
 
A new promotion is coming soon…  
 




Environment
 
Environment...

 
-Aviation fuels-Commercial fuels





Investor Relations
 
Since the 7 year gov moratorium has been lifted
 











 RSS Feed 
            Subscribe to what's new with
            OOMCO


 Oman Oil Marketing Company 
          P O Box 92 
          Postal Code 116 
          Mina Al Fahal
          Sultanate of Oman 

          Phone:(968) 24574100
          Fax:(968) 24574101 


 Quick Links



Promotions
Board of Directors
Quarterly Reports
Annual Reports
Corporate Governance
Feedback




Fuel Retailing
Fuel Cards
Ejaba Card
Basma Cards
Lubricants
Storage & Distribution




Aviation fuels
Commercial fuels


 


 

 Be a fan and follow us
            on facebook 



Omanoil joins hands with Rekaaz as Platinum Sponsor
Company Email Access



 Terms of use |  Privacy Statement © 2017, Oman Oil Marketing Company SAOG 





Petroleum Development Oman


































































































































Proud To Serve Oman














About Us







Our Company
Petroleum Development Oman (PDO) is the foremost exploration and production company in the Sultanate. We account for around 70% of the country's crude oil production and nearly all of its natural gas supply. The Company is owned by the Government of Oman (with a 60% interest), Royal Dutch Shell (34%), Total (4%) and Partex (2%). The first economic oil find was made in 1962, and the first oil consignment was exported in 1967.

PDO operates in a concession area of about 100,000 km2 (one third of Oman’s geographical area), has around 130 producing fields, close to 6,000 producing wells, a diverse workforce of around 8,000 employees, comprised of 64 different nationalities, and more than 45,000 contractors.

The primary objective of PDO is to engage efficiently, responsibly and safely in the exploration, production, development, storage and transportation of hydrocarbons in the Sultanate. The Company seeks a high level of performance with the aim of furthering the long-term benefits of its shareholders, its employees and the society of Oman in line with our core values of honesty, integrity and respect.

This approach to business is underpinned by our vision to be renowned and respected for the excellence of our people and the value we create for Oman and all our stakeholders.

The Company provides all employees with safe and healthy conditions of work and adequate and competitive conditions of service. We pay particular attention to the recruitment, training and development of Omani employees and respect the rights of all employees in line with the Omani Labour Law.PDO has a dedicated Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) team of 20 employees that work towards establishing a healthy work environment free of harassment and discrimination. The team’s mission is to elevate the status of D&I in the Company, to underline the benefits of a diverse staff and the positive impact they can have on business performance.
At all times, PDO endeavours to be a good corporate citizen. We operate in an environmentally responsible and sustainable fashion, dealing transparently and honestly on the basis of open and competitive bidding with contractors and suppliers and supporting and investing in social and community projects.
Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR)
PDO is a global leader in the field of enhanced oil recovery (EOR) and its success is critical to delivering the Company’s current and future production.
EOR is a process which enables operators to extract oil from reservoirs where the pressure has dropped making it difficult to bring to the surface.
PDO has invested a great deal of time and money in ground-breaking projects as it looks to boost the overall percentage of oil recovered from its fields. EOR is expected to account for a third of PDO’s oil production by 2023.
The Company’s first full-scale EOR venture was inaugurated in October 2010. The Marmul project in the south of its concession area – where polymer was added as a thickening agent to water and injected into the field to sweep oil to producing wells - was the first of its type in the Middle East.
The Company is breaking new ground with major projects involving three advanced EOR techniques:
Miscibile Gas Injection
Thermal Recovery
Chemical














Our Leadership









The Managing Director’s Committee (MDC) is responsible for the Company’s overall performance and business direction.
It is headed by the Managing Director who is assisted by 14 other Directors, who are responsible for setting the technical standards, the allocation of staff and their development. 
The MDC is answerable to the Board of Directors which provides objectives and guidelines to the Managing Director. The Board consists of twelve members. There are seven Government representatives, including the Chairman, who is the Minister of Oil & Gas, His Excellency Dr Mohammed bin Hamad bin Saif Al Rumhy; and five who represent PDO’s private shareholders (Royal Dutch Shell, Total and Partex).
Members of the MDC
Managing Director: Raoul Restucci 
Technical Director: Amran Al Marhubi 
External Affairs Director: Abdul-Amir Al Ajmi
Infrastructure Director: Sami Baqi
Petroleum Engineering Director: Ali Al Gheithy 
Corporate Planning Director: Ruqaiya Al Hinai
Finance Director: Haifa Al Khaifi 
Exploration Director: Intisaar al Kindy 
Oil North Director: Khamis Al Saadi
In-Country Value Director: Abla Al Riyami 
Gas Director: Salim Al Sikaiti 
People & Change Director: Ibtisam Al Riyami 
Oil South Director: Suleiman Al Tobi 
Well Engineering Director: Mohammed Al Rashdi
Engineering and Operations Director: Abdullah al Shuely




















In-Country Value at PDO







We are committed to maximizing the procurement of local goods and services as well as improving the capacity and capability of Omani people and companies in order to secure sustainable commercial benefits for the Sultanate. 
    In-Country Value (ICV) is the way to achieve this. ICV is defined as the total expenditure retained in-country that can benefit business development, contribute to human capability building and stimulate productivity in the Sultanate’s economy. In short, it is about products made and services provided by skilled Omanis in Oman.
    Working closely with the Government and other operators, PDO has driven ICV development across the oil and gas sector, supported the development of the ICV governance model and the establishment of the Ministry of Oil and Gas’s ICV Committee, which is attended by the CEOs of all up-, mid- and downstream oil and gas companies and representatives from key Government ministries. PDO has also supported the establishment of two sub-committees for Contracting & Procurement/ICV Managers and HR Managers.

As a pioneer of ICV, PDO and its contractors have created more than 14,000 jobs and training opportunities since 2011 – Including over 4,300 in 2014. In 2014, we awarded contracts worth US$4.9 billion to locally registered firms and launched a welding training scheme for 400 Omani jobseekers which will qualify them to the highest internationally accredited level and enable them to work on PDO’s three mega projects at Rabab Harweel, Yibal Khuff and Budour. 


Vocational Training: A National Objective 
PDO manages one of the largest drilling and hoist fleets in the world, with talented Omanis covering the full spectrum of employment from Chairmen and CEOs to derrick hands and roustabouts. We are now working on all fronts to create a standardized framework for personnel development. Incubating and piloting new Omanisation ideas and directly supporting job seekers through training certification to employment with PDO contractors, the Company’s National Objectives team, which was founded in 2013, works closely with Ministry of Manpower (MOM) to build an aligned effective overall framework for Omanisation with the objective of maximizing the employment of skilled Omanis with PDO contractors and across the wider oil and gas sector in a sustainable way. A target has been fixed to train and secure employment for 7,000 job seekers for each of the next five years with our focus on three areas which are: High school Graduates, Graduates and the Accelerated Experience Programme.


Support For Small Businesses 
PDO is fully supportive of the desire to see a flourishing sector for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Oman to diversify the economy and create more job opportunities. We have recently signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Public Authority for Small and Medium Enterprises Development (PASMED) to offer assistance to Omani entrepreneurs. The agreement is aimed at strengthening co-operation and collaboration between the two sides on training, business advice and knowledge exchange to help SMEs operate more successfully. Under the terms of the deal, PDO business specialists will advise entrepreneurs and SME owners who are members of PASMED and who might be in need of guidance on management and strategic planning.
















Media Library










PDO CELEBRATES 45th NATIONAL DAY 

Petroleum 
	Development Oman (PDO) has staged a series of events in celebration of the 
	45th National Day including the unveiling of an Appreciation Book from 
	employees for His Majesty Sultan Qaboos bin 
	Said. The book, launched on PDO Day 2015 which marked the second anniversary 
	of His Majesty’s official visit to the Company’s main headquarters building 
	on 12 May 2013, is a compilation of messages and drawings from PDO staff and 
	their children expressing their love, admiration and respect for His 
	Majesty, and has been presented to His Majesty to mark the 45th National 
	Day. It was designed by Ahmed Al Mandhari, who works in PDO’s Exploration 
	Directorate. 

PDO Managing 
	Director Raoul Restucci said: “The historic visit of His Majesty has had a 
	profound impact in inspiring the Company’s workforce, encouraging them to 
	work harder and with sincerity in serving the nation.“The book captures 
	expressions of loyalty and sincere sentiments of gratitude for His Majesty’s 
	great endeavours in uplifting Oman to its 
	current eminent and respected standing in the world. “There is no doubt that 
	these heartfelt thoughts emanate from the high regard PDO staff have for His 
	Majesty. They recognise and appreciate His 
	Majesty’s wonderful achievements in transforming the fortunes of the 
	Sultanate at home and elevating it to become a champion of peace and 
	dialogue on the global stage.” Celebrations at PDO’s Bait Mina Al Fahal (BMF) 
	headquarters in Muscat included the launch of a PDO-sponsored patriotic song 
	and music video titled “Qaboos: Pulse of the 
	Nation” composed and produced by local artists. This was accompanied by a 
	live Bara’a traditional dance performance which 
	features in the video. The building was also decorated in Omani flags and 
	red, green and white bunting.

Additionally, 
	the three winners of a staff photography competition for the best 
	Omani-themed photos were revealed on the day and the winning photographs, as 
	well as 42 other entries, were displayed on digital screens around the PDO 
	campus. The 45 images – one to mark each year of His Majesty’s reign – will 
	be posted on the Company’s Instagram page (@PDO.Oman), 
	which was launched on the day. The overall winner was Engineering, 
	Procurement and Contracts Representative Hamed Al Ghanboosi for 
	his picture of an Omani man with his camels. Similar celebrations were held 
	across the Company’s Interior locations where staff and contractors took 
	part in loyalty marches, speeches, poem recitals and 
	prayers.A week of activities are also being held at PDO’s Knowledge 
	World, comprising the Oil and Gas Exhibition Centre, Planetarium, and EcoOman Centre, 
	all of which were donated by PDO as Gifts to the Nation to mark every five 
	years of His Majesty’s reign. Activities included competitions and shows for 
	the public, including a new show to be launched at the Planetarium. 
	Moreover, the Knowledge World will be open during evenings throughout the 
	National Day holidays.

 


PDO BOOSTS OMANI JOBS AND TRAINING WITH US$650 
	MILLION CONTRACTS 


	Petroleum Development Oman (PDO) today boosted Omani job and training 
	opportunities by signing six contracts worth US$650 million over the next 10
	years.The deals for the supply, installation and 
	maintenance of 29 centrifugal compressors were signed with international 
	engineering companies Siemens LLC, General Electric International LLC, and 
	Omani firm OHI Petroleum & Energy Services LLC and its partners MAN Diesel & 
	Turbo Schweiz AG. The contracts all contain 
	In-Country Value (ICV) provisions to retain more of the oil and gas 
	industry’s wealth in the Sultanate for the training of Omani engineers and 
	the local manufacturing of components such as vessels, coolers 
	and transformers.Thesignings took place at the third edition of the Business 
	Opportunities Forum at the Oman International Exhibition Centre at Seeb under 
	the auspices of His Highness Sayyid Haitham bin Tariq Al Said. The event, organised by 
	the Oman Chamber of Commerce and Industry (OCCI), aims to create a platform 
	for companies and institutions to expand business, build awareness and 
	present investment opportunities from large firms and promote the efforts 
	and programmes of private sector companies in 
	the field of ICV. 

PDO 
	Managing Director Raoul Restucci said: “Despite the current difficult oil 
	price environment, these signings show that we are committed to staying the 
	course and making significant investments which will directly increase Omani 
	jobs and training opportunities and build a robust and sustainable local 
	supply chain.“Since 2011, our ICV strategy has so far created more than 
	15,000 National Objectives job and training opportunities for Omani 
	jobseekers and we are working all the time to develop and support Omani 
	service and manufacturing capabilities.” The compressors are planned to be 
	installed at 11 PDO projects, including the YibalKhuff mega 
	project, Lekhwair, Mabrouk and 
	the second phase of the SaihNihayda and Kauther Depletion 
	Compression projects.The suppliers have 
	committed to maximising the local content in 
	their submitted contract plans. This should lead to the recruitment and 
	training of a number of Omanis as engineers and technicians and maximise the 
	use of PDO’s in-house repair workshops.PDO received one award at the OCCI 
	event for the largest one-off contract with Siemens LLC worth US$210 million.The PDO 
	booth at the two-day OCCI event features presentations on the Company’s ICV 
	efforts, including an array of artisan products made by its social 
	enterprise Banat Oman which has given vocational training to more than 200 
	women from low-income backgrounds. 


PDO HELPS OMANI SMEs SUCCESSFULLY BID FOR BUSINESS 


	Petroleum Development Oman (PDO) has staged a second workshop giving Omani 
	small and medium enterprises (SMEs) a better understanding of how to do 
	business with the Company.The workshop 
	highlighted the main reasons for unsuccessful submissions for contracts – 
	such as quality of documentation and technical and financial requirements - 
	to enhance the awareness level of local firms on PDO’s tendering
	process.Around 60 representatives from SMEs and 
	Local Community Contractors (LCCs) attended the event at the Company’s Mina 
	Al Fahal headquarters in Muscat. Many of those 
	invited had unsuccessfully bid for PDO work in the past.

The 
	workshop covered PDO’s stringent health, safety and environment (HSE) rules 
	and regulations, and key areas such as business experience and resourcing, 
	work quality and financial viability, tender requirements and ethics. In 
	addition, the half-day session highlighted contractual In-Country Value 
	(ICV) and National Objectives stipulations for training and Omanisation, 
	reflecting PDO’s commitment to generate employment opportunities for 
	Omanis.PDO In-Country Value Director Abla Al Riyami, said: “PDO has always 
	been a pioneer in supporting local Omani companies. “This workshop was aimed 
	at creating awareness on the main reasons why Omani companies had been 
	unsuccessful in participating for PDO tenders in the past, enhancing their 
	tendering capabilities and understanding our procedures and requirements. 
	“We anticipate this will help those attending to gain business from PDO in 
	future tenders.” PDO is an active backer of local SMEs, providing support 
	across a wide range of activities. It held its first workshop for companies 
	who had been unsuccessful in securing PDO work in May and staged a recent 
	seminar in October for Omani enterprises giving them an overview of the oil 
	and gas industry and PDO policies, processes and procedures. As of September 
	2015, the Company had awarded additional contracts worth US$2.9 billion to 
	nationally registered firms. 


PDO IN DOUBLE TRIUMPH AT ADIPEC AWARDS


	Petroleum Development Oman (PDO) has won two awards at the prestigious 2015 
	Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference, which is billed 
	as the most important event in the global oil and gas 
	industry.The Company scooped the Best Oil and Gas Mega Project for Harweel 2AB, 
	one of the world’s largest miscible sour gas injection projects, and also 
	the Best Oil and Gas Innovation or Technology (Surface) with its partner GlassPoint Solar
	forMiraah, one of the largest solar energy 
	ventures globally.PDO’s double triumph came at 
	the most competitive awards in ADIPEC’s 31-year history, with 501 entries 
	received from over 240 companies across 32 countries.

PDO’s 
	Exploration Director Intisaar Al Kindy was also 
	shortlisted for Oil and Gas Woman of the Year, and the Company was nominated 
	for the Best Practice Award for delivering technical integrity and 
	In-Country Value (ICV) through the in-sourcing of equipment repairs in its 
	own maintenance workshops. PDO Managing Director Raoul Restucci said: “We 
	are truly honoured to have won two awards at 
	ADIPEC, which showcases the very best people and projects in our industry.“The 
	victories and nominations reflect PDO’s excellence in delivering world-class 
	production projects safely, efficiently and sustainably, our pioneering 
	spirit and our strong belief in Omani talent. These achievements should be a 
	matter of great pride not only for us but also for the nation.”Harweel 2AB 
	was commissioned in April 2012 and staff and contractors have overcome a 
	series of technical and operational challenges to deliver a project that is 
	performing impressively well, with high uptimes and strong oil and gas 
	recoveries, maximising miscible gas injection 
	and gas export and reducingflaring.The Miraah project, 
	which was unveiled in July with GlassPoint, will 
	be a 1,021 megawatt solar thermal facility harnessing the sun’s rays to 
	produce steam to extract heavy and viscous oil at Amal in southern Oman. It 
	is expected to save 5.6 trillion British Thermal Units of natural gas each 
	year. Construction work began in October and the first steam is expected in 
	2017.


Mr Restucci 
	said: “The transformation at Harweel has been 
	truly impressive and has been achieved by professional multi-disciplinary 
	teamwork from staff and contractors and strong project leadership. “We 
	safely established the full plant production from October-December last year 
	in half the scheduled time and with safety as our guiding and overarching 
	priority, secured full and accelerated payback of the entire Harweel 2AB 
	investment and continue to increase reserves and production potential for 
	long term development through these industry leading facilities.“Our staff 
	and contractors are working in a complex 
	environmentcharacterised by very high pressure and corrosive sour 
	fluids and are applying advanced enhanced oil recovery (EOR) technology and 
	processes not seen on such a scale anywhere in the world. Despite this, they 
	have risen to the challenge magnificently and Harweel continues 
	to make a substantial contribution to the nation’s hydrocarbon production 
	and associated investment returns.“As
	forMiraah, the use of solar for oil production 
	is a long term, strategic solution to reduce consumption of valuable natural 
	gas. Gas saved can be directed towards higher value applications to 
	diversify Oman’s economy and have a lasting impact on the country’s
	growth.Together with GlassPoint, 
	we are proud to be leading the way in deploying innovative solutions to 
	today’s production challenges in order to deliver energy more economically 
	and sustainably.”During ADIPEC, PDO and GlassPoint are 
	exhibiting together at PDO’s 150m2booth in Hall 4 of the main exhibition 
	centre. The stand features a 3D virtual reality tour of Miraah, 
	“transporting” visitors to south Oman so they can experience the scale of 
	the project and technology up-close, and a model of the facility. In 
	addition, the stand also features key PDO business areas of excellence and 
	achievements such as ICV and new technology. PDO is also making four 
	technical presentations at the event on EOR, new technologies, the use of 
	solar power to generate steam and Nibras, a 
	web-based real-time monitoring tool for Well and Reservoir Management. This 
	year ADIPEC, which runs from 9-12 November, is expected to attract 85,000 
	trade professionals from 120 countries, 2,000 exhibiting companies, 14 
	national oil companies and 16 international oil companies.

 















PDO Attractions








Gifts to the Nation
PDO has a long tradition of marking the milestone of Oman’s National Day by making a Gift to the Nation every five years to help Oman to develop itself further. PDO’s goal behind this tradition is not only to share the knowledge it acquires through the exploration of oil with the community of Oman, an area that it excels in, but also goes beyond to exploring the environment and the skies.
PDO announced in May 2014 to build Oman’s first aquarium as a Gift to the Nation. The RO7.5 mln Marine Fish Aquarium and Educational Centre complex will spread over approximately 17,000m2.
The Public Knowledge Library and Traffic Safety Institute have been given to the Diwan of the Royal Court and the Royal Oman Police respectively. They continue to attract thousands of visitors including students, tourists and professionals for the many learning opportunities they provide as well as offering their facilities for professional meetings depending on availability.

Knowledge World
The PDO Knowledge World is a state-of-the-art complex housing three attractions which were donated by PDO as Gifts to the Nation.
First, the Oil and Gas Exhibition Centre was opened in November 1979. After extensive remodelling, it was re-opened in November 1995 as a Gift to the Nation to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the reign of His Majesty Sultan Qaboos bin Said. The centre charts the journey of oil and gas from its formation through to its production, offers a glimpse into the future and showcases the role of technology in the industry.
In 2000, PDO unveiled Oman’s first ever planetarium as an annexe to the Oil and Gas Exhibition Centre to mark the 30th anniversary of His Majesty’s reign. The building is suitable for both children and adults and teaches astronomy in an engaging way, fostering an interest in modern science. The planetarium has received more than 250,000 visitors since opening.
The third attraction is the EcOman Centre, which was built as a Gift to the Nation to mark the 40th National Day of Oman in 2010. This offers a fascinating journey through the evolution and future of energy and aims to help visitors understand the possibilities of harnessing sustainable energy resources. It also underlines the Company’s strong commitment to society and sustainable development.













Community







Social Investment
A key element of our success has been the close working relationship between PDO, the communities where we operate and all aspects of society in Oman. With this in mind, we have developed a structured social investment
programme which is implemented in close collaboration with the Government through a joint Social Investment Committee.

This programme focuses on contributing to the growth of society and developing areas where we operate to achieve a mutually beneficial and sustainable environment for carrying out oil and gas operations. Funding has been channelled to non-governmental organisations to help vulnerable members of society such as the blind and disabled and there has been special focus on projects that provide Omanis with the right skills to enter the job market or the ability to earn an income. Underpinning this approach is PDO’s long-term aspiration to help secure sustainable benefits for the Sultanate as we carry out our core business of exploring and producing oil and gas.
Banat Oman Project
PDO has funded a community-based vocational training initiative for low-income Omani women to help develop and nurture skills and create a sustainable commercial opportunities and jobs for them. So far, more than 200 have benefited from the Banat Oman project, with many establishing worker co-operatives to pool their resources and meet rising order books. 

The main objectives of the initiative are to:
Promote Omani self-employment, entrepreneurship and skills
Help unemployed school leavers forge rewarding careers
Empower and help the women to raise their families’ income
Diversify the source of income for low-income families
Create jobs that can be performed in the comfort of the women’s homes
Realise PDO’s aim of improving the living conditions of low-income families through self-employment and sustainable development.


PDO invested RO 150,000 to initiate the project, in partnership with the Omani Women’s Association, to train a number of Omani women across the country in various handicrafts, such as tailoring and embroidery, dairy and bakery product manufacture, leathercraft, camel bone carving and silversmithing.

 

Community Relations
We work on the basis that we only succeed if the communities in which we operate succeed. It’s about being a good corporate citizen. For us, our 
communities are our neighbours and partners and improving their wellbeing and sustainability is a key strategic and moral priority. PDO endeavours to meet its wider responsibility to society by taking economic,
 social and environmental considerations into account in all decisions, specifically in terms of the provision of oil revenues, domestic employment, staff and contractor training, the support and development of 
 local businesses and community investment. While exploring for and producing oil and gas for the country, we set a high priority on minimizing the impact of our operations on the surrounding environment and communities, 
 and maximising the potential benefits to local citizens. The Community Relations Department sits at the core of this strategy. Our approach is to engage continuously with local authorities, community leaders and 
 inhabitants to understand and mitigate issues resulting from operations.

Scholarships 
PDO invests more than US$ 8 million annually on a diversified educational programme at virtually all levels which is designed to equip young Omanis with the knowledge and skills to help them prepare to join the working environment.
Every year, PDO offers 200 scholarships to students from low-income families to primary, secondary and university level after an assessment of their capabilities. The programme helps young people to attend boarding schools, to complete secondary education or attend local training centres to acquire vocational skills and colleges and universities to gain qualifications from diplomas to advanced degrees in technical disciplines such as engineering.
In addition to paying tuition fees and training costs, PDO provides travel expenses, a monthly stipend, and accommodation or living expenses for sponsored students and trainees. Last year, we offered 15 four year higher education scholarships to disabled students from all over Oman.















HSE







Effective management of the health, safety and welfare of our workforce and the protection of  Oman’s environment are key aspects of PDO’s business goals.  We invest heavily in our drive to achieve and sustain the highest standards of management control and employee culture with the aim of operating efficiently, responsibly and safely in harmony with our society. In doing so, we hope to be a role model for other Omani organisations inside and outside the industry.
Health, Safety and the Environment in PDO comprises of the following departments:
Health:  This works to implement occupational health management systems and support management on all health matters, promoting medical, occupational and public health to fulfil the vision of achieving workforce wellness whilst providing quality medicinal, therapeutic, preventative and emergency medical care.
Safety:  This works to ensure the personal and process safety of PDO people, contractors and assets is achieved. Driving the message and developing systems to ensure the importance of PDO staff and contractors working in safe conditions and with safe assets is paramount.
Environment:  PDO aspires not only to operate in an environmentally responsible fashion but also to contribute to the vision of being the best exploration and production company in its class. PDO is leading many environmental initiatives and takes pride in being  pioneer in sustainable operations.














Awards







We have received a number of recent awards for our sustainability activities and achievements including:
     
    
•    Annual Gulf Co-operation Council Ministers of Social Development Award in Bahrain for providing university scholarships for 15 students from low-income families or with special needs, supplying five specially equipped buses for Al Wafa Social Centre network for the care and rehabilitation of the disabled and funding the upskilling of
250 of the organisation’s staff (2013)



•    ADIPEC Award for the Empowerment of Women in the Oil and Gas Industry for the porgramme to train female graduates as field operations engineers (2013)


•    Offshore Arabia Environmental Award (category Excellence in Environmental Technology) for the Amal solar steam generation pilot (2014)


•    Best Clean Tech Project Award for the Amal solar steam generation pilot, New Economy (2013)



•    Big Project Award. Construction and Sustainability Award of Excellence for the Best Water Conservation
Initiative, Ras Al Hamra International School project (2013)




•    Oman Green Awards. Received a Green Innovation Award for Ras Al Hamra International School (2013)


•    Oman Green Awards. Received the Green Habitat Award for the Nimr Water Treatment Plant (2013)


•    Royal Oman Police Private Sector Award for Road Safety (2014)


•    Best Engineering Innovation category at the third annual Intelligent Transportation Systems & Road Safety
Forum in Qatar (2014)



•    Appreciation certificate from the Ministry of Environment and Climate Affairs for our initiatives towards and involvement in saving the environment (2014).
















Contact us







Contact us
Headquarters, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman
Address:
Postal Office Box 81
Postal Code 100
	Telephone:  + (968) 24678111
Fax + (968) 24674374

Media Contact Information
Address: Media Relations Advisor
External Affairs Department
Bait Mina al Fahal- 2nd Floor
Postal Office Box 81
Postal Code 100
Email: info@pdo.co.om




















































































