
Orgenesis Inc (ORGS.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Orgenesis Inc (ORGS.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareBiotechnology & Medical Research












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				ORGS.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.49USD
31 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.49


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

14,412




52-wk High

$0.98


52-wk Low

$0.28












					Full Description



Orgenesis Inc., incorporated on June 5, 2008, is a regenerative therapy company. The Company operates through two segments: Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) and Cellular Therapy Business (CTB). The CDMO activity is operated by the Company's subsidiary, MaSTherCell SA, which specializes in cell therapy development for advanced medicinal products. MaSTherCell is providing two types of services to its customers: process and assay development services and good manufacturing practice (GMP) contract manufacturing services. The CTB activity is based on its technology that demonstrates the capacity to induce a shift in the developmental fate of cells from the liver and differentiating (converting) them into pancreatic beta cell-like insulin producing cells for patients with Type I Diabetes. The Company's subsidiaries include Orgenesis Ltd. and Orgenesis Maryland Inc.The Company is a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company focused on developing its trans-differentiation technologies for diabetes and vertically integrating manufacturing, as well as developing technologies of other cell therapy markets in such areas as cell-based cancer immunotherapies and neurodegenerative diseases. The Company intends to advance a product that combines cell-based therapy and regenerative medicine, Autologous Insulin Producing (AIP) cells, into clinical development. AIP cells utilize the technology of cellular trans-differentiation to transform an autologous adult liver cell into an adult, fully functional and physiologically glucose-responsive pancreatic-like insulin producing cell. Its treatment for diabetes focuses on Patient Specific Cell Therapies (PSCTs) using autologous cells. The Company is developing cell therapies that are designed to address cancers, ischemic repair and immune modulation.The Company competes with Novo Nordisk A/S, Eli Lilly and Company, Sanofi-Aventis, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, Pfizer Inc., Merck KgaA, Bayer AG, Lonza Group Ltd, Progenitor Cell Therapy (PCT) LLC, Pharmacell BV, WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman) Inc., Cognate Bioservices Inc., Apceth GmbH & Co. KG, Eufets GmbH, Fraunhofer Gesellschaft, Cellforcure SASU, Cell Therapy Catapult Limited and Molmed S.p.A.

» Full Overview of ORGS.PK







					Company Address



Orgenesis Inc
20271 Goldenrod LnGERMANTOWN   MD   20876-4064
P: +1480.6596404







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Vered Caplan

753,544




							 Neil Reithinger

32,697




							 Sarah Ferber

320,469




							 Yaron Adler

--




							 Hugues Bultot

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Orgenesis Inc News




» More ORGS.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerHealthcareBiotechnology & Medical Research




















 


Proprietary Therapies :: Orgenesis Inc. (ORGS)

















 




Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Sitemap

























Proprietary Therapies


















			Proprietary Therapies		













Through our subsidiary Orgenesis Ltd., Orgenesis has developed a unique, proprietary and patented platform technology called Transdifferentiation (or cell reprograming), whereby an adult cell is converted into another type of cell, with its distinct phenotype and function.
The first indication for the Company's unique cell-based therapy, was development of Autologous Insulin Producing ("AIP") cells that transforms the patient's own liver cell into a fully functional and physiologically glucose-responsive insulin-producing cell, designed to provide long-term insulin independence.
Orgenesis has utilized its proprietary technology to successfully reprogram human liver cells into glucose-responsive, fully functional, insulin producing cells. Converting the diabetic patient's own tissue into insulin-producing cells has the potential to provide a practical cure for insulin dependent diabetes and overcome the significant issues of donor shortage, cost and exposure to chronic immunosuppressive therapy associated with islet cell transplantation.
Because the AIP cells are autologous, this benefit should be achieved and maintained without the need for concomitant immunosuppressive therapy.
Stem Cells vs Adult Cells
Within the field of cell therapy, research and development using stem cells to treat a host of diseases and conditions has greatly expanded. All living complex organisms start as a single cell that replicates, differentiates (matures) and perpetuates in an adult organism throughout its lifetime.
Stem cells (in either embryonic or adult forms) are primitive and undifferentiated cells that have the unique ability to transform into or otherwise affect many different cells, such as white blood cells, nerve cells or heart muscle cells.
Our cell therapy development efforts do not use stem cells, but rather offer a much more targeted approach using fully mature, adult cells. For our purposes, in the treatment of diabetes, our cells are derived from the liver or other adult tissue and are transdifferentiated to become adult AIP cells.
Our technology utilizing adult cells is designed to reduce the risk of cell mutation and allows for the testing of cells ex vivo before insertion. Secondly, our adult cells do not propagate inside the patient, eliminating the risk of malignancy. Lastly, our technology utilizes the patient's own autologous cells which eliminates the risk of an immune response or rejection and no pouch or encapsulation device is required to isolate the cells from the patient's immune system. 
















 







Board Committees :: Orgenesis Inc. (ORGS)



















 




Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Sitemap

























Board Committees


















			Investors		



















Audit Committee
Position





David Sidransky
Director

Dr. David Sidransky was appointed as a director on July 18, 2013. Dr. Sidransky is a renowned oncologist and research scientist named and profiled by TIME magazine in 2001 as one of the top physicians and scientists in America, recognized for his work with early detection of cancer. Since 1994, Dr. Sidransky has been the Director of the Head and Neck Cancer Research Division at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine's Department of Otolaryngology and Professor of Oncology, Cellular & Molecular Medicine, Urology, Genetics, and Pathology at the John Hopkins University School of Medicine. Dr. Sidransky is one of the most highly cited researchers in clinical and medical journals in the world in the field of oncology during the past decade, with over 460 peer reviewed publications. Dr. Sidransky is a founder of a number of biotechnology companies and holds numerous biotechnology patents. Dr. Sidransky has served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, and was, until the merger with Eli Lilly, a director of ImClone Systems, Inc., a global biopharmaceutical company committed to advancing oncology care. He is serving, or has served on, the scientific advisory boards of MedImmune, LLC, Roche, Amgen Inc. and Veridex, LLC (a Johnson & Johnson diagnostic company), among others and is currently on the board of Galmed and Rosetta Genomics Ltd. and chairs the board of Advaxis and Champions Oncology, Inc. Dr. Sidransky served as Director from 2005 until 2008 of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR). He was the chairperson of AACR International Conferences during the years 2006 and 2007 on Molecular Diagnostics in Cancer Therapeutic Development: Maximizing Opportunities for Personalized Treatment. Dr. Sidransky is the recipient of a number of awards and honors, including the 1997 Sarstedt International Prize from the German Society of Clinical Chemistry, the 1998 Alton Ochsner Award Relating Smoking and Health by the American College of Chest Physicians, and the 2004 Richard and Hinda Rosenthal Award from the American Association of Cancer Research. We believe Mr. Sidransky is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, medical background, experience within the life science industry and his business acumen in the public markets. 
View Bio

 Member



Guy Yachin
Director

Guy Yachin has served as a director since April 2, 2012. Mr. Yachin is the CEO of NasVax Ltd., a company focused on the development of improved immunotherapeutics and vaccines. Prior to joining NasVax, Mr. Yachin served as CEO of MultiGene Vascular Systems Ltd., a cell therapy company focused on blood vessels disorders, leading the company through clinical studies in the U.S. and Israel, financial rounds, and a keystone strategic agreement with Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd. He was CEO and founder of Chiasma Inc., a biotechnology company focused on the oral delivery of macromolecule drugs, where he built the company's presence in Israel and the U.S., concluded numerous financial rounds, and guided the company's strategy and operation for over six years. Earlier he was CEO of Naiot Technological Center Ltd., and provided seed funding and guidance to more than a dozen biomedical startups such as Remon Medical Technologies Ltd., Enzymotec Ltd. and NanoPass Technologies Ltd. He holds a BSc. in Industrial Engineering and Management and an MBA from the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology. We believe Mr. Yachin is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, experience within the life science industry and his business acumen in the public markets. 
View Bio

 Member



Yaron Adler
Director

Yaron Adler was appointed as our director on April 17, 2012. In 1999 Mr. Adler co-founded IncrediMail Ltd. and served as its Chief Executive Officer until 2008 and President until 2009. In 1999, prior to founding IncrediMail, Mr. Adler consulted Israeli startup companies regarding Internet products, services and technologies. Mr. Adler served as a Product Manager from 1997 to 1999, and as a software engineer from 1994 to 1997, at Tecnomatix Technologies Ltd., a software company that develops and markets production engineering solutions to complex automated manufacturing lines that fill the gap between product design and production, and which was acquired by UGS Corp. in April 2005. In 1993, Mr. Adler held a software engineer position at Intel Israel Ltd. He has a B.A. in computer sciences and economics from TelAviv University. We believe Mr. Adler is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, success with early-stage enterprises and his business acumen in the public markets. 
View Bio

 Member



Audit Committee Charter


Download







Compensation Committee
Position





David Sidransky
Director

Dr. David Sidransky was appointed as a director on July 18, 2013. Dr. Sidransky is a renowned oncologist and research scientist named and profiled by TIME magazine in 2001 as one of the top physicians and scientists in America, recognized for his work with early detection of cancer. Since 1994, Dr. Sidransky has been the Director of the Head and Neck Cancer Research Division at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine's Department of Otolaryngology and Professor of Oncology, Cellular & Molecular Medicine, Urology, Genetics, and Pathology at the John Hopkins University School of Medicine. Dr. Sidransky is one of the most highly cited researchers in clinical and medical journals in the world in the field of oncology during the past decade, with over 460 peer reviewed publications. Dr. Sidransky is a founder of a number of biotechnology companies and holds numerous biotechnology patents. Dr. Sidransky has served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, and was, until the merger with Eli Lilly, a director of ImClone Systems, Inc., a global biopharmaceutical company committed to advancing oncology care. He is serving, or has served on, the scientific advisory boards of MedImmune, LLC, Roche, Amgen Inc. and Veridex, LLC (a Johnson & Johnson diagnostic company), among others and is currently on the board of Galmed and Rosetta Genomics Ltd. and chairs the board of Advaxis and Champions Oncology, Inc. Dr. Sidransky served as Director from 2005 until 2008 of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR). He was the chairperson of AACR International Conferences during the years 2006 and 2007 on Molecular Diagnostics in Cancer Therapeutic Development: Maximizing Opportunities for Personalized Treatment. Dr. Sidransky is the recipient of a number of awards and honors, including the 1997 Sarstedt International Prize from the German Society of Clinical Chemistry, the 1998 Alton Ochsner Award Relating Smoking and Health by the American College of Chest Physicians, and the 2004 Richard and Hinda Rosenthal Award from the American Association of Cancer Research. We believe Mr. Sidransky is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, medical background, experience within the life science industry and his business acumen in the public markets. 
View Bio

 Member



Guy Yachin
Director

Guy Yachin has served as a director since April 2, 2012. Mr. Yachin is the CEO of NasVax Ltd., a company focused on the development of improved immunotherapeutics and vaccines. Prior to joining NasVax, Mr. Yachin served as CEO of MultiGene Vascular Systems Ltd., a cell therapy company focused on blood vessels disorders, leading the company through clinical studies in the U.S. and Israel, financial rounds, and a keystone strategic agreement with Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd. He was CEO and founder of Chiasma Inc., a biotechnology company focused on the oral delivery of macromolecule drugs, where he built the company's presence in Israel and the U.S., concluded numerous financial rounds, and guided the company's strategy and operation for over six years. Earlier he was CEO of Naiot Technological Center Ltd., and provided seed funding and guidance to more than a dozen biomedical startups such as Remon Medical Technologies Ltd., Enzymotec Ltd. and NanoPass Technologies Ltd. He holds a BSc. in Industrial Engineering and Management and an MBA from the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology. We believe Mr. Yachin is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, experience within the life science industry and his business acumen in the public markets. 
View Bio

 Member



Yaron Adler
Director

Yaron Adler was appointed as our director on April 17, 2012. In 1999 Mr. Adler co-founded IncrediMail Ltd. and served as its Chief Executive Officer until 2008 and President until 2009. In 1999, prior to founding IncrediMail, Mr. Adler consulted Israeli startup companies regarding Internet products, services and technologies. Mr. Adler served as a Product Manager from 1997 to 1999, and as a software engineer from 1994 to 1997, at Tecnomatix Technologies Ltd., a software company that develops and markets production engineering solutions to complex automated manufacturing lines that fill the gap between product design and production, and which was acquired by UGS Corp. in April 2005. In 1993, Mr. Adler held a software engineer position at Intel Israel Ltd. He has a B.A. in computer sciences and economics from TelAviv University. We believe Mr. Adler is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, success with early-stage enterprises and his business acumen in the public markets. 
View Bio

 Member



Compensation Committee Charter


Download







Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Position





David Sidransky
Director

Dr. David Sidransky was appointed as a director on July 18, 2013. Dr. Sidransky is a renowned oncologist and research scientist named and profiled by TIME magazine in 2001 as one of the top physicians and scientists in America, recognized for his work with early detection of cancer. Since 1994, Dr. Sidransky has been the Director of the Head and Neck Cancer Research Division at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine's Department of Otolaryngology and Professor of Oncology, Cellular & Molecular Medicine, Urology, Genetics, and Pathology at the John Hopkins University School of Medicine. Dr. Sidransky is one of the most highly cited researchers in clinical and medical journals in the world in the field of oncology during the past decade, with over 460 peer reviewed publications. Dr. Sidransky is a founder of a number of biotechnology companies and holds numerous biotechnology patents. Dr. Sidransky has served as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, and was, until the merger with Eli Lilly, a director of ImClone Systems, Inc., a global biopharmaceutical company committed to advancing oncology care. He is serving, or has served on, the scientific advisory boards of MedImmune, LLC, Roche, Amgen Inc. and Veridex, LLC (a Johnson & Johnson diagnostic company), among others and is currently on the board of Galmed and Rosetta Genomics Ltd. and chairs the board of Advaxis and Champions Oncology, Inc. Dr. Sidransky served as Director from 2005 until 2008 of the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR). He was the chairperson of AACR International Conferences during the years 2006 and 2007 on Molecular Diagnostics in Cancer Therapeutic Development: Maximizing Opportunities for Personalized Treatment. Dr. Sidransky is the recipient of a number of awards and honors, including the 1997 Sarstedt International Prize from the German Society of Clinical Chemistry, the 1998 Alton Ochsner Award Relating Smoking and Health by the American College of Chest Physicians, and the 2004 Richard and Hinda Rosenthal Award from the American Association of Cancer Research. We believe Mr. Sidransky is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, medical background, experience within the life science industry and his business acumen in the public markets. 
View Bio

 Member



Guy Yachin
Director

Guy Yachin has served as a director since April 2, 2012. Mr. Yachin is the CEO of NasVax Ltd., a company focused on the development of improved immunotherapeutics and vaccines. Prior to joining NasVax, Mr. Yachin served as CEO of MultiGene Vascular Systems Ltd., a cell therapy company focused on blood vessels disorders, leading the company through clinical studies in the U.S. and Israel, financial rounds, and a keystone strategic agreement with Teva Pharmaceuticals Industries Ltd. He was CEO and founder of Chiasma Inc., a biotechnology company focused on the oral delivery of macromolecule drugs, where he built the company's presence in Israel and the U.S., concluded numerous financial rounds, and guided the company's strategy and operation for over six years. Earlier he was CEO of Naiot Technological Center Ltd., and provided seed funding and guidance to more than a dozen biomedical startups such as Remon Medical Technologies Ltd., Enzymotec Ltd. and NanoPass Technologies Ltd. He holds a BSc. in Industrial Engineering and Management and an MBA from the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology. We believe Mr. Yachin is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, experience within the life science industry and his business acumen in the public markets. 
View Bio

 Member



Yaron Adler
Director

Yaron Adler was appointed as our director on April 17, 2012. In 1999 Mr. Adler co-founded IncrediMail Ltd. and served as its Chief Executive Officer until 2008 and President until 2009. In 1999, prior to founding IncrediMail, Mr. Adler consulted Israeli startup companies regarding Internet products, services and technologies. Mr. Adler served as a Product Manager from 1997 to 1999, and as a software engineer from 1994 to 1997, at Tecnomatix Technologies Ltd., a software company that develops and markets production engineering solutions to complex automated manufacturing lines that fill the gap between product design and production, and which was acquired by UGS Corp. in April 2005. In 1993, Mr. Adler held a software engineer position at Intel Israel Ltd. He has a B.A. in computer sciences and economics from TelAviv University. We believe Mr. Adler is qualified to serve on our Board of Directors because of his education, success with early-stage enterprises and his business acumen in the public markets. 
View Bio

 Member



Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter


Download
























Oogenesis - Wikipedia





















 






Oogenesis

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Oogenesis


Dorlands
/Elsevier
12339107


Anatomical terminology
[edit on Wikidata]



Oogenesis, ovogenesis, or oögenesis /ˌoʊ.əˈdʒɛnᵻsɪs/[1] is the differentiation of the ovum (egg cell) into a cell competent to further development when fertilized.[2] It is developed from the primary oocyte by maturation.



Contents


1 Oogenesis in mammals

1.1 The creation of oogonia


2 Human oogenesis

2.1 Oocytogenesis

2.1.1 Number of primary oocytes


2.2 Ootidogenesis

2.2.1 Meiosis I
2.2.2 Meiosis II
2.2.3 Folliculogenesis


2.3 Maturation into ovum
2.4 In vitro maturation


3 Oogenesis in non-mammals
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



Oogenesis in mammals[edit]




Diagram showing the reduction in number of the chromosomes in the process of maturation of the ovum. (In mammals, the first polar body normally disintegrates before dividing, so only two polar bodies are produced.)


In mammals, the first part of oogenesis starts in the germinal epithelium, which gives rise to the development of ovarian follicles, the functional unit of the ovary.
Oogenesis consists of several sub-processes: oocytogenesis, ootidogenesis, and finally maturation to form an ovum (oogenesis proper). Folliculogenesis is a separate sub-process that accompanies and supports all three oogenetic sub-processes.


Cell type
ploidy/chromosomes
chromatids
Process
Time of completion


Oogonium
diploid/46(2N)
2C
Oocytogenesis (mitosis)
Third trimester


primary oocyte
diploid/46(2N)
4C
Ootidogenesis (meiosis I) (Folliculogenesis)
Dictyate in prophase I for up to 50 years


secondary oocyte
haploid/23(1N)
2C
Ootidogenesis (meiosis II)
Halted in metaphase II until fertilization


Ootid
haploid/23(1N)
1C
Ootidogenesis (meiosis II)
Minutes after fertilization


Ovum
haploid/23(1N)
1C



Oogonium —(Oocytogenesis)—> Primary Oocyte —(Meiosis I)—> First Polar Body (Discarded afterward) + Secondary oocyte —(Meiosis II)—> Second Polar Body (Discarded afterward) + Ovum
It should be noted that oocyte meiosis, important to all animal life cycles yet unlike all other instances of animal cell division, occurs completely without the aid of spindle-coordinating centrosomes.[3][4]
The creation of oogonia[edit]
The creation of oogonia traditionally doesn't belong to oogenesis proper, but, instead, to the common process of gametogenesis, which, in the female human, begins with the processes of folliculogenesis, oocytogenesis, and ootidogenesis. In The female ovary outer part is called cortex and inner part is called medulla . The cortex consist of many large cells called oogonia . All the oogonia to be used throughout the land fe of a woman are probably produced before the birth which usually don't get mature after. Ova are produced from oogonia.
Human oogenesis[edit]
Oocytogenesis[edit]
Oogenesis starts with the process of developing oogonia, which occurs via the transformation of primordial follicles into primary oocytes, a process called oocytogenesis.[5] Oocytogenesis is complete either before or shortly after birth.
Number of primary oocytes[edit]
It is commonly believed that, when oocytogenesis is complete, no additional primary oocytes are created, in contrast to the male process of spermatogenesis, where gametocytes are continuously created. In other words, primary oocytes reach their maximum development at ~20[6] weeks of gestational age, when approximately seven million primary oocytes have been created; however, at birth, this number has already been reduced to approximately 1-2 million.
Recently, however, two publications have challenged the belief that a finite number of oocytes are set around the time of birth.[7][8] The renewal of ovarian follicles from germline stem cells (originating from bone marrow and peripheral blood) has been reported in the postnatal mouse ovary. In contrast, DNA clock measurements do not indicate ongoing oogenesis during human females' lifetimes.[9] Thus, further experiments are required to determine the true dynamics of small follicle formation.
Ootidogenesis[edit]
The succeeding phase of ootidogenesis occurs when the primary oocyte develops into an ootid. This is achieved by the process of meiosis. In fact, a primary oocyte is, by its biological definition, a cell whose primary function is to divide by the process of meiosis.[10]
However, although this process begins at prenatal age, it stops at prophase I. In late fetal life, all oocytes, still primary oocytes, have halted at this stage of development, called the dictyate. After menarche, these cells then continue to develop, although only a few do so every menstrual cycle.
Meiosis I[edit]
Meiosis I of ootidogenesis begins during embryonic development, but halts in the diplotene stage of prophase I until puberty. The mouse oocyte in the dictyate (prolonged diplotene) stage actively repairs DNA damage, whereas DNA repair is not detectable in the pre-dictyate (leptotene, zygotene and pachytene) stages of meiosis.[11] For those primary oocytes that continue to develop in each menstrual cycle, however, synapsis occurs and tetrads form, enabling chromosomal crossover to occur. As a result of meiosis I, the primary oocyte has now developed into the secondary oocyte and the first polar body.
Meiosis II[edit]
Immediately after meiosis I, the haploid secondary oocyte initiates meiosis II. However, this process is also halted at the metaphase II stage until fertilization, if such should ever occur. When meiosis II has completed, an ootid and another polar body have now been created.
Folliculogenesis[edit]
Main article: Folliculogenesis
Synchronously with ootidogenesis, the ovarian follicle surrounding the ootid has developed from a primordial follicle to a preovulatory one.
Maturation into ovum[edit]
Both polar bodies disintegrate at the end of Meiosis II, leaving only the ootid, which then eventually undergoes maturation into a mature ovum.
The function of forming polar bodies is to discard the extra haploid sets of chromosomes that have resulted as a consequence of meiosis.
In vitro maturation[edit]
Main article: In vitro maturation
In vitro maturation (IVM) is the technique of letting ovarian follicles mature in vitro. It can potentially be performed before an IVF. In such cases, ovarian hyperstimulation isn't essential. Rather, oocytes can mature outside the body prior to IVF. Hence, no (or at least a lower dose of) gonadotropins have to be injected in the body.[12] However, there still isn't enough evidence to prove the effectiveness and security of the technique.[12]
Oogenesis in non-mammals[edit]
Main article: Evolution of sexual reproduction




Diagram of oogenesis in a digenean (Platyhelminthes)


Some algae and the oomycetes produce eggs in oogonia. In the brown alga Fucus, all four egg cells survive oogenesis, which is an exception to the rule that generally only one product of female meiosis survives to maturity.
In plants, oogenesis occurs inside the female gametophyte via mitosis. In many plants such as bryophytes, ferns, and gymnosperms, egg cells are formed in archegonia. In flowering plants, the female gametophyte has been reduced to an eight-celled embryo sac within the ovule inside the ovary of the flower. Oogenesis occurs within the embryo sac and leads to the formation of a single egg cell per ovule.
In ascaris, the oocyte does not even begin meiosis until the sperm touches it, in contrast to mammals, where meiosis is completed in the estrus cycle.
See also[edit]

Anisogamy
Archegonium
Evolution of sexual reproduction
Female infertility
Female reproductive system
Meiosis
Oncofertility
Oogonium
Oocyte
Origin and function of meiosis
Sexual reproduction
Spermatogenesis

References[edit]



^ Merriam-Webster Online Dictionary Definition: Oogenesis
^ Gilbert, Scott F. (2000-01-01). "Oogenesis". 
^ Szollosi D, Calarco P, Donahue RP (1972). "Absence of centrioles in the first and second meiotic spindles of mouse oocytes". J Cell Sci. 11 (2): 521–541. PMID 5076360. 
^ Manandhar G, Schatten H, Sutovsky P (January 2005). "Centrosome reduction during gametogenesis and its significance". Biol. Reprod. 72: 2–13. PMID 15385423. doi:10.1095/biolreprod.104.031245. 
^ NCBI - The saga of the germ line
^ Lobo RA (September 2003). "Early ovarian ageing: a hypothesis. What is early ovarian ageing?". Hum. Reprod. 18 (9): 1762–4. PMID 12923124. doi:10.1093/humrep/deg377. 
^ Johnson J, Bagley J, Skaznik-Wikiel M, et al. (July 2005). "Oocyte generation in adult mammalian ovaries by putative germ cells in bone marrow and peripheral blood". Cell. 122 (2): 303–15. PMID 16051153. doi:10.1016/j.cell.2005.06.031. 
^ Johnson J, Canning J, Kaneko T, Pru J, Tilly J (2004). "Germline stem cells and follicular renewal in the postnatal mammalian ovary". Nature. 428 (6979): 145–50. PMID 15014492. doi:10.1038/nature02316. 
^ Forster P, Hohoff C, Dunkelmann B, Schürenkamp M, Pfeiffer H, Neuhuber F, Brinkmann B (2015). "Elevated germline mutation rate in teenage fathers". Proc R Soc B. 282: 20142898. PMC 4345458 . PMID 25694621. doi:10.1098/rspb.2014.2898. 
^ Biochem
^ Guli CL, Smyth DR (1988). "UV-induced DNA repair is not detectable in pre-dictyate oocytes of the mouse". Mutat Res. 208 (2): 115–119. PMID 3380109. doi:10.1016/s0165-7992(98)90010-0. 
^ a b Vejledning om kunstig befrugtning 2006 (Danish)




Bibliography


Manandhar G, Schatten H and Sutovsky P (2005). Centrosome reduction during gametogenesis and its significance. Biol Reprod, 72(1)2-13.

External links[edit]

Reproductive Physiology







v
t
e


Female reproductive system



Internal




Adnexa




Ovaries




Follicles



corpus

hemorrhagicum
luteum
albicans


Theca of follicle

externa
interna


Follicular antrum

Follicular fluid


Corona radiata
Zona pellucida
Membrana granulosa
Perivitelline space





Other



Germinal epithelium
Tunica albuginea
cortex

Cumulus oophorus
Stroma


Medulla








Fallopian tubes



Isthmus
Ampulla
Infundibulum
Fimbria
Ostium





Ligaments



Ovarian ligament
Suspensory ligament





Wolffian vestiges



Gartner's duct
Epoophoron

Vesicular appendages of epoophoron


Paroophoron








Uterus




Regions



corpus/body

Uterine cavity
Fundus


Cervix

External orifice
Cervical canal
Internal orifice
Supravaginal portion
Vaginal portion


Uterine horns





Layers



Endometrium
Myometrium
Perimetrium
Parametrium





Ligaments



Round ligament
Broad ligament
Cardinal ligament
Uterosacral ligament
Pubocervical ligament





General



Uterine glands








Vagina



Fossa of vestibule of vagina
Vaginal fornix
Hymen








External




Vulva




Labia



Mons pubis
Labia majora

Anterior commissure
Posterior commissure


Pudendal cleft
Labia minora

Frenulum of labia minora
Frenulum of clitoris


Vulval vestibule
Interlabial sulci
Bulb of vestibule
Vaginal orifice
vestibular glands/ducts

Bartholin's glands/Bartholin's ducts
Skene's glands/Skene's ducts







Clitoris



Crus of clitoris
Corpus cavernosum
Clitoral glans

Hood







Urethra



Urethral crest











Other



G-spot
Urethral sponge
Perineal sponge












v
t
e


Human physiology and endocrinology of sexual reproduction




Tanner scale



Menstrual and estrous cycle



Menarche
Menstruation
Follicular phase
Ovulation
Luteal phase





Gametogenesis



Spermatogenesis (spermatogonium
spermatocyte
spermatid
sperm)
Oogenesis (oogonium
oocyte
ootid
ovum)
Germ cell (gonocyte
gamete)





Human sexual behavior



Sexual arousal
Sexual intercourse
Masturbation
Erection
Orgasm
Ejaculation
Insemination
Fertilisation/Fertility
Implantation
Pregnancy
Postpartum period
Mechanics of sex





Life span



Prenatal development/Sexual dimorphism/Sexual differentiation (Feminization
Virilization)
Puberty (Gonadarche
Pubarche
Menarche
Spermarche
Adrenarche)
Maternal age / Paternal age
Climacteric (Menopause
Late-onset hypogonadism)





Egg



Ovum
Oviposition
Oviparity
Ovoviviparity
Vivipary





Reproductive endocrinology
and infertility



Hypothalamic–pituitary–gonadal axis
Hypothalamic–pituitary–prolactin axis
Andrology
Hormone





Breast



Thelarche
Breast development
Lactation
Breastfeeding












v
t
e


Sex



Biological terms



Sexual dimorphism

Male
Female


Sexual differentiation

Feminization
Virilization


Sex-determination system

XY
ZW
XO
Temperature-dependent
Haplodiploidy


Sex chromosome

X chromosome
Y chromosome


Testis determining factor
Hermaphrodite

Sequential hermaphroditism


Intersex





Sexual reproduction



Evolution of sexual reproduction

Anisogamy
Isogamy


Germ cell
Reproductive system
Sex organ
Meiosis
Gametogenesis

Spermatogenesis
Oogenesis


Gamete

spermatozoon
ovum


Fertilization

External
Internal


Sexual selection
Plant reproduction
Fungal reproduction
Sexual reproduction in animals

Sexual intercourse
Human reproduction







Sexuality



Plant sexuality
Animal sexuality
Human sexuality

Mechanics
Differentiation
Activity












 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Oogenesis&oldid=786139802"					
Categories: Developmental biologyGeneticsHuman female endocrine systemMeiosisHidden categories: Medicine infobox template using Dorlands parameter 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAragonésবাংলাБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎BosanskiCatalàDeutschEestiEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalegoՀայերենIdoBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųNederlandsPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaไทยУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 17 June 2017, at 14:31.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 









Orgenesis Subsidiary MaSTherCell to Manufacture TxCell's Lead Product Ovasave - YouTube 


 
  














































 
 

 
略過導覽功能
  
 

 
TW登入搜尋

 





載入中…
    




  


 
            選擇語言。

    
關閉 


瞭解詳情
View this message in English

您目前的 YouTube 語言設為中文 (繁體)。
您可以在下方變更這項偏好設定。
    


Learn more

      You're viewing YouTube in Chinese (Taiwan).
        You can change this preference below.
    



 


關閉

 


 

 喜歡，我要保留
復原
關閉
 




              無法播放這部影片。

    







候播清單候播清單候播清單候播清單 
全部移除中斷連線







即將播放下一部影片停止 


載入中…
    

 



 

候播清單
    
候播清單

__count__/__total__
    









 













































    Orgenesis Subsidiary MaSTherCell to Manufacture TxCell's Lead Product Ovasave
  



 










CorporateProfile













載入中…
    







        要取消訂閱「CorporateProfile」嗎？
      


取消
取消訂閱










        處理中...
    










訂閱已訂閱取消訂閱5,400 











載入中…
    









載入中…
    













        處理中...
    












 
新增至

稍後想再看一次嗎？

      要將這部影片加入播放清單，請先登入。
    
登入


分享

 更多
 


檢舉


要檢舉這部影片嗎？

      檢舉不當內容須先登入。
    
登入





字幕紀錄




統計資料



新增翻譯

觀看次數：330







0

喜歡這部影片嗎？

      如果想表達意見，請先登入。
    
登入



1


0

不喜歡這部影片嗎？

      如果想表達意見，請先登入。
    
登入



1











載入中…
    











載入中…
    





字幕紀錄
    





無法載入互動式字幕。
      








載入中…
    








載入中…
    





租看影片後，即可使用評分功能。




      目前無法使用這項功能，請稍後再試一次。
    




發佈日期：2015年8月6日GERMANTOWN, MD--(Marketwired - Jul 29, 2015) - Orgenesis Inc. (OTCQB: ORGS), a cell therapy and regenerative medicine company with a novel therapeutic technology dedicated to converting a patient's own cells into functioning insulin-producing cells as a treatment for diabetes, today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary, MaSTherCell, a Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with France-based TxCell (TXCL.PA) (Euronext Paris: FR0010127662 - TXCL), to manufacture clinical batches of Ovasave®, TxCell's lead product. Ovasave is an antigen specific autologous T regulatory somatic cell therapy in development for the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease. As part of the Memorandum of Understanding, MaSTherCell and TxCell also agreed to enter into discussions for the long-term clinical and commercial manufacturing by MaSTherCell of TxCell products.Ovasave batches manufactured by MaSTherCell will be used by TxCell in its ongoing Phase 2b trial, CATS29, for the treatment of Crohn's disease. The first clinical batches could be manufactured by MaSTherCell as soon as Q2 2016. CATS29 is a multi-center, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, multi-dose and multi-injection 4-parallel groups study. The trial has been designed to include 160 severe refractory Crohn's disease patients. It is currently on-going in 30 study sites in 6 countries including Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, and may be extended into the U.S. The United States Food and Drug Administration recently granted Fast Track Designation to Ovasave for the treatment of moderate to severe Crohn's disease."MaSTherCell is a European leader in cellular therapy products manufacturing with a significant track record in production of clinical materials. This strategic relationship with MaSTherCell is very important to TxCell," said Stéphane Boissel, Chief Executive Officer of TxCell.Vered Caplan, Chairperson and CEO of Orgenesis, commented, "We are pleased that MaSTherCell has entered into a substantial cell manufacturing agreement with TxCell for Ovasave, in an indication that has a clear unmet need which may best be treated through a cutting edge cell therapy like Ovasave. We look forward to working very closely with TxCell to deliver unparalleled manufacturing services for its trial." 



      類別
    

科學與技術




      授權
    

標準 YouTube 授權




 顯示完整資訊
只顯示部分資訊






載入中…
    















自動播放


啟用自動播放後，系統就會自動播放下一部建議影片。 

 


        即將播放
      






    TxCell controlled immunity
  

     - 播放時間：3:25。
  
ddellamon
觀看次數：4,764



3:25














    One Simple Idea: How Do I Get A Product Manufactured
  

     - 播放時間：4:21。
  
Chris Hamilton
觀看次數：5,692



4:21





    How to Design and Manufacture a Product
  

     - 播放時間：2:02。
  
Focus PDM
觀看次數：2,972



2:02





    Laxica Machines - Sanitary Napkin Manufacturing Process
  

     - 播放時間：3:18。
  
Laxica Machines
觀看次數：10,479



3:18





    Orgenesis Introductory Video
  

     - 播放時間：3:07。
  
Orgenesisinc
觀看次數：1,978



3:07





    Plastics Manufacturing: From Idea to Product
  

     - 播放時間：11:18。
  
SYSPRO Software Ltd.
觀看次數：39,034



11:18





    Formulation and Manufacturing Process of Adhesives, Glues and Resins
  

     - 播放時間：6:00。
  
Niir Project Consultancy Services Delhi
觀看次數：3,931



6:00





    RASA INDUSTRIAL RADIATORS
  

     - 播放時間：5:00。
  
özkan dağdeviren
觀看次數：14,073



5:00





    TES - Manufacturing of electric rotating machines
  

     - 播放時間：3:25。
  
TES VSETIN
觀看次數：6,129



3:25





    How to Design and Manufacture a Product
  

     - 播放時間：2:00。
  
Product Design
觀看次數：18,132



2:00





    How to Get a Product or Invention Manufactured
  

     - 播放時間：3:36。
  
Product Design
觀看次數：20,804



3:36





    Affordable Breakthrough Therapies, with Denis Bedoret of MaSTherCell
  

     - 播放時間：4:08。
  
KNect365 Life Sciences
觀看次數：206



4:08





    SNNLive - Orgenesis Inc. (OTCQB: ORGS)
  

     - 播放時間：7:36。
  
Stock News Now
觀看次數：679



7:36





    10 Manufacturing Processes That Are Oddly Satisfying to Watch
  

     - 播放時間：2:49。
  
Wonderful Engineering
觀看次數：310,641



2:49





    Bakery and pastry machines / manufacturer of equipment: Ferneto
  

     - 播放時間：7:01。
  
Ferneto
觀看次數：1,849



7:01





    Fully automatic transformer radiator production line
  

     - 播放時間：11:55。
  
haoshuomachine
觀看次數：12,147



11:55





    Ink complete production line
  

     - 播放時間：2:05。
  
Martin Wang
觀看次數：1,132



2:05





    Hindustan Adhesives Limited
  

     - 播放時間：2:14。
  
Business Video
觀看次數：2,627



2:14





    GE Opens New Plant to Manufacture Next-Generation Durathon Batteries
  

     - 播放時間：6:35。
  
GEreports
觀看次數：7,830



6:35





    Chennai Printing Ink Manufacturer Exporter of Flexo,Gravure,Screen,pad printing,offset
  

     - 播放時間：6:45。
  
Rupa Colourinks
觀看次數：11,694



6:45




正在載入更多建議...
    

顯示完整資訊









  

 
語言：
  
  中文



 
內容位置：
  
  台灣



 
嚴格篩選模式：
  
關閉



觀看紀錄 說明





載入中…
    






載入中…
    






載入中…
    


 關於
新聞中心
版權
創作者
廣告
開發人員
+YouTube
 條款
隱私權

政策與安全性
  
提供意見

測試新功能













載入中…
    














        處理中...
    









 
      如要將這部影片新增至「稍後觀看」播放清單，請登入帳戶

 

新增至
    





        正在載入播放清單...
    


 


 









































Orgenesis Signs Cell Therapy Product Development Memorandum of Understanding with CureCell of Korea - OTCMarkets.com





















OTC Markets


 





Home




Marketplaces















Market Activity



Current Market


Closing Summary


Broker Dealer Data


Corporate Actions


Short Sale Data


Reg SHO Data





News



Company News & Financials


Press Releases


Videos & Presentations


RSS Feeds


OTC Markets Events


OTC Markets Newsletter


OTC Markets Press Center





Services



Companies


Investors


Market Data


OTC Link® ATS





Research



Stock Screener


OTCQX Company List


Company Directory


Service Provider Directory


OTCQX Sponsors


Research Marketplace


Broker Dealer Directory


Prohibited Attorney List


Symbology


Glossary





Learn



Our Marketplaces


Market 101


Investor Protection


Reporting Requirements


American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)


How to Get Traded


Caveat Emptor Policy


FINRA & SEC Rules


Whitepapers


FAQs






 

 
 
 








Company Directory

|

Stock Screener







OTC Market Totals

-
Securities

-
Dollar Volume

-
Share Volume

-
Trades






 





Quote
Charts
Company Profile
News
Financials
Filings and Disclosure
Short Sales
Insider Disclosure
Research Reports
Videos and Presentations














ORGS


Orgenesis, Inc.










 


                
                    Common Stock
                
                
            

                    SEC Reporting - Current
                




				 OTCQB 
				
			









































 

OTC Disclosure & News Service








 

Orgenesis Signs Cell Therapy Product Development Memorandum of Understanding with CureCell of Korea
Apr 08, 2015
OTC Disclosure & News Service

                            
                                - 
Orgenesis Signs Cell Therapy Product Development Memorandum of Understanding with CureCell of Korea
Orgenesis Signs Cell Therapy Product Development Memorandum of Understanding with CureCell of Korea

SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA--(Marketwired - Apr 8, 2015) - Orgenesis Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Orgenesis Inc. (OTCQB: ORGS), a cell therapy and regenerative medicine company with a novel therapeutic technology dedicated to converting a patient's own cells into functioning insulin-producing cells as a treatment for diabetes, today announced it has entered a non-binding memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Korean company CureCell Co., Ltd.
The MOU was established as an initial step for finalizing a joint venture between CureCell and Orgenesis in order to develop and bring to market Orgenesis' Autologous Insulin Producing cell therapy product development activity in Korea.
"Korea has strongly supported the cell therapy industry over the past few years, and today, some of the most advanced clinical testing is conducted in Korea," said Vered Caplan, Chairperson and CEO of Orgenesis. "CureCell's vision for regenerative medicine and product development capabilities in Korea align well with our global research and development initiatives to provide a therapy for insulin dependent diabetic patients." 
David Kim, CEO of CureCell, claims, "Orgenesis' technology has tremendous potential in Korea as well as the rest of Asia. We strongly believe that CureCell is the optimal partner for Orgenesis. Our team has all the necessary capabilities to quickly push this into clinical trials so that this amazing technology may be approved for the Korean market and hopefully may be available to every diabetic patient that may benefit."
The memorandum of understanding is intended to be finalized by a definitive agreement and will be in effect until Orgenesis signs a formal agreement with CureCell.
About CureCell
CureCell is a Korean based company who is focused on developing innovative regenerative therapies for both the Korean and international markets. CureCell's management has identified several cell-therapy technologies that are developed in Korea in parallel to potential developments in the US and Europe. CureCell will focus on developing foreign technologies in Korea and Asia and in expanding international markets for Korean technologies. CureCell collaborates closely with leading medical and academic facilities aiming to become a market leader in the field of therapeutic development in Korea. 
About Orgenesis, Inc.
Orgenesis is a pre-clinical cell therapy and regenerative medicine company that is committed to curing Type 1 Diabetes. In pursuit of this goal, the company has developed and patented a novel technology called "cellular trans-differentiation" that turns an insulin-dependent patient's own liver cells into functional insulin producing cells. Orgenesis has proven that, when exposed ex-vivo to certain pancreatic transcription factors and in specific sequence, human adult liver cells can be transformed into fully functional, beta cell-like insulin producing cells (IPCs). After ex-vivo expansion, the IPCs are re-infused via the portal vein of the diabetic patient. In pre-clinical models of Type 1 Diabetes (Non-Obese Diabetic mice), the re-introduced IPCs remain in the liver, effectively respond to glucose challenge and successfully maintain glycemic homeostasis. In the same NOD model, the implanted IPCs were not subject to auto-immune attack or cellular ablation. Orgenesis plans to initiate P1/2 trials in the next 12-18 months. Orgenesis believes that converting the diabetic patient's own tissue into insulin-producing cells has the potential to overcome the significant issues of donor shortage, cost and exposure to chronic immunosuppressive therapy associated with islet cell transplantation. For more information, visit www.orgenesis.com.
Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This news release contains "forward-looking statements" which are not purely historical. Such forward-looking statements include, among other things, the expectations of management that our regeneration technology can be developed as therapeutic treatment for diabetes which could, if successful, be a cure for Type 1 Diabetes; that we will initiate Phase I and Phase II clinical trials in the near-term; and that we can reach a joint venture with CureCell to jointly develop and bring our products to market. No assurance can be given that any of the events anticipated by the forward-looking statements will occur or, if they do occur, what benefits Orgenesis will obtain from them. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including, among others, the potential failure of development candidates to advance through preclinical studies or demonstrate safety and efficacy in clinical testing; the ability to pass clinical trials so as to move on to the next phase; our ability to retain key employees; our ability to finance development and operations; our ability to satisfy the rigorous regulatory requirements for new medical procedures; we may not reach agreement with CureCell on joint venture terms; and competitors may develop better or cheaper alternatives to our products. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Investors should refer to the risk factors disclosure outlined in our periodic reports filed from time-to-time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Company Contact:
Vered Caplan
President and CEO
+ 972 544 301 034 (+7 hours from EST)
Vered.c@orgenesis.com 
Media Contact:
Tim Rush
Springboard5
(801) 208-1100
tim.rush@springboard5.com






Copyright © 2015 Marketwired. All Rights Reserved
The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases.












 



 



































	Orgenesis Inc. - Company Profile - BioCentury




























































Publications
archives
BCIQ
Conferences
version 4.3.15.600





Free Trial / Subscribe


SIGN IN



English
简体中文
日本語
한국어







Biocentury





Menu





                                        Home
                                        
+




                                        Publications
                                        
+



Publications Home >


BioCentury>


BC Innovations>


BC Extra>


BC Week In Review>


Current Issues>




Archives 
                                        
+



Archives Home >


Basic Search>


Advanced Search>


Back Issues>




BCIQ
                                        
+



BCIQ Home >


Overview>


Pipeline Analyst>


Financial Analyst>


Company Analyst>


Deal Analyst>




Conferences 
                                        
+




Conferences Home >


Newsmakers


Bio€quity Europe


Future Leaders


China Healthcare Summit


Other Industry Events





eLearning 
                                        
+



eLearning Home >


Videos>


White Papers>


                                            Follow Us
                                            


























BCIQ / Company Profile


BCIQ Overview   |    
                        Settings   |   
                        Support















Biocentury



Print this                                                    
                        
















                         
                            

    

    

    
                         
                        



                            Orgenesis Inc.
                        

                            (OTCQB:ORGS)
                        







print preview


export


bookmark


share with colleague





















General Information
                    






 Location

White Plains, N.Y.


 Region

New York State


 Country

U.S.


 Business Category

Endocrine/Metabolic


 Year Founded

2008


 Website

http://www.orgenesis.com



 Lead Product Status

Preclinical






















 Archive Items are loading
                            













 Financial Information
                        






 Financing
                                                Summary







 Financing Details







 Earnings
                                    Summary
                                






 Stocks Annual Chart
                                





















 Pipeline Information
                        






 Pipeline
                                                Summary







 Pipeline Details




















 Deals Information
                        






 Deals
                                                Summary







 Deals Details






















About Biocentury


Company Overview


Management


Editorial & Research




Contact


Contact Us


Advertising & Sponsorship


Career Opportunities




Support


Forgot Password


Customer Service


Reprints


FAQs




Products & Solutions


Products Overview


Publications


Archives


BCIQ


Conferences


eLearning


RSS Feeds




Legal


User Agreement


Terms of Use


Privacy Policy


Your California Privacy Rights


Use of Images

Follow Us
                            











What is BioCentury?
BioCentury employs a fully integrated multimedia platform — including publications, video, online data solutions and conferences — to provide its audience with authoritative and up-to-date intelligence about corporate strategy, partnering, emerging technology, clinical data, public policy and the financial markets.

Sign in
Free Trial












© 2017 BioCentury Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     
                        Terms & Conditions
                          |  
                        Privacy Policy











Set Email Alert






dummy











GroGenesis - natural plant enhancement technologies • GroGenesis Inc.     Find us on Facebook0.30 N/A () | 08/01/2017 | OTCQB: GROG MENU  CORPORATE  ABOUT US  TECHNOLOGY  INVESTORS  NEWS  CONTACT Stimulate Plant Growth | Protect & Nurture | Improve Quality & Yield | Grow Revenues TechnologyTechnologyGroGenesis is a leader in all-natural plant growth enhancement technology that improves crop yields without employing toxins…AgraBurst™See the DifferenceAgraBurst™ See the DifferenceSignificant increases in plant health, growth and yields resulting from AgraBurst™ applications...Our MarketsOur MarketsAvailable under license, participating agri-partners can provide safe, effective solutions to boost commercial farm production... OverviewGroGenesis Inc. (GROG) aims to position itself as a leading producer of natural plant health enhancement technologies. The Company’s patent-pending AgraBurst PRO™ product dramatically stimulates nutrient and water uptake in plants. It’s a plant-based extract that is non-toxic, non-GMO, carcinogen-free, biodegradable and safe for use in all soil conditions.Unlike fertilizers, AgraBurst PRO™ amplifies the plant's natural capacity to absorb nutrients through its own foliage while augmenting root development and soil uptake. AgraBurst PRO™ speeds nutrient transport at the cellular level, resulting in improved photosynthesis and increased absorption of the primary keys to growth: water, sugars, and minerals. AgraBurst PRO™ introduced to commercial agricultural applications...Result?Significant increases in yields, plant health and economics~~~GroGenesisandAgraBurst PRO™ Watch us Grow!Corporate NewsGroGenesis Inc. Announces Memorandum of Understanding with Curewel International as Master Distributor of AgraBurst PRO™ in Cambodia, Vietnam, Sri Lanka and LaosJuly 25, 2017GroGenesis Announces First Shipments of AgraBurst PRO to GroGenesis Caribbean Solutions, Inc.July 14, 2017In The News Emerging Markets Report: A Cuban ConnectionNovember 10, 2016 Emerging Markets Report: A Commitment to ValueJuly 13, 2016 Cuba’s sustainable agriculture at risk in U.S. thawMarch 25, 2016 Global Food Crisis - The End of PlentyOctober 1, 2015 Enhancing high-temperature tolerance in plants: Effective on rice and tomatoesMarch 2, 2015 Battle to feed the world pits small farmers against big agricultureFebruary 19, 2015 Corn research targets less nitrogen useOctober 23, 2013 Essential fertilizer trends: China’s food price picksOctober 22, 2013 Chinese grain imports to strain world food supply - expertOctober 18, 2013 Study: Global food production on the rise, but challenges loom as population growsOctober 16, 2013  


Orgenesis Inc. (ORGS)























Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Sitemap

























Orgenesis





Leading the revolution in regenerative cellular therapy






Manufacturing: MaSTherCell
Orgenesis is a premier service provider in the regenerative medicine industry. Orgenesis provides contract development and manufacturing (CDMO) services for many of the world’s leading pharmaceutical and biotech companies, as well as research institutions and hospitals involved in cutting edge cell therapy. Learn about our Manufacturing
 


Advanced Cell Therapies
Transdifferentiation PlatformLead Indication: Insulin Dependent Diabetes
Through our subsidiary Orgenesis Ltd., Orgenesis has developed a unique, proprietary technology platform that transforms the patient’s own liver cell into a fully functional and physiologically glucose-responsive insulin-producing cell, designed to provide long-term insulin independence.  Explore our Technology
 










Manufacturing with MaSTherCell
MaSTherCell is a leading contract development and manufacturing (CDMO), with rapidly growing global operations servicing many of the world's leading healthcare companies and organizations through a scalable, highly-efficient, commercial manufacturing platform that reduces costs and time-to-market for advanced cell therapies.
MaSTherCell provides its customers: (i) process and assay development and optimization services; and (ii) the highest quality accredited contract manufacturing services (iii) Logistic services for collection of starting material (biopsies and so on) and supply of released product. View Our Manufacturing 





Your browser does not support the video tag. I suggest you upgrade your browser.







Dedicated to Curing Insulin Dependent Diabetes
Orgenesis, Ltd. is working on developing a practical cure for insulin dependent diabetes using Autologous Insulin Producing ("AIP") cells and the technology of "cellular transdifferentiation" to transform an autologous adult liver cell into a fully functional and physiologically glucose-responsive insulin-producing cell.
The platform technology seeks to provide diabetes patients with long-term insulin independence, which would transform the lives of these patients suffering from this debilitating disease. What We're up to 











Latest News


Jun 12, 2017
Orgenesis to Present at the 2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference
View all News






Latest Events


Jun 16, 2017 • 10:00am EDT
2017 Marcum MicroCap Conference
View all Events












                            Investor Relations
                        
View Investor Relations






Orgenesis Inc.






OTCQB: ORGS
Symbol







Price







Change







Market Cap







Volume





Day Range





52 WK Range

















About Orgenesis Inc (ORGS) - Investing.com





























































































x




Breaking News




















 
 
















 Search website for: 





Popular Searches












Trending Stocks 
Stock Screener 






Sign in/Sign up 

0

Recent Alerts


Sign up to create alerts for Instruments, 
Economic Events and content by followed authors
Sign up Already have an account? Sign in

 







English (UK)TürkçeEnglish (India)‏العربية‏English (Canada)ΕλληνικάEnglish (Australia)SvenskaEnglish (South Africa)SuomiDeutschעבריתEspañol (España)日本語Español (México)한국어Français中文Italiano香港NederlandsBahasa IndonesiaPortuguês (Portugal)Bahasa MelayuPolskiไทยPortuguês (Brasil)Tiếng ViệtРусский 





跳转到中文版 

            您更倾向于浏览Investing.com的中文版吗？        

不，谢谢是，跳转至中文站 


 




















Orgenesis Inc (ORGS)	


 
OTC Markets








Create Alert 

Create Alert



New!
Create Alert


Website

As an alert notification
To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account



Mobile App





To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account
Make sure you are signed-in with the same user profile





Condition


Price
Change
Volume





Moves above
Moves below


Frequency
Once                


Gains / Loses
Gains
Loses

%
					Frequency
Recurring
Once



Volume exceeds


Frequency
Recurring
Once



For all future releases
Just for the upcoming release
Send me a reminder 1 trading day before






Delivery Method
 Website popup
 Mobile App notifications
 Email Notifications


Status









Create Manage my alerts 



Back 

 



 

Add to/Remove from a Portfolio
My Portfolio









Add to Watchlist				

Add Position				




Position added successfully to:					










Please name your holdings portfolio




Type:

BUY
SELL



Date:










 



Amount:



Price



Point Value:






Leverage:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



Commission:









 

Create a new watchlist
Create 


Create a new holdings portfolio
Add
Create 

+ Add another position
Close 














0.4900
+0.0500
  
+11.36%



31/07 - Closed. Currency in USD ( Disclaimer )


 

Type:
Equity


Market:
United States


ISIN:
US68619K1051 


S/N:
68619K105

 



Volume: 200
Bid/Ask: 0.0000 / 0.0000
Day's Range: 0.4900 - 0.4900

 
START TRADING NOW 
your capital is at risk






Orgenesis Inc
0.4900
+0.0500
+11.36%




START TRADING NOW 
your capital is at risk



 

                General                 
 


Chart
 
 


Streaming Chart
Interactive Chart




News & Analysis
 
 


News




Financials
 
 


Financial Summary
Income Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow
Ratios
Dividends
Earnings




Technical
 
 


Technical Analysis
Candlestick Patterns
Consensus Estimates




Forum
 
 


Discussions
Recent Sentiments
User Rankings






Overview


Profile


Historical Data




Orgenesis Inc Company Profile

 
			

Get an in-depth profile of Orgenesis Inc, including a general overview of the company's business and key management, as well as employee data and location and contact information.









 


IndustryBiotechnology & Drugs
SectorHealthcare
Employees1
Equity TypeORD


Orgenesis Inc. is a regenerative therapy company. The Company operates through two segments: Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO) and Cellular Therapy Business (CTB). The CDMO activity is operated by the Company's subsidiary, MaSTherCell SA, which specializes in cell therapy development for advanced medicinal products. MaSTherCell is providing two types of services to its customers: process and assay development services and good manufacturing practice (GMP) contract manufacturing services. The CTB activity is based on its technology that demonstrates the capacity to induce a shift in the developmental fate of cells from the liver and differentiating (converting) them into pancreatic beta cell-like insulin producing cells for patients with Type I Diabetes. It intends to advance a product that combines cell-based therapy and regenerative medicine, Autologous Insulin Producing (AIP) cells, into clinical development.


Contact Information


Address
Germantown, MD 20876-4064United States



Phone
+1-480-6596404



Fax
-



Web
www.orgenesis.com




Loading...



Top Executives



Name
Age
Since
Title




Sarah Ferber
60
2012
Chief Scientific Officer


Neil T. Reithinger
46
2014
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary


Vered Caplan
46
2016
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President; Chief Executive Officer of Orgenesis Mary








Add a Comment

Comment Guidelines
 

        Comment Guidelines        


We encourage you to use comments to engage with users, share your perspective and ask questions of authors and each other. However, in order to maintain the high level of discourse we’ve all come to value and expect, please keep the following criteria in mind: 

Enrich the conversation
Stay focused and on track. Only post material that’s relevant to the topic being discussed.
Be respectful. Even negative opinions can be framed positively and diplomatically.
 Use standard writing style. Include punctuation and upper and lower cases.
NOTE: Spam and/or promotional messages and links within a comment will be removed
Avoid profanity, slander or personal attacks directed at an author or another user.
Don’t Monopolize the Conversation. We appreciate passion and conviction, but we also believe strongly in giving everyone a chance to air their thoughts. Therefore, in addition to civil interaction, we expect commenters to offer their opinions succinctly and thoughtfully, but not so repeatedly that others are annoyed or offended. If we receive complaints about individuals who take over a thread or forum, we reserve the right to ban them from the site, without recourse.
Only English comments will be allowed.

Perpetrators of spam or abuse will be deleted from the site and prohibited from future registration at Investing.com’s discretion. 
I have read Investing.com's comments guidelines and agree to the terms described.

I Agree 













 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post 
Post also to:


1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 



Thanks for your comment. Please note that all comments are pending until approved by our moderators. It may therefore take some time before it appears on our website.




			
				
    
        
                                    {username}
                                Just Now
                
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
                 Author's response                 
                                            
                            
                            
                        
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                                        {commentContent}
                    
                                            
                            Reply
							
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                        
                                    
            
        
        			
			
				
    
        
                            {username}
                        Just Now
			 Author's response 			
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
            
                                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                                {commentContent}
                
                                    
                        Reply
						
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                    
                
            
        
    
			
			
				
					Show more comments ()
				
			
			
				
					Show more replies ()
				
			
		










 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post
1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 

 


 
     



Report this comment

I feel that this comment is:
Spam
Offensive
Irrelevant


Submit 



Comment flagged



Thank You!
            Your report has been sent to our moderators for review        


Close 



Add Chart to Comment







Cancel
Attach 

Disclaimer: Fusion Media would like to remind you that the data  contained in this website is not necessarily real-time nor accurate.  All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures) and Forex prices are not provided by exchanges but rather by market makers, and so prices may not be accurate and may differ from the actual market price, meaning prices are indicative and not appropriate for trading purposes.  Therefore Fusion Media doesn`t bear any responsibility for any trading losses you might incur as a result of using this data.
Fusion Media or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on  the information including data, quotes, charts and buy/sell signals contained within this website. Please be fully informed regarding the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, it is one of the riskiest investment forms possible.  
 




Find A Broker



Forex
CFDs
Binary Options
Stocks






















































 

 


Indices
Commodities
Forex
Bonds

More Categories

Tabs SelectionIndicesCommoditiesForexBondsStocksETFs%COUNT%/4 selected Apply1D1W1M6M1Y5YMax S&P 500 Futures2,475.50+7.50+0.30%  Nasdaq Futures5,903.62+21.12+0.36%  Dow 3021,891.12+60.81+0.28%  S&P 500 VIX10.12-0.14-1.36%  DAX12,230.50+112.25+0.93%  Nikkei 22519,986.00+60.82+0.31%  US Dollar Index92.80+0.13+0.14%  Euro Index94.10-0.17-0.18%  Gold1,266.89+0.29+0.02%  Silver16.721-0.065-0.39%  Copper2.879-0.013-0.43%  Crude Oil WTI49.88-0.29-0.58%  Brent Oil52.37-0.35-0.66%  Natural Gas2.790-0.004-0.14%  US Cotton #269.13+0.27+0.39%  US Coffee C138.43-0.77-0.55%  EUR/USD1.1817-0.0024-0.20%  GBP/USD1.3223+0.0008+0.06%  USD/JPY110.45+0.19+0.17%  USD/CAD1.2483+0.0010+0.08%  AUD/USD0.7970-0.0033-0.41%  USD/CNH6.7246-0.0016-0.02%  ETH/USD218.01+18.51+9.28%  BTC/USD2,744.9-137.1-4.76%  US 10Y Yield2.316+0.024+1.03%  US 30Y Yield2.924+0.026+0.90%  US 2Y Yield1.363+0.012+0.90%  US 5Y Yield1.850+0.018+1.00%  US 10Y T-Note125.71-0.14-0.11%  US 30Y T-Bond152.42-0.50-0.33%  Euro Bund162.17+0.20+0.12%  UK Gilt125.80-0.23-0.18%  Start Trading Todayyour capital is at risk 
  


ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocks 




 Tabs Selection 

ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocksBondsETFs 
 %COUNT%/4 selected Apply


Timeframe                    
1 min.
5 mins
15 mins
30 mins
Hourly
5 Hours
Daily
Weekly










EUR/USD
1.1817

-0.0024 -0.20%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 10
Sell 2



Indicators:
Buy 9
Sell 0

 



EUR/USD
1.1817

-0.0024 -0.20%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 10
Sell 2



Indicators:
Buy 9
Sell 0



GBP/USD
1.3223

+0.0008 +0.06%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 10
Sell 2



Indicators:
Buy 8
Sell 2



USD/JPY
110.45

+0.19 +0.17%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 1
Sell 11



Indicators:
Buy 0
Sell 8



AUD/USD
0.7970

-0.0033 -0.41%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 5
Sell 7



Indicators:
Buy 6
Sell 1



USD/CAD
1.2483

+0.0010 +0.08%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 2
Sell 10



Indicators:
Buy 2
Sell 6



EUR/JPY
130.52

-0.04 -0.03%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 11
Sell 1



Indicators:
Buy 4
Sell 1



EUR/CHF
1.1410

-0.0040 -0.35%



Summary
Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 6
Sell 6



Indicators:
Buy 6
Sell 2



Gold Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Silver Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Copper Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Crude Oil WTI Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Brent Oil Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Natural Gas Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US Coffee C Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Dow Jones Industrial Averag..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nasdaq 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



DAX


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



FTSE 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



CAC 40


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nikkei 225


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Apple Inc


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Alphabet Inc Class A


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Bank of America Corp


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



JPMorgan Chase & Co


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Exxon Mobil Corporation


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



BP PLC


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N.


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 2-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 5-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 10-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 30-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Euro Bund Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US 10 Year T-Note Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Japan Government Bond Futur..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



UK Gilt Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR Dow Jones Industrial A..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 1000 Growth


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 2000


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



PowerShares QQQ Trust Serie..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort S&P500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort QQQ


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 




 
 
EUR/USD
1.1817
Strong Buy
 


 
 
GBP/USD
1.3223
Strong Buy
 


 
 
USD/JPY
110.45
Strong Sell
 


 
 
AUD/USD
0.7970
Neutral
 


 
 
USD/CAD
1.2483
Strong Sell
 


 
 
EUR/JPY
130.52
Strong Buy
 


 
 
EUR/CHF
1.1410
Buy
 






 
 
Gold


 


 
 
Silver


 


 
 
Copper


 


 
 
Crude Oil WTI


 


 
 
Brent Oil


 


 
 
Natural Gas


 


 
 
US Coffee C


 






 
 
Dow 30


 


 
 
Nasdaq 100


 


 
 
S&P 500


 


 
 
DAX


 


 
 
FTSE 100


 


 
 
CAC 40


 


 
 
Nikkei 225


 






 
 
Apple


 


 
 
Alphabet A


 


 
 
Bank of America


 


 
 
JPMorgan


 


 
 
Exxon Mobil


 


 
 
BP


 


 
 
Deutsche Bank AG


 



 

Start Trading Todayyour capital is at risk 
Recent Quotes NamePriceChg.Chg. %  ORGS0.4900+0.0500+11.36% 


Add to Watchlist
Add to Watchlist


Add to Watchlist (Max 50)

Select where to add the results:





			Added successfully		


Create Portfolio
Apply 



Create 



Close 

 



 

Market Movers


Most Active
Gainers %
Losers %







 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
SNI
87.41
+0.58%
27.85M

 


 
FB
169.25
-1.86%
25.48M

 


 
AAPL
148.73
-0.52%
19.85M

 


 
BABA
154.95
-1.66%
17.78M

 


 
TSLA
323.47
-3.46%
8.54M

 


 
AMZN
987.78
-3.16%
7.35M

 


 
CHTR
391.91
+5.85%
6.27M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
CHTR
391.91
+5.85%
6.27M

 


 
SCG
64.37
+5.03%
4.79M

 


 
LVNTA
60.580
+4.74%
1.41M

 


 
UA
18.110
+4.32%
6.84M

 


 
AMG
185.83
+4.02%
582.83K

 


 
COST
158.51
+3.68%
6.94M

 


 
IRM
36.43
+3.52%
2.49M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
DISCK
23.13
-9.29%
12.35M

 


 
DISCA
24.60
-8.21%
25.69M

 


 
COL
106.53
-6.33%
3.96M

 


 
MU
28.12
-3.96%
41.11M

 


 
CNC
79.42
-3.95%
2.04M

 


 
SWN
5.70
-3.88%
21.67M

 


 
EQT
63.70
-3.63%
4.46M

 

 


Promotions

 
TradeTime’s Gift to You! $100 FREE No Deposit
TradeTime 


 
Playbook 2017 eBook - The Trends that are Shaping 2017!
Alvexo 


 
50% DISCOUNT FOR SUMMER TRADING!
FxGrow 


 
Welcome Bonus $123
FBS 

 
Webinars






Identify sell and buy market areas

Tuesday, August 1, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









The Power Of Gold In Your Hands & The Forces Behind It

Tuesday, August 1, 2017 | 02:00PM EDT 









Does your trading edge suck? Lets fix it

Thursday, August 3, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Intraday indicator Pivot point (daily formula)

Tuesday, August 8, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 





   
















 

Sign up for FREE and get:
 Real-Time Alerts
 Advanced Portfolio Features
 Personalized Charts
 Fully-Synced App








Continue with Facebook



Continue with Google


or

Sign up with Email





 










