
	
	
	
	PETRONAS



























































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.


			Turn on more accessible mode



			Turn off more accessible mode



			Skip Ribbon Commands



			Skip to main content




























You are in our Corporate Site



















Toggle navigation












About UsOur BusinessSustainabilityInvestor RelationsMediaCareersTechnology








 









Contact Us




















 



Discover more 



We’re not only providing answers to tomorrow’s energy needs but redefining the futureDiscover more 



Conserving Sabah’s Imbak Canyon rainforest for generations to comeDiscover more





























WHAT WE DO






						 		Redefining the future of energy with integrated 
								operations around the world and leading 
								portfolios that strategically unlock and 
								maximise resources from challenging 
								environments.
						 	
 


								Upstream

								Downstream

								Project Delivery & Technology











BE OUR PARTNER






						 		We value the partnerships we've forged over the 
								years, giving both parties opportunity to grow 
								and benefit together. 						 	
 


								Dealership

								Licensing & Registration

								e-Procurement











JOIN US






					 		Be at the forefront of innovation. Our official 
							online recruitment portal is 
							www.petronas.com.my/career and those who seek 
							employment with the company are strongly encourage 
							and advised to visit this portal
					 	


							Careers

							Internship Opportunity

							Education Sponsorship

































							Latest news View 
							all news



28/07/2017PETRONAS AND PTT SIGN AGREEMENT FOR EQUITY INTEREST IN PETRONAS LNG 927/07/2017PC VIETNAM HANDS OVER BLOCKS 01 AND 02 TO PETROVIETNAM FOLLOWING PSC NATURAL EXPIRY26/07/2017PETRONAS AND PARTNERS WILL NOT PROCEED WITH PACIFIC NORTHWEST LNG PROJECT

















FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA!

 
 
 
 
 


































Careers


Careers @ PETRONAS


Connect with us












































































JFE Engineering (M) Sdn. Bhd.






















Oil & Gas / Energy



Home

Our Business























 
 
 
 
 
 


      


Petronas Dagangan Berhad / Shell Malaysia Trading Sdn. Bhd.



Outline


                    	Multi-Product Pipeline Project
    					EPCC of 16" x 130km Petroleum product pipeline from Petronas Melaka Refinery and Shell Port Dickson refinery to KLIA and KVDT including SCADA Control System for transporting 4 types of product oil in the same pipeline by time share.
  					



Contractor


    					JFE Engineering (M) Sdn. Bhd.
  					



Completion


    					1997
  					


















 
 
 
 
 


      


Pembinaan OCK Sdn. Bhd.



Outline


    					Sutera Harbour Co-generation Plant Project
                        EPCC & Installation of 38MW (9.5MW x 4 Units) Power Plant
  					



Contractor


    					JFE Engineering (M) Sdn. Bhd.
  					



Completion


    					1998
  					
















 
 
 


      


Petronas Methanol (Labuan) Sdn. Bhd.



Outline


                        Thermal Swing Absorbtion & Air Separation Plant In Petronas Methanol Plant at Federal Territory of Labuan
  					



Contractor


    					JFE Engineering (M) Sdn. Bhd.
  					



Completion


    					2009
  					

















 
 
 
 


      


Petronas Gas (Malaysia) / Keppel Gas (Singapore)



Outline


    					Johore-Singapore Submarine Gas Pipeline Project
                        Pipeline laying between Johor in Malaysia and Singapore. Total length of 4.2Km (Subsea 2.7 Km / Onland 1.5Km) with Ø600A concrete coating pipes.
  					



Contractor


    					JFE Engineering (M) Sdn. Bhd.
  					




Location


    					Pletong, Johore to Senoko, Singapore
  					





Completion


    					2006
  					














For More Projects, visit JFE HQ Website


Click Here

















	
            Our Company
            
            
            About Us
            
        


























































































                    Turn on more accessible mode
                



                    Turn off more accessible mode
                








Sign In


















































Contact Us										                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        










It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.












PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                









PCG
Our CompanyCurrently selected
About UsVisionCEO's MessageMilestonesOur OperationsQuick FactsGroup StructureBoard MembersThe Management TeamAchievementsFAQGovernance
Investor Relations
PCG at a GlanceKey Financial DataAnalyst BriefingAnnual ReportAGMCorporate PresentationInvestor Relations PolicyContact Investor RelationsBursa Announcements
News & Highlights
OverviewPress ReleaseHighlights
HSE
Strive for ZeroHealth, Safety & Environment PolicyHealth, Safety & Environment Certification
Events

































About UsCurrently selectedVisionCEO's MessageMilestonesOur OperationsQuick FactsGroup StructureBoard MembersThe Management TeamAchievementsFAQGovernance
Board CharterBoard Diversity PolicyTerms of Reference of Nomination and Remuneration Committee Board Audit Committee’s Terms of Reference 














PCG > Our Company






                            
                            
                            About Us
                            
                            




Page Image


Page Content ​​PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad (PCG) is the leading integrated chemicals producer in Malaysia and one of the largest in South East Asia. We operate a number of world class production sites, which are fully integrated from feedstock to downstream end-products. With a total combined production capacity of 10.8 million metric tonnes per annum (mtpa), we are involved primarily in manufacturing, marketing and selling a diversified range of chemical products, including olefins, polymers, fertilisers, methanol and other basic chemicals and derivative products. Listed on Main Market Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (Bursa Malaysia) and with nearly three decades of experience in the chemicals industry, PCG was established as part of the PETRONAS Group to maximise value from Malaysia's natural gas resources. 





















Sitemap
                » Media
                » Events
                » News & Highlights
                » Sustainability
                » HSE
                » Products
                » Investor Relations
                » Our Company






Quicklinks
                » PETRONAS website
                » M&A of PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad
                » PETRONAS Sustainability Reports
                » FTSE4GOOD Bursa Malaysia Index
                » PETRONAS Safety Data Sheet Portal
                » Discover Your Potential with PETRONAS
                » Governance - Foreword by the President and CEO of PETRONAS Group
                » PETRONAS Code of Conduct and Business Ethics (CoBE)
                » Whistleblowing Policy 
                » Bursa Malaysia


















Legal Notice
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                


Scam Notice
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                



							Copyright 2014 PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad (459830-K). All rights reserved. 							
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
Privacy Policy
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            





							|
							                                                                                                                                            Use Terms & Conditions
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            





							| 
							                                                                                                                                            Accessibility
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            Best viewed in Internet Explorer 8 and above
                        
















PETRONAS Brands - 網誌 | Facebook













Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁關於相片影片Customer ServiceCooking Gas Safety Tips貼文活動網誌社群建立粉絲專頁網誌PETRONAS Brands · 2011年10月12日 · PETRONAS DAGANGAN BERHAD WOWS CUSTOMERS WITH F1 STAR SERVICEPetaling Jaya, 7 October 2011 –  Six customers were “ambushed” by PETRONAS’ Formula 1 driver Nico Rosberg at two of its PETRONAS service stations (PSS). To bring the international Formula One touch to its road customers in Malaysia, PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad recently invited Nico Rosberg, the Mercedes GP PETRONAS Formula One driver, to surprise cust⋯⋯omers at its PETRONAS Mutiara Damansara and PETRONAS TTDI stations. As part of the Company’s ‘Experience to Believe’ initiative, Rosberg was scheduled to suddenly appear at these two PSS and offer to fuel-up the customers’ vehicles. Delighted at their stroke of luck, the customers watched wide-eyed as the Formula One sensation took over the nozzle and started fuelling up their vehicles.The surprise visit was specially organised by PDB as part of its commitment to provide a unique fuelling experience for its valued customers. During the day, six customers, chosen at random, found themselves lucky to meet Rosberg up close and in person while having their vehicles fuelled up by the F1 star.At the event, Ir Izuddin Husaini Mohd Yusoff, Senior General Manager of Retail Business Division said, “As the Brand of 1st Choice, at PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad, we continue to go ‘All The Way’ to enrich our customers’ experience – be it from the product and services that we offer or through the various customer engagement activities that we organise.”“When our valued customers step into any of our 962 PETRONAS Service Stations nationwide, we want them to know that what PETRONAS offers is a unique fuelling experience. That is why we have specially arranged this surprise visit by Nico Rosberg. Going forward, PDB will continue to provide our customers the ‘Xtra’ element through various on-the-ground activities,” he added.Rosberg was in Malaysia briefly before continuing on his Grand Prix tour to Japan. He first arrived at the PSS Mutiara Damansara where he spent about 15 minutes interacting with the customers. Following this, he arrived at the PSS Taman Tun Dr Ismail, where he was surrounded by fans the moment he stepped in.One of the customers, Syed Hashim Omar Aljunid said, “I was really surprised! It was definitely a good kind of surprise – to have a Formula One world championship driver fuel up my car. For me, it is a big honour.”Another unsuspecting customer Mohd Arif Abu Bakar was equally surprised. “I just bought my brand new car and the PETRONAS station was my first stop to tank-up with PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA. I really did not expect to see a Formula One driver here, what more to tank up my new car. It was definitely a double joy for me – a day that I will cherish for a long time.”Indeed, at PETRONAS service stations, it is more than just fuelling vehicles. It is a one-stop centre that comes with shopping, banking, dining, on-going rewards and now, with a possibility of having a Formula One driver fuel up for you! Moving forward, PDB is committed to bring more such unique fuelling experiences to its valued customers.To know what is coming up next, logon to www.mymesra.com.my or join us as a fan at www.facebook.com/petronasbrands.ABOUT PETRONAS DAGANGAN BERHADPETRONAS Dagangan Berhad is the principal domestic marketing arm of Petroliam Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS), the national oil company, which holds 69.86% of its equity. The Company markets a wide range of high quality petroleum products including motor gasoline, aviation fuel, kerosene, diesel, fuel oil, bunker fuel, lubricants, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) and asphalt in Malaysia. For media enquiries, please contact: PETRONAS Dagangan BerhadIzrin Muhayi MsTel       : 03 – 2331 6837Fax      : 03 – 2331 6882Email   : izrinm@petronas.com.my Or Perspective Strategies Sdn BhdAnupama Arvind, MsTel       : 03 – 7987 2372Fax      : 03 – 7987 2373Email   : anupama.arvind@perspective.com.my Lim Hwee Nee, MsTel       : 03 – 7987 2372Fax      : 03 – 7987 2373Email   : lim.hwee.nee@perspective.com.my 更多PETRONAS Brands · 2011年10月10日 · PETRONAS XTRA CHALLENGE EYES 300 MOTORISTS DURING SEVEN-LEG SERIES Initiative by PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad to boost product under Petaling Jaya, 1 October 2011 – As part of its efforts to further boost product understanding and appreciation, PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad (PDB) kick-started the next phase of the PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 Xtra campaign with the PETRONAS XTRA Challenge targeting 300 customers nationwide over the three-month period. The first l⋯⋯繼續閱讀PETRONAS Brands · 2011年9月4日 · “MY RAYA MOMENTS AT PETRONAS STATION” VIDEO CONTEST - HOW TO PARTICIPATE & TERMS AND CONDITIONS “MY RAYA MOMENTS AT PETRONAS STATION” VIDEO CONTEST How to participate: ⋯⋯繼續閱讀PETRONAS Brands · 2011年6月20日 · PETRONAS DAGANGAN CROWNS VIRTUAL RACE KING PETALING JAYA, 17 June 2011 – PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad (PDB) today crowned Paul Tan, Founder and Blogger of Paul Tan Automotive News, the Racing King of the PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA Race at the Appreciation Party, which saw about 100 of Paul Tan’s supporters joining in the fun and celebration along with race rivals celebrity Juliana Evans and Hitz ⋯⋯FM DJ Ean. The PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA Race is a virtual race organised recently through Petronasbrands Facebook Fanpage. Starting 3 May, fans were called to virtually ‘fuel’ their favourite racer with PRIMAX 95 XTRA to the finish line. Fans who supported the winner throughout the race then stood a chance to be invited to the exclusive PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA Race Appreciation Party. During the event, Ir Izuddin Husaini, Senior General Manager of Retail Business Division who hosted the party on behalf of PDB, said, “While we celebrate Paul Tan’s victory, we also want to show our appreciation to our racers and fans who have supported the PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA race. It is also through this platform that we hope to build the mindshare of PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA with fellow car enthusiasts.” “We are indeed delighted to be able to meet some of the fans in person this evening. PDB appreciates the fact that these fans are also PETRONAS ambassadors as they talk about their experience with friends and also provide us with valuable feedback on our products and services,” he added. Throughout the race, Paul Tan, Juliana and Ean took to Facebook, Twitter and Blogs to call for support. What started as a close competition soon saw Paul Tan leading the race towards the end, thanks to his large group of ‘motoring’ fans who diligently ‘pumped’ his virtual car with PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA. Paul Tan triumphed with close to 500 while Juliana followed closely behind with 418 supporters.  In the presence of enthusiastic party revelers, Izuddin presented the Winner’s Trophy to Paul Tan and a token of appreciation consisting of PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA merchandises, PETRONAS Gift Card and Formula One Touch n’ Go card. Both Juliana and Ean were also presented with trophies and tokens of appreciation. Elaborating further on what is in store for its customers, Izuddin said, “We are committed to introduce products which are as innovative as our PRIMAX 95 XTRA fuel, if not more. We will also continue to roll out a variety of exciting contests with more great prizes and rewards in the future.” Since the launch on 9 April 2011, PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA has lived up to its association to Formula 1™ technology by delivering superior power coupled with more kilometre per litre. Visibly enjoying each moment of the party and his win, the prominent blogger said, “The PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA Race has been great fun and I’m indeed delighted to be part of this race. I guess there is no need for me to elaborate on the tremendous support and response received from the fans throughout the race”. Guests were treated to a scrumptious dinner laid-out for the crowd followed by exciting trivia challenges and racing games conducted on Playstations and iPads befitting the Formula One-inspired theme of the PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XTRA Race Appreciation Party.    For more exciting events, logon to www.facebook.com/petronasbrands or www.mymesra.com.my.  更多PETRONAS Brands · 2011年6月16日 · PETRONAS DAGANGAN REWARDS 153 LUCKY CUSTOMERS KUALA LUMPUR, 14 June 2011 – As part of its ongoing commitment to recognise and reward loyal customers, PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad (PDB) today rewarded 153 lucky winners of the PETRONAS The Road to Rewards – Kedai Mesra campaign with exciting prizes worth RM200,000, amidst much fanfare and celebrations. ⋯⋯The two-month long campaign drew 450,000 customers nationwide, of which 150 were selected as Monthly Winners while additional three lucky customers were crowned Special Winners. Participation in the campaign was made easy requiring the customers to only purchase any two items from the participating brands available at more than 600 Kedai Mesra nationwide.  At the prize giving ceremony, Ir. Izuddin Husaini Mohd Yusoff, Senior General Manager of Retail Business Division said, “Given our ongoing efforts to recognise and reward our customers, we have established the PETRONAS Road to Rewards as a pivotal campaign to provide exclusive privileges and benefits to our valued customers.” “Over the years, PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad has organised many customer outreach and marketing promotions aimed at building and retaining our customers nationwide. We will continue to push the bar on product innovation and service excellence,” he added. The crowd cheered enthusiastically as the Grand Prize winner walked away with a Travel Voucher worth RM20,000 and a cash prize worth RM10,000. Additionally, the First Prize winner received a Travel Voucher worth RM15,000 and a cash prize of RM5,000, with the Second Prize winner taking home a Travel Voucher worth RM10,000 and a cash prize worth RM3,000. All three special winners were also presented with a Nikon DSLR D90 camera and 500,000 PETRONAS Mesra Card points each. Meanwhile, the monthly winners received numerous prizes such as the PETRONAS gift cards worth RM500, 50,000 Mesra Card points, Canon EOS550D camera, Alienware M11X Laptop and Smart Tag with Limited Edition PETRONAS Touch & Go Card worth RM100. Elaborating further on the various efforts undertaken by PDB towards enhancing customers’ experience, Izuddin said, “For us, putting our customers’ best interest first is a priority. We want customers to be assured of the best convenience when fuelling up their vehicles, knowing that a wide range of services and offerings are available within our one-stop centre.” “Moving forward, we will continue to offer more reward-based programmes to enable everyone to enjoy the privileges of being a PETRONAS customer,” he added.  Apart from rewarding their loyal customers, PETRONAS The Road to Rewards – Kedai Mesra also aimed at increasing the awareness of the convenience offered at PETRONAS stations. Customers can shop at its Kedai Mesra as well as enjoy the ease of using other services available there including ATMs, Touch n Go, e-pay, bill payment and even purchasing bus tickets. Quick Serve Restaurants and other refreshments are also available at selected stations. Moreover, earlier this year, PDB organised the Road to Rewards ‘Ride the RM3 million Wave’ campaign that rewarded RM3 million worth of prizes to its loyal customers. Over and above this, the Company also held the PETRONAS Fuel-up promotion recently during which winners were presented with a total of 20 Apple iPads. Enjoying the festivities at the event, grand prize winner, Nurzila Binti Yusuf from Kedah, appeared delighted at her lucky win. “Even on days when I don’t fuel up my car, I would still stop by at PETRONAS Stations to do my banking and stock up some snacks. Now on top of that, I won such great prizes just by shopping at Kedai Mesra. Who doesn’t love to get paid for shopping?” she beamed. Also visibility elated at his good fortune was the second prize winner Mohd Shazwan Hafiz Bin Mohd Shukri, a student of Universiti Teknologi MARA (UiTM), remarked that he could now fulfil his long time wish of taking his parents on a holiday. Tucking into the scrumptious lunch laid out for the winners and guests, Hafiz said, “It’s been awhile since we had a family holiday together. The travel voucher will definitely come in handy. This vacation will also be a nice time for me to start on my photography hobby, now that I have a good camera to snap around with.”   The participating brands in the PETRONAS The Road to Rewards – Kedai Mesra campaign include PDB’s retail business partners such as Tropicana Twister, Spritzer Tinge, Red Bull, 100 Plus, Dutch Lady, Nescafe, Ribena and F&N Seasons. For updates on forthcoming campaigns and exciting offers, please visit www.mymesra.com.my 更多PETRONAS Brands · 2011年4月11日 · PB Winners Get Exclusive Paddock and Garage VisitsIt was not just luck but pure effort that five PETRONAS Brands FB fans, who submitted creative pictures of themselves as Formula One drivers, were selected as the winners of the Formula One PRIMAX Power contest. Each won the coveted Diamond Grand Stand tickets to watch the Formula One race at Sepang on 9 – 10 April 201, and luckily enough, they cou⋯⋯ld bring a friend with them. While anyone could have purchased tickets to watch the race, it was the extremely exclusive paddock and garage visits that set this winning package apart. Over at the paddock and garage area, the winners witnessed the detailed work and extreme dedication that was involved in prepping for the race. Soon enough, each grew to understand and appreciate how the Formula One technologies behind the cars of Mercedes GP PETRONAS have inspired in the development of the PETRONAS’ latest RON 95 fuel, PRIMAX 95 Xtra. Check out the eleven photo recap that captured the highlights of their visit:             更多PETRONAS Brands · 2011年4月10日 · PDB MD/CEO's Message on PETRONAS PRIMAX 95 XtraGreetings from PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad (PDB)! The 9th of April 2011 marked yet another significant milestone for PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad as we launched an advanced breakthrough fuel- the PRIMAX 95 Xtra. ⋯⋯Our technology team has been hard at work for over two years to develop this fuel, and I am proud to say that they have successfully developed a product proven to provide greater power, smoother acceleration and better fuel mileage as compared to any other equivalent grade product in the market. PDB is proud to bring this innovative creation to you at the same price as that of the regulated price of RON 95 fuel - notwithstanding its superior quality and performance. At PDB, we firmly believe in going all the way to bring the very best of our products and services to our customers. The PRIMAX 95 Xtra is a testimony of our commitment to continuously invest in developing innovative products that meet and exceed our customers’ expectations. The recent launch of the PRIMAX 95 Xtra showcases the importance of continuing research and improvement to the PRIMAX line of products in growing our retail business, as we believe that growth cannot only be in terms of the number of PETRONAS Service Stations we have, but also in continuously improving the quality of our fuel. We have a full-fledged PETRONAS Fuel Technician Team working with our fuel technology partners to continuously innovate and enhance our product offerings. We are excited to bring the F1 technology to the road and share it with all our customers. This is part of PDB’s journey to consistently push the bar on technology to establish a new industry-wide benchmark. Extensive tests have been carried out on the fuel in laboratories and we have carried out road test through our ‘Experience to Believe’ Privileged Trial and the feedback that we have received indicated that the fuel performed better as compared to their current fuel for 90% of the participants. This feedback, coupled with the positive results from independent test centres at Milbrook and Tickford in the UK, has given us the confidence that we certainly have a winning product at hand. Moreover, the launch of “All The Way” is a clear testimony of PDB’s consistent and continuous commitment in developing products and services that exceed consumer and industry expectations. The new PRIMAX 95 Xtra, which is inspired by F1 technology, is one of such efforts to lead the market through innovation. As proven by our consistent track record all through these years, PDB is committed to go ‘All The Way’ to ensure that PETRONAS remains as the Brand of 1st Choice for Malaysians. I’m pleased to inform that you can now join us in this exciting journey on PETRONASBrands Facebook and onyoutube as we go All the Way for you! Amir Hamzah AzizanManaging Director/Chief Executive OfficerPETRONAS Dagangan Berhad 更多PETRONAS Brands · 2011年3月25日 · PETRONAS Formula One Contest's changes on requirements. Please click here for more details.Hi All, we have received some feedback on the contest and made some changes on requirements. Effective now, you have to submit a photo of your Formula One driving expression and write a creative caption with these three words: “Primax”, “Formula One” and “Power” instead of “Primax”, “F1” and “Power”. For those who have submitted previously you don’⋯⋯t have to make any changes. For more details, please view the PETRONAS Formula One tab under our profile picture.What are you waiting for!! Hurry and join the contest now to stand a chance to win a pair of “Diamond” tickets to watch Formula One race at Sepang + Special garage tour + Rain concert (exclusively for Petronasbrands facebook fans). 更多PETRONAS Brands · 2011年3月10日 · Aspiring Chefs from Leading Universities Whip Up Delicacies to Win Cash Prizes Six universities showcased their team’s culinary skills in the inaugural Gas PETRONAS Battle of the Chefs cooking competition and went home with more than RM10,000 worth of cash and prizes. The cooking competition was held on 28 February 2011 at SStwo Mall in Petaling Jaya. It was a gastronomical delight with colourful ingredients and aromatic fla⋯⋯vours of herbs and spices concocted to create dishes that tantalises the taste bud. The clanking sounds of pots and pans and encouraging cheers from friends and supporters filled the SStwo Mall courtyard as the teams battle it out to be dubbed winner of the Gas PETRONAS Battle of the Chefs Cooking Competition. The six universities that took part were Berjaya University College of Hospitality, Universiti Teknologi MARA (UiTM), University Tun Abdul Razak, Universiti Putra Malaysia (UPM), Advanced Management & Technology Centre (PTPL) and Food Institute of Malaysia. Each team comprised three apprentice chefs who were tasked to present their dishes that consisted of an appetizer, a main course and a dessert, all to be prepared and plated within two hours. Judging was based on innovation, taste, presentation, timeliness and hygiene.  The panel of judges were industry’s ‘otai’ – Chef Johari Edrus, former President of Chef Association of Malaysia and Chef Jasman Saidin, former Corporate Executive Chef of Carnival Cruise Liners. Chef Zamzani Abdul Wahab, Malaysia’s celebrity chef who is popularly known as Chef Zam, provided inspiration and words of encouragement to the contestants. The first prize winner went home with RM3,000 cash prize, second prize with RM2,000 cash prize and third prize with RM1,000 cash prize. All three winning teams also received a challenge trophy, exclusive Gas PETRONAS merchandises and 3 cylinders of 14kg Gas PETRONAS cooking gas each. Over and above this, three consolation prizes that consisted of trophies, merchandises and exclusive Gas PETRONAS products were also awarded. The General Manager of PDB’s LPG (liquefied petroleum gas) Business, Zubair Abdul Razak,  said, “As a responsible Malaysian company, PETRONAS Dagangan recognises the importance of playing our part in fostering the development of the local culinary and hospitality industry. The Gas PETRONAS Battle of the Chefs is one of the platforms for us to expose young chefs to competition and to give them an opportunity to further improve the Malaysian hospitality and food-services standards.” We hope this event will motivate our young talents to challenge themselves and craft even better culinary creations, establishing higher benchmarks for other undergraduates to follow, not only in the country but in this region as well, given that Malaysia is striving to become an education hub for this region, he said. List of winners: 1st PrizeFood Institute of Malaysia (FIM)Nurul Azwa Ammeran, Noor Hidayah Aris, Mohd Zulkhairi Zainal Ibidin 2nd PrizeAdvanced Management and Technology Centre (PTPL) 3rd PrizeBerjaya University College of Hospitality Consolation PrizeUniversiti  Tun Abdul RazakUniversiti Teknologi Mara (UiTM)Universiti Putra Malaysia Gas PETRONAS’s True Blue Flame – Cleaner, Hotter and More Economical 更多PETRONAS Brands · 2011年3月3日 · PETRONAS Secured Online Promotion Scam E-Mail!PETRONAS wishes to alert members of the public that the e-mail communications on “PETRONAS Secured Online Promotion” currently circulating on the Internet is a scam devised by unscrupulous individual or parties. The scam e-mail also contains details of a claims officer to be contacted for assistance and disbursement of the alleged cash prize. PETRO⋯⋯NAS wishes to inform that neither PETRONAS nor any subsidiary within its Group of Companies has conducted or authorised such prize redemption schemes and appeals to the public not to respond to the email. This advice also extends to all e-mail or short message service (SMS) communications using PETRONAS’ name in other prize redemption schemes, lucky draws or contests. Issued byReputation ManagementBrand DepartmentPETRONAS Dagangan Berhad 更多更多中文(台灣)English (US)Tiếng ViệtBahasa Indonesiaภาษาไทย日本語EspañolPortuguês (Brasil)Français (France)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用戶地標遊戲地點名人市集社團食譜MomentsInstagram關於刊登廣告建立粉絲專頁開發人員工作機會隱私政策CookieAd Choices使用條款設定活動紀錄 Facebook © 2017



	
	PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad | PETRONAS



























































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.


			Turn on more accessible mode



			Turn off more accessible mode



			Skip Ribbon Commands



			Skip to main content




























You are in our Corporate Site



















Toggle navigation












About UsCurrently selectedOur BusinessSustainabilityInvestor RelationsMediaCareersTechnology








 









Contact Us
















 































		
	PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad













Company Name:


						PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad	
					




Type:


		            	Partly Owned
		            



Shareholding:


		            	69.94%
					



Address:


		            	Level 30-33, Tower 1, PETRONAS Twin Towers, KLCC, 50088 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
		 			



Phone:


					MesraLink Tel: 1 300 88 8181 / 8282
		            



Fax:


		            	MesraLink Fax: 1 300 88 8383
		            



Email:


		            	mesralink@petronas.com.my
					



URL:


		            	http://www.mymesra.com.my
					



Principal Activity:


Principle Activity​Domestic marketing of petroleum products and the operation of service stations.​




Acronym:


		            	PDB
					



Business Activity:


		            	Oil
					



MD \ CEO:


			        	Mohd Ibrahimnuddin Mohd Yunus
					



Date of Incorporation:


						5/8/1982
					



Operational Country:

						
					Malaysia
					





Page Image








































Careers


Careers @ PETRONAS


Connect with us






































































Petronas - Wikipedia






















 






Petronas

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Petronas Dagangan)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For the Byzantine nobleman and general, see Petronas (general).
Not to be confused with the Brazilian oil company Petrobras.





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (June 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Petroliam Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS)
ڤيتروليام ناسيونل برحد


The new and current Petronas logo, which resembles the previous logo, introduced in 2013




Type

Government-linked investment company


Industry
Oil and gas


Founded
17 August 1974; 42 years ago (1974-08-17)


Headquarters
Tower 1, PETRONAS Twin Towers, Kuala Lumpur City Centre, 50088 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Wan Zulkiflee Wan Ariffin, President & Group CEO[1]
Mohd Sidek Hassan, Chairman


Products
Petroleum, natural gas, petrochemicals


Services
Shipping services


Revenue
 US$46.06 billion (2016) from US$55.68 billion (2015)[2]



Net income

 US$5.28 billion (2016) from US$4.69 billion (2015)


Total assets
 US$135.63 billion (2016) from US$133.07 billion (2015)[2]


Total equity
 US$95.22 billion (2016) from US$93.44 billion (2015)


Owner
Malaysian Government



Number of employees

51,000 (2016)[3]


Subsidiaries



KLCC Property Holdings
Petronas Gas
Petronas Dagangan
Petronas Chemicals
Bintulu Port
MISC





Website
www.petronas.com.my


PETRONAS, short for Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Malaysian National Oil Company Inc.), is a Malaysian oil and gas company that was founded on 17 August 1974. Wholly owned by the Government of Malaysia, the corporation is vested with the entire oil and gas resources in Malaysia and is entrusted with the responsibility of developing and adding value to these resources. Petronas is ranked among Fortune Global 500's largest corporations in the world. Fortune ranks Petronas as the 75th largest company in the world in 2013. Fortune also ranks Petronas as the 12th most profitable company in the world and the most profitable in Asia.[4][5][6]
Since its incorporation, Petronas has grown to be an integrated international oil and gas company with business interests in 35 countries. As of the end of March 2005, the Petronas Group comprised 103 wholly owned subsidiaries, 19 partly owned outfits and 57 associated companies. Together, these companies make the Petronas Group, which is involved in various oil and gas based activities. The Financial Times has identified PETRONAS as one of the "new seven sisters":[7] the most influential and mainly state-owned national oil and gas companies from countries outside the OECD.
The group is engaged in a wide spectrum of petroleum activities, including upstream exploration and production of oil and gas to downstream oil refining; marketing and distribution of petroleum products; trading; gas processing and liquefaction; gas transmission pipeline network operations; marketing of liquefied natural gas; petrochemical manufacturing and marketing; shipping; automotive engineering; and property investment.
PETRONAS provides a substantial source of income for the Malaysian government, with half of the government's budget dependent on PETRONAS' dividend, moreover in 2011 government actual balance has 5 percent deficit of Gross Domestic Product.[8]
The company is headquartered at the Petronas Towers which was officially opened on Malaysia's 42nd National Day, 31 August 1999 – in the corporation's 24th Anniversary year.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Setting up a state oil and gas company: 1970s
1.2 Battling oil depletion: the late 1980s
1.3 Expanding globally: the 1990s and beyond


2 Corporate logo

2.1 Logo concept
2.2 Refreshed logo


3 Subsidiaries

3.1 PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad
3.2 PETRONAS Gas Berhad
3.3 MISC Berhad
3.4 KLCC Properties Berhad
3.5 PETRONAS Chemicals
3.6 Malaysian Marine and Heavy Engineering
3.7 Other principal subsidiaries


4 Motorsport
5 Education
6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


PETRONAS was not the first company to extract oil or gas in Malaysia. It was Royal Dutch Shell that began the oil exploration in Sarawak, then under the White Rajahs, at the end of the 19th century. In 1910, the first oil well was drilled in Miri, Sarawak. This became the first oil producing well known as the Grand Old Lady. Shell was still the only oil company in the area in 1963, when the Federation of Malaya, having achieved independence from Britain six years before, united with Sarawak and Sabah, both on the island of Borneo, and became Malaysia. The authorities in the two new states retained their links with Royal Dutch Shell, which brought Malaysia's first offshore oil field onstream in 1968.
Meanwhile, the federal government turned to Esso, Continental Oil, and Mobil, licensing exploration off the state of Terengganu, in the Malay Peninsula, the most populous region and the focus of federal power. By 1974, however, only Esso was still in the area. It made its first discoveries of natural gas in that year and then rapidly made Terengganu a bigger producer of oil than either Sarawak or Sabah. By 1974, Malaysia's output of crude oil stood at about 81,000 barrels per day (12,900 m3/d).
Setting up a state oil and gas company: 1970s[edit]
Several factors converged in the early 1970s to prompt the Malaysian government into setting up a state oil and gas company, as first proposed in its Five Year Plan published in 1971. Former Chief Minister of Sarawak, Tun Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was one of the people who proposed the idea of Malaysia setting up their own oil company.[9] These were years in which power in the world oil industry began to shift away from the majors, which then controlled more than 90% of the oil trade, toward the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), as well as a proliferation of new private and state companies joining in the search for reserves. By 1985, the majors, reduced in number from seven to five, were producing less than 20% of the world total. It seemed that Malaysia would either have to join the trend or continue to leave its oil and gas entirely to Royal Dutch/Shell and Esso, multinational corporations necessarily attuned to the requirements of their directors and shareholders, rather than to the priorities the government of a developing country might seek to realise.
Further, an agreement between Malaysia and Indonesia, signed in 1969, had settled doubts and disputes about each country's claims over territorial waters and offshore resources at a time when both were heavily indebted to Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) governments and banks as well as to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank. Setting up a state oil and gas company, through which the government could get international capital but avoid tangling with foreign oil companies or governments, had worked for Indonesia: why not for Malaysia as well? The oil crisis of 1973–74 made the government even more aware of Malaysia's dependence on foreign oil and foreign capital in general.
Another factor in the decision was that the technology had recently been developed for extensive exploration and drilling offshore. The local geography included a combination of broad basins of sedimentary rock with calm and shallow waters around the Sunda Shelf, making exploration for gas and oil relatively easier and more successful than in most areas of the world. Malaysian crude turned out to be mostly high quality with low sulphur content.
A final and crucial factor in the creation of PETRONAS, and its continuation in much the same form since, has been the political stability of Malaysia. Since the restoration of parliament in 1971, the country has been ruled by the National Front (Barisan Nasional), the heirs to the Alliance Party which had been dominant from 1957 to 1969 and the originators in 1971 of the New Economic Policy, which was designed to improve the economic position of Bumiputras—native Malays and other natives in Sabah and Sarawak—relative to Chinese and Indian Malaysians and to foreign corporations. The difficulties this policy has caused for foreign companies and investors are outweighed by the benefits they believe they gain from Malaysia's political stability.
The Malaysian government chose to create a state company, rather than using taxes, production limits, leasing, or other familiar instruments of supervision. The government wanted, and needed, the co-operation of the majors but also sought to assert national rights over the use of the country's resources. A state company, having both supervisory powers over the majors and production activities of its own, was a workable compromise between allowing the majors full rein and excluding them, along with their capital and expertise, altogether.
PETRONAS was established in August 1974 and operates under the terms of the Petroleum Development Act passed in October 1974. It was modelled on Pertamina, the Indonesian state oil and gas company founded in 1971 in succession to Permina, which had been set up in 1958. According to the 1971 plan, PETRONAS' goals would be to safeguard national sovereignty over oil and gas reserves, to plan for both present and future national need for oil and gas, to take part in distributing and marketing petroleum and petrochemical products at reasonable prices, to encourage provision of plant, equipment, and services by Malaysian companies, to produce nitrogenous fertilisers, and to spread the benefits of the petroleum industry throughout the nation.
On 6 September 1974, Malaysia's then prime minister, Tun Abdul Razak, announced the appointment of Tengku Razaleigh Hamzah as chairman and chief executive of PETRONAS. Tun Razak said: "From among the new blood, I intended to bring Tengku Razaleigh into the Cabinet. However, I have an important job for him, a job as important as that of a Cabinet Minister. I have decided to appoint him as chairman and chief executive of PETRONAS, which is equivalent to being a Cabinet Minister.".[10] Subsequently, Razaleigh had to relinquish his job as Chairman of PERNAS which he held from 1970, but retained the chairmanship of Bank Bumiputra.
Having created PETRONAS, the government had to choose what forms its dealings with private oil companies would take. Starting with its legal monopoly on oil and gas activities and resources, it had several options: it could simply award concessions without taking part in production, management, or profits; it could try offering services at the supply end; or it could make contracts to cover profit-sharing, production-sharing, joint ventures—sharing both profits and costs—or all stages of the process, under "carried-interest" contracts. PETRONAS' first move was to negotiate the replacement of the leases granted to Royal Dutch/Shell on Borneo and to Esso in the Peninsula with production-sharing contracts, which have been the favoured instrument, alongside joint ventures, ever since. These first contracts came into effect in 1976. Allowing for royalties to both federal and state governments, and for cost recovery arrangements, they laid down that the remainder would go 70% to PETRONAS and 30% to the foreign company. Esso began oil production in two offshore fields in 1978, exporting its share of the supply, unlike PETRONAS, whose share was consumed within the country.
PETRONAS went downstream for the first time in 1976, when it was chosen by the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) to begin construction on the second ASEAN joint industrial project, a urea plant. The subsidiary, Asean Bintulu Fertiliser (ABF), is based in Sarawak and now exports ammonia and urea all over the world.
Also in 1976, Malaysia became a net exporter of oil, but exports were at such a low level as to make the country ineligible to join OPEC. This situation benefited Malaysia, and PETRONAS, by allowing the company a degree of commercial and political flexibility and reinforcing PETRONAS' chief purpose, Malaysian self-reliance.
PETRONAS supervised its foreign partners' oil activities, taking no direct role in production until 1978, when the government saw to the creation of a subsidiary for oil exploration and production, PETRONAS Carigali. It began its work in an oil field off the Peninsula. PETRONAS retained its supervisory powers over all oil and gas ventures, particularly on issues of health and safety and environmental control.
Battling oil depletion: the late 1980s[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (June 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Fortunately for Malaysia, exploration was by no means at an end and could yet produce more reserves. The Seligi field, which came onstream at the end of 1988 and was developed by Esso Production Malaysia, was one of the richest oilfields so far found in Malaysia waters, and further concessions to the majors would encourage exploration of the deeper waters around Malaysia, where unknown reserves could be discovered. Meanwhile, computerised seismography made it both feasible and commercially justifiable to re-explore fields which had been abandoned, or were assumed to be unproductive, over the past century. In 1990, PETRONAS invited foreign companies to re-explore parts of the sea off Sabah and Sarawak on the basis of new surveys using up-to-date techniques.
Another way to postpone depletion was to develop sources of oil, and of its substitute, natural gas, outside Malaysia. Late in 1989, the governments of Vietnam and Myanmar (Burma) invited PETRONAS Carigali to take part in joint ventures to explore for oil in their coastal waters. In 1990, a new unit, PETRONAS Carigali Overseas Sdn Bhd, was created to take up a 15% interest in a field in Myanmar's waters being explored by Idemitsu Myanmar Oil Exploration Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Japanese firm Idemitsu Oil Development Co. Ltd., in a production sharing arrangement with Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise. Thus began PETRONAS' first oil exploration outside Malaysia. In May 1990, the governments of Malaysia and Thailand settled a long-running dispute over their respective rights to an area of 7,300 square kilometres in the Gulf of Thailand by setting up a joint administrative authority for the area and encouraging a joint oil exploration project by PETRONAS, the Petroleum Authority of Thailand, and the US company Triton Oil. In a separate deal, in October 1990, the Petroleum Authority of Thailand arranged with PETRONAS to study the feasibility of transferring natural gas from this jointly administered area, through Malaysia to Thailand, by way of an extension of the pipelines laid for the third stage of the Peninsular Gas Utilisation Project.
That project was on course to becoming a major element in the postponement of oil depletion. Contracts for line pipes for the second stage of the project were signed in 1989 with two consortia of Malaysian, Japanese, and Brazilian companies. This stage, completed in 1991, included the laying of 730 kilometres of pipeline through to the tip of the Peninsula, from where gas could be sold to Singapore and Thailand; the conversion of two power stations—Port Dickson and Pasir Gudang—from oil to gas; and the expansion of PETRONAS' output of methyl tert-butyl ether (MTBE), propylene, and polypropylene, which were already being produced in joint ventures with Idemitsu Petrochemical Co. of Japan and Neste Oy of Finland. The third and final stage of the project was to lay pipelines along the northwest and northeast coastlines of the Peninsula and was completed in 1997.
Another new venture in 1990 was in ship-owning, since PETRONAS' existing arrangements with MISC and with Nigeria's state oil company would be inadequate to transport the additional exports of LNG due to start in 1994, under the contract with Saibu Gas. PETRONAS did not lose sight of the government's commitment to Malaysian self-reliance, and the company's second refinery at Malacca, completed in 1994, with a capacity of 100,000 barrels per day (16,000 m3/d), promoted the same policy. The fact that it was built in a joint venture with Samsung of Korea, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation of Taiwan, and Caltex of the United States did not negate the policy, for the subsidiary company PETRONAS Penapisan (Melaka) had a decisive 45% of equity while sharing the enormous costs of and gaining advanced technology for the project. More to the point, a side effect of the refinery's completion was that PETRONAS was able to refine all of the crude oil it produced, instead of being partially dependent on refining facilities in Singapore.
PETRONAS, with its policies of promoting self-reliance, helping to develop associated industries, and varying the sources and uses of oil and gas, played an important role in the Malaysian economy as a whole. Under governments which—by current, if not historical, Western standards—were strongly interventionist, the contribution of oil taxes to the federal government's revenue hovered at around 12% to 16% until 1980, when it showed a marked increase to 23%, followed by another leap to 32% in 1981. From then until 1988 the proportion fluctuated between 29% and 36%. PETRONAS was not just another big oil company: it controlled a crucial sector of the economy and remained, for better or worse, an indispensable instrument of the state.
Expanding globally: the 1990s and beyond[edit]




The PETRONAS Twin Towers.






A Petronas station seen in Pattaya, Thailand.


During the mid- to late 1990s, international exploration, development, and production remained key components in PETRONAS' strategy along with diversification. A key discovery was made in the Ruby field in Vietnam in 1994. That year, the firm also saw its first overseas production from the Dai Hung field in Vietnam and established its first retail station outside of Malaysia in Cambodia.[citation needed] In 1995, a subsidiary was created to import, store, and distribute liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). In addition, the company's polyethylene plant in Kerteh began operations. PETRONAS marked a significant milestone during this time period—two of its subsidiaries, PETRONAS Dagangan Bhd and PETRONAS Gas Bhd, went public on the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange. Between 1993 and 1996, it purchased the former sub-Saharaian branch of Mobil Oil, rebranded as Engen Petroleum.
In 1996, PETRONAS entered the aromatics market by way of a joint venture that created Aromatics Malaysia Sdn Bhd. It also formed a contract with China National Offshore Oil Corporation and Chevron Overseas Petroleum Ltd. to begin exploration of block 02/31 of the Liaodong Bay area in China. While the Asian economy as a whole suffered from an economic crisis during 1997 and 1998, Malaysia was quick to bounce back due to successful government reforms. From its new headquarters in the PETRONAS Twin Towers, the state-owned concern continued its development in the oil and gas industry. Soon India's Liberty Group purchased a 1% stake in Petronas
During 1997, PETRONAS heightened its diversification efforts. The firm set plans in motion to build three petrochemical plants in Kuantan as well as an acetic facility in Kerteh. Its first LPG joint venture in China was launched that year and the company acquired a 29.3% interest in Malaysia International Shipping Corporation Berhad (MISC). In 1998, PETRONAS' tanker-related subsidiary merged with MISC, increasing PETRONAS' stake in MISC to 62%. That year, PETRONAS introduced the Petronas E01, the country's first commercial prototype engine. The company also signed a total of five new production sharing contracts (PSCs) in 1998 and 1999, and began oil production in the Sirri field in Iran.
PETRONAS entered the new century determined to expand its international efforts. The company forged deals for two new exploration plots in Pakistan and began construction on the Chad-Cameroon Integrated Oil Development and Pipeline Project. By 2002, PETRONAS had signed seven new PSCs and secured stakes in eight exploration blocks in eight countries, including Gabon, Cameroon, Niger, Egypt, Yemen, Indonesia, and Vietnam. The firm also made considerable progress in its petrochemicals strategy, opening new gas-based petrochemical facilities in Kerteh and Gebeng.
By 2003, Malaysia was set to usurp Algeria as the world's second-largest producer of LNG with the completion of the Malaysia LNG Tiga Plant. Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad commented on the achievement in a May 2003 Bernama News Agency article, claiming that "the PETRONAS LNG complex now serves as another shining example of a vision realized of a national aspiration, transformed into reality by the same belief among Malaysians that 'we can do it.'" Indeed, PETRONAS had transformed itself into a global oil company over the previous decade, becoming a national symbol for success. The company realised, however, that it would have to continue its aggressive growth strategy to insure its survival in the years to come.
The PETRONAS overseas expansion drive continues with the acquisition of Woodside Energy Ltd Mauritania assets for $418 million in 2007.[11] The venture proved successful as they discovered oil in May 2008[12]
In 2004, Minister in the Prime Minister's Department, Datuk Mustapa Mohamed[citation needed], stated that PETRONAS contributed RM 25 Billion to the country's treasury accounting for 25% of revenue collected via dividends and other revenues. PETRONAS continuously provides the Malaysian government dividends from its profits. Since inception in 1974, PETRONAS have paid the government RM 403.3 billion, with RM 67.6 billion in 2008. The payment represents 44% of the 2008 federal government revenue.[13] PETRONAS continues to focus on international exploration projects as 40% of revenue in 2008 was derived from international projects such as Iran, Sudan, Chad and Mauritania. The company's international reserves stood at 6.24 billion barrels oil equivalent in 2008.[14]
On 29 October 2012, PETRONAS sources said it will renew a bid for gas producer Progress Energy Resources after Canada blocked its bid earlier that month. The $6-billion bid was approved by Ottawa on 7 December 2012.[15]
On 17 January 2013, PETRONAS issued a statement that an onshore oil and gas discovery has been made in the state after drilling a test well about 20 kilometres away from the city of Miri in northern Sarawak. The well was found to have a net hydrocarbon thickness of 349 meters. It had flow rates of 440 barrels of crude oil per day and 11.5 million standard cubic feet of gas per day. The find is the first onshore oil discovery in Malaysia in 24 years. [16]
On 2 May 2015, PETRONAS completed its acquisition of oil and gas assets in Azerbaijan from Norway’s Statoil for US$2.25 billion.[17]
Plagued by the 2010s oil glut, PETRONAS reported on 26 February 2015 that it cut its 2015 capital expenditures budget after reporting a $2 billion fourth quarter loss, the company's first loss since it began reporting quarterly results five years ago.[18]
On 1 April 2017, PETRONAS' PFLNG SATU, is the world’s first floating liquefied natural gas (LNG) facility, has achieved a new milestone with the successful loading of its first cargo at the Kanowit gas field, offshore Bintulu, Sarawak. PFLNG SATU will complement PETRONAS’ global LNG portfolio, making it a leader in the FLNG technology and enhancing its reputation as a preferred and reliable LNG supplier.[19]
On July 25, 2017, PETRONAS cancelled a $36-billion liquefied natural gas (LNG) project, the Pacific Northwest LNG, which was considered ambitious and a priority in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Both the company and the province blamed poor global LNG market conditions.[20]
Corporate logo[edit]







Petronas Logo 2013 - current









Petronas Logo 1990–2013









Petronas Logo 1974 - 1990




Petronas' logo was created in 1974 by Dato Johan Ariff of Johan Design Associates.[21] He is also responsible in creating the Logo of many Petronas subsidiaries, JVs, link-companies and properties, including Kuala Lumpur City Centre (KLCC), MISC, MMHE, Universiti Teknologi PETRONAS (UTP), Kuala Lumpur Convention Centre, Putrajaya Holdings, Prince Court Medical Centre (PCMC), PETLIN, Malaysian Petroleum Club and Mesra Mall, to name a few.
Logo concept[edit]
The basic structure is geometric, embodying metaphoric and alpha glyphic nuances of an oil drop and a typography 'P', the latter being evident in the triangle assigned at the top right corner. The triangle is also an essential element to define directional movement and dynamic. The placement of a solid circle in the Logo is interpretive if the wheel of the oil and gas industry while outline of the drop simulates a driving system, the energy which to be derived from oil.
The corporate colour chosen for the logo is emerald green, an obvious reference to the sea from where oil and gas are drilled.
The corporate logotype, named "Alpha PETRONAS", is designed in uppercase exclusively for Petronas and its subsidiaries. Each alphabet is rendered with a rounded profile to assume fluidity and viscosity, while emphasising the oil based operation.
Refreshed logo[edit]





This article's tone or style may not reflect the encyclopedic tone used on Wikipedia. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for suggestions. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In 2013, Petronas introduced a refreshed version of its corporate logo[22] at the 2013 Asia Oil and Gas Conference (AOGC 2013). A renewed "look and feel" has been incorporated to the original Petronas' oil drop logo to reflect the visual expression of Petronas' Group Positioning, reimagining energy™. The refreshed logo was part of a group-wide exercise to further strengthen the visual potential of Petronas' corporate icon by making it more contemporary while building on the existing equity and legacy of the Petronas brand.
In essence, the refreshed logo symbolises the growth and progression of the Petronas brand. Petronas was established during the oil and gas crisis in the early 1970s. Over the years it has focused on building its business and operational capabilities and continues to seek more efficient and better methods of managing and adding value to Malaysia's oil and gas resources and meet increasing energy demands. This challenging spirit has propelled Petronas from being a manager of Malaysia's hydrocarbon resources to become a fully integrated oil and gas multinational. The organisation was among the earliest national oil companies (NOC) to venture globally which has inspired many other NOCs to join the global oil and gas arena, changing the dynamics of today's oil and gas industry. PETRONAS will continue to play an active role in oil and gas by focusing on collective efforts to do things differently by challenging industry norms to achieve real sustainable long-term growth. Throughout its journey, Petronas has ensured that people benefit from its activities through business and employment opportunities, education sponsorship and quality products and services.
The refreshed version is Petronas' third generation logo. The original Petronas logo was developed in 1974 when Petronas was first incorporated. The basic structure comprises an oil drop feature and symbol "P” that conveys its core business in oil and gas, and dynamism of the company. At the centre of the oil drop is a solid circle that symbolises the complete cycle or value chain of the oil and gas industry. Meanwhile, the familiar Petronas emerald green represents the seas and land where oil and gas originates. The refreshed logo's softer curves have been added to the oil drop which depicts a continuous flow that symbolises Petronas' drive for progress and challenging spirit in meeting the energy demands and expectations of its stakeholders. The Petronas name has been repositioned below the oil drop and the font has been sharpened to enhance visibility and give prominence to the oil drop in the logo.
Subsidiaries[edit]
PETRONAS has more than 100 subsidiaries and around 40 Joint Venture companies in which PETRONAS has at least 50% stake in the company. Although PETRONAS is considering to listing more of its subsidiaries,[23] so far the company has listed at least 3 of its subsidiaries in the Bursa Malaysia.
PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad[edit]




A Petronas petrol station at km 54, Karak-Kuala Lumpur Highway


Involved in the distribution and sale of finished petroleum products and operations of service stations for the domestic market. The company has over 800 petrol stations around Malaysia as of July 2007[24] and further increase to 870 stations in January 2008[25]
The company has also teamed up with local food and beverage companies, banks and transportation companies to provide better services at their petrol stations. Companies include McDonald's, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Dunkin' Donuts, Konsortium Transnasional Berhad, Maybank, and CIMB Bank.
PETRONAS Gas Berhad[edit]
Involved in the provision of gas processing and transmission services to PETRONAS and its customers as a throughput company. Owns and operates the Peninsular Gas Pipeline which is 2,550 kilometres in length and runs from Kerteh in Terengganu to Johor Bahru in the South and Kangar in the North of Peninsular Malaysia.
MISC Berhad[edit]
Main article: MISC Berhad
Involved in ship-owning, ship-operating and other logistics and maritime transportation services and activities. Currently has the largest fleet of LNG transport vessels
KLCC Properties Berhad[edit]
Main article: KLCC Properties
Involved in the development and the management of the Kuala Lumpur City Centre project which includes the Petronas Twin Towers, Menara Exxon Mobil and KLCC Park. Other properties under its care include Dayabumi Complex which located near Dataran Merdeka.
PETRONAS Chemicals[edit]
The PETRONAS Chemicals is the latest company to be publicly listed. The IPO was done on 26 November 2010 with investor rise around US$4.40 billion, effectively becoming one of the largest IPO exercises in South East Asia.[26]
The business is the largest petrochemical producer and seller in South East Asia. Products include olefins, polymers, fertilisers, methanol and other basic chemicals and derivative products.[27]
Malaysian Marine and Heavy Engineering[edit]
Main article: Malaysian Marine and Heavy Engineering
MMHE was listing on 29 October 2010 with MYR 1 billion raised on its IPO exercise.
The business builds offshore structures for oil and gas applications, help repair large vessels and converts vessels into Floating production storage and offloading and FSOs.[28]
Other principal subsidiaries[edit]
Some of the key subsidiaries are:-

PETRONAS Carigali Sdn Bhd – Main Hydrocarbon exploration arm
E&P O&M Services Sdn Bhd (EPOMS) – Main Oil & Gas Maintenance Services – Cendor Phase 2 FPSO project, Bertam, Sepat, Layang, Gumusut-Kakap.
PETRONAS Carigali Overseas Sdn Bhd – Hydrocarbon exploration arm aimed at finding new blocks in international areas
PETRONAS Research Sdn Bhd – Conducting research and development
MITCO Sdn Bhd – International Trading of non-oil assets
Petronas Fertiliser Kedah – Creating urea fertiliser
PETRONAS Methanol (Labuan) Sdn. Bhd. (PMLSB) – Methanol plant

Others include PETRONAS Assets Sdn Bhd; PETRONAS Maritime Services Sdn Bhd; PETRONAS Trading Corp. Sdn Bhd; PETRONAS Argentina S.A.; PETRONAS Australia Pty Ltd.; PETRONAS Thailand Co. Ltd.; PETRONAS Energy Philippines Inc.; PETRONAS Cambodia Co. Ltd.; PETRONAS Technical Services Sdn Bhd; PETRONAS Group Technical Solutions Sdn Bhd; PETRONAS South Africa Pty Ltd.; PETRONAS India Holdings Company Pte Ltd.; PETRONAS China Co. Ltd.; PETRONAS International Corp. Ltd.; PETRONAS Marketing Thailand Co. Ltd.; Myanmar PETRONAS Trading Co. Ltd.; PETRONAS Marketing (Netherlands) B.V. and Indianoil Petronas
Motorsport[edit]




Visible Petronas logo on the car of BMW Sauber F1.






Petronas has sponsored the Formula One Malaysian Grand Prix as the title sponsor since its inaugural race in 1999.






Team Petronas Syntium Proton competed in the 2002, 2003 and 2004 British Touring Car Championship seasons.






Petronas supported TOM'S, a Toyota automobile racing squad in Super GT between 2008 and 2015.


PETRONAS was one of the main sponsors of the BMW Sauber Formula One team alongside Intel, and it supplies lubricants and fuel to the team. It also owned 40% of Sauber Petronas Engineering, the company that builds chassis which formerly used Ferrari designed engines used by the Sauber team, until being bought out by German motor company BMW. PETRONAS is also the main sponsor for Malaysian Grand Prix, and co-sponsors the Chinese Grand Prix. PETRONAS was the exclusive premium partner of the Sauber Petronas (1995–2005) and BMW Sauber F1 Team (2006–2009). BMW had acquired the controlling stake of the former Sauber Petronas Engineering, but left the sport after the 2009 season. On 21 December 2009, PETRONAS was confirmed as moving from BMW Sauber to the newly formed Mercedes Grand Prix team.[29]
In terms of further Formula One involvement, every year PETRONAS took the BMW Sauber team to various parts of Malaysia for F1 demos so the public who are unable to go to the track itself get to experience a little bit of what F1 offers. Other promotional events are held in the run up to the race and the drivers play an integral part in this so much so that Nick Heidfeld conceded that there were more fans for BMW Sauber in Malaysia than in most other countries.
As part of its corporate social responsibility programme, PETRONAS also brings underprivileged children to watch the race.
PETRONAS also sponsors the Malaysian Cub Prix races. It also sponsors many other sporting events and teams, mostly motorsports. Some of these sponsorships includes the PERT (Petronas EON Rally Team), the now defunct Foggy Petronas Superbike team (in which PETRONAS debuts their own superbike, the FP1), and also the Petronas Adventure Team, a 4X4 adventure team. More recently Petronas was also a major sponsor for PETRONAS TOYOTA TEAM TOM'S which was participating in Super GT series, which they won the team title in 2008 and driver title in 2009. The series also raced in Malaysia every season at Sepang International Circuit between 2005 and 2013. PETRONAS signed a three-year sponsorship agreement with Fiat Yamaha motoGP team. The PETRONAS branding can be seen starting Qatar race on the 10 to 12 April 2009. Petronas also sponsors all Mercedes-AMG DTM cars since 2011 season for only providing the lubricants.
Since 2010, PETRONAS is also the main sponsor of Mercedes Grand Prix team. Mercedes AMG Petronas Motorsports won F1 Constructors' Champion for the 3rd time consecutively on 2016 Formula One Season after the team won it previously on 2015 Formula One season and 2014 Formula One season.
Education[edit]




Petronas University of Technology.


PETRONAS awards education sponsorships in the form of convertible loans to Malaysian and international students to further their studies at local or foreign universities. The PETRONAS unit that is responsible for handling education matters is called the Sponsorship & Talent Sourcing Unit (STS). These sponsorships are awarded based on academic results, co-curricular activities, family background as well as an assessment of student personality (which is conducted throughout a program called EduCamp, which all prospective PETRONAS students are required to undergo). Students who are absorbed by PETRONAS at the end of their tertiary studies have their convertible loans converted into full scholarships. These students are under contract agreement to work for the company for two years for every one year they are sponsored. PETRONAS has its own university, Universiti Teknologi PETRONAS (UTP). Built in 1997, the campus is located in Seri Iskandar, Perak.
See also[edit]

Petronas Gallery

References[edit]


^ "Petronas names new CEO to three-year term". Petro Global News. Retrieved 18 February 2015. 
^ a b "PETRONAS Annual Report FY 2016". 14 March 2017. 
^ Top 20 Largest Oil & Gas Employers
^ "Global 500 2008:Petronas". Fortune. Retrieved 16 July 2008. 
^ "Global 500 2008: Top Performers – Most Profitable". Fortune Magazine. Retrieved 16 July 2008. 
^ "Global 500 2009: Full List". Fortune. Retrieved 21 July 2009. 
^ The new Seven Sisters: oil and gas giants dwarf western rivals, by Carola Hoyos, Financial Times. 11 March 2007
^ "PETRONAS chafes at its role as Malaysia's piggy bank". 3 July 2012. 
^ Lau, Leslie (14 March 2010). "Ex-Sarawak CM says Kelantan has no right to oil royalty". The Malaysian Insider. Archived from the original on 14 March 2010. Retrieved 27 April 2015. 
^ The Straits Times 7 September 1974 page 8, National Library, Singapore
^ "PETRONAS signs $418-million deal for Mauritania assets". Offshore Magazine. 27 August 2007. Retrieved 15 July 2008. [dead link]
^ "PETRONAS and partners strike oil and gas in Mauritania". The Star. 8 May 2008. Archived from the original on 8 December 2008. Retrieved 15 July 2008. 
^ Joseph Chin (15 July 2008). "PETRONAS posts record profit, declares RM6b dividend to govt". The Star. Retrieved 15 July 2008. 
^ Joseph Chin (16 July 2008). "Petronas to focus on overseas ops". The Star. Retrieved 16 July 2008. 
^ "Petronas agrees to renew bid for Canada's Progress: sources". Reuters. 29 October 2012. 
^ "Rich oil deposits discovered in Sarawak". Investvine.com. 19 January 2013. Retrieved 19 January 2013. 
^ "Petronas closes $2.25 billion purchase of Statoil’s Azerbaijan assets". Petro Global News. Retrieved 11 May 2015. 
^ "Petronas suffers first-ever loss — $2 billion in Q4". Petro Global News. Retrieved 2 March 2015. 
^ "PETRONAS’ FIRST FLOATING LNG FACILITY, PFLNG SATU ACHIEVES FIRST CARGO | PETRONAS". www.petronas.com.my. Retrieved 2017-07-17. 
^ "‘A tragedy for Canada’: Petronas cancels $36B LNG project as B.C. jacks up demands". Financial Post. 2017-07-26. Retrieved 2017-07-30. 
^ "Brands of The World". 
^ "Petronas unveils refreshed version of logo". Business Times. 11 June 2013.
^ "Petronas to mull possibility of listing units". Business Times. 10 August 2009. Archived from the original on 12 August 2009. 
^ Petronas Dagangan capex at RM500mil
^ Petronas teams up with Maybank, CIMB
^ "Petronas Chemicals shares open up 13pc on debut". The Malaysian Insider. 26 December 2010. Archived from the original on 5 January 2011. 
^ "Petronas Chemicals". 12 January 2011. 
^ "Malaysian Marine & Heavy Engineering Core Business". 12 January 2011. Archived from the original on 30 November 2010. 
^ http://www.brawngp.com/readstory.asp?bgp=j%C1%AA%C0rZ%7Df


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Petronas.



Official website (in English)







v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons












v
t
e


 Constituents of the FTSE Bursa Malaysia KLCI




As of 31 March 2017






AMMB Holdings
Astro Malaysia Holdings
Axiata Group
CIMB Group Holdings
DiGi.com
Felda Global Ventures Holdings
Genting
Genting Malaysia
Hong Leong Bank
Hong Leong Financial Group
IHH Healthcare
IOICorporation
Kuala Lumpur Kepong
Malayan Banking
Maxis
MISC
Petronas Chemicals
Petronas Dagangan
Petronas Gas
PPB Group
Public Bank
RHB Bank
Sapura Energy
Sime Darby
Telekom Malaysia
Tenaga Nasional
UMW Holdings
YTL Corporation










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Petronas&oldid=793150185#PETRONAS_Dagangan_Berhad"					
Categories: PetronasOil and gas companies of MalaysiaGovernment-owned companies of MalaysiaPrime Minister's DepartmentNational oil and gas companiesAutomotive fuel brandsMalaysian brandsEnergy companies established in 1974Non-renewable resource companies established in 1974Companies based in Kuala LumpurConglomerate companies of MalaysiaMultinational companies headquartered in MalaysiaPrivately held companies of MalaysiaHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from October 2010EngvarB from August 2016Use dmy dates from August 2016Articles needing additional references from June 2017All articles needing additional referencesArticles needing additional references from May 2009All articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from February 2013Articles with unsourced statements from June 2009Wikipedia articles needing style editing from May 2015All articles needing style editing 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


БългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어Bahasa IndonesiaItalianoLietuviųMagyarमराठीBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenščinaSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்TürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng Việt中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 July 2017, at 23:42.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








	
            Products
            
            
            Home
            
        


























































































                    Turn on more accessible mode
                



                    Turn off more accessible mode
                








Sign In


















































Contact Us										                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        










It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.












PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                









PCGCurrently selected
Our Company
About UsVisionCEO's MessageMilestonesOur OperationsQuick FactsGroup StructureBoard MembersThe Management TeamAchievementsFAQGovernance
Investor Relations
PCG at a GlanceKey Financial DataAnalyst BriefingAnnual ReportAGMCorporate PresentationInvestor Relations PolicyContact Investor RelationsBursa Announcements
News & Highlights
OverviewPress ReleaseHighlights
HSE
Strive for ZeroHealth, Safety & Environment PolicyHealth, Safety & Environment Certification
Events

































ProductsCurrently selectedAgrochemicalsCoatingsConstructionHome and Office ProductsIndustrial SolventMetal Working FluidOil and GasPackagingPersonal CarePharmaceuticalTextileTransportationAll ProductsCommercial Contact












Product Search



It looks like your browser does not have JavaScript enabled. Please turn on JavaScript and try again.







PCG > Products






    
            
            
            Home
            
            













PackagingPersonal CareHome & Office ProductsOil & GasCoatingsConstructionAgrochemicalsTransportationIndustrial SolventMetal Working FluidPharmaceuticalTextile
















Page Image


Page Content​We are driven by our passion to improve the quality of life for millions of people around the world. Besides offering value-added products that benefit customers, we seek to build a future of continuous innovation through customized solutions.Our portfolio covers a wide range of olefins, glycols and derivatives, polymers, methanol, ammonia and fertilisers, and aromatics and MTBE products . Besides ethylene and propylene, which are used as basic feedstock for other products, we also market intermediate products such as butanol including basic performance chemicals. We host a  network of distribution centres and distribution partners as well as tailor-made logistics solutions and packaging types. Through effective product delivery and product handling, we ensure that customers are able to reap the benefits of high value service and excellence.​Business SegmentsPOLYMERHigh Density PolyethyleneLinear Low Density PolyethyleneLow Density PolythyleneMETHANOLMethanol  AMMONIA & FERTILIZERSUreaAmmonia OLEFINS, GLYCOLS & DERIVATIVESOlefinsGlycolsDerivativesAROMATICS & MTBEParaxyleneBenzeneMTBE

























Sitemap
                » Media
                » Events
                » News & Highlights
                » Sustainability
                » HSE
                » Products
                » Investor Relations
                » Our Company






Quicklinks
                » PETRONAS website
                » M&A of PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad
                » PETRONAS Sustainability Reports
                » FTSE4GOOD Bursa Malaysia Index
                » PETRONAS Safety Data Sheet Portal
                » Discover Your Potential with PETRONAS
                » Governance - Foreword by the President and CEO of PETRONAS Group
                » PETRONAS Code of Conduct and Business Ethics (CoBE)
                » Whistleblowing Policy 
                » Bursa Malaysia


















Legal Notice
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                


Scam Notice
                                
                                
                                
                                
                                



							Copyright 2014 PETRONAS Chemicals Group Berhad (459830-K). All rights reserved. 							
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            
Privacy Policy
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            





							|
							                                                                                                                                            Use Terms & Conditions
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            





							| 
							                                                                                                                                            Accessibility
                            
                            
                            
                            
                            

                            Best viewed in Internet Explorer 8 and above
                        

















	Lubricants - PETRONAS Lubricants - For Consumer - PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad (PDB)
































Home

About Us


                                            Overview
                                        


                                            Milestones
                                        


                                            Leadership
                                        


                                            Our Vision
                                        


                                            Our Story
                                        


                                            Awards & Accolades
                                        


                                            Contact Us
                                        




For Consumer


                                            Overview
                                        


                                            PETRONAS Fuels
                                        


                                            PETRONAS Lubricants
                                        


                                            Gas PETRONAS
                                        


                                            Cards Services
                                        


                                            PETRONAS Mesra Loyalty Programme
                                        


                                            Car Care
                                        




For Business


                                            Office Locator
                                        


                                            Business Solutions
                                        


                                            PETRONAS Lubricants
                                        


                                            SmartPay
                                        


                                            Dealership Application
                                        


                                            Cards Services
                                        




Investor Relations


                                            Overview
                                        


                                            Corporate Snapshot
                                        


                                            Analysts Coverage
                                        


                                            Investor Calendar
                                        


                                            Bursa Announcements
                                        


                                            IR Contact & Share Registrar
                                        


                                            Governance Bodies
                                        


                                            Financial Results
                                        


                                            Shareholdings & Dividend Information
                                        


                                            Stock Chart
                                        


                                            Reports & Presentations
                                        


                                            Corporate News
                                        


                                            Awards & Recognitions
                                        



Promotions
   


















                                   Find GAS PETRONAS Dealer
                                       




                                   Find a Petrol Station
                                       




                                   Register for Kad Mesra
                                       




                                   Recommend me an Engine Oil
                                       




                                   Apply to be a PETRONAS Dealer
                                       




                                   Login to SmartPay 
                                       




                                   Login to Mesralink E-Services
                                       




                                   Download the PitStop App
                                       



SEARCH... 
                              















Home

About Us


For Consumer


For Business


Investor Relations

Promotions







                                    Overview

                                    Milestones

                                    Leadership


                                                Board of Directors
                                            
                                                Leadership Team
                                            


                                    Our Vision

                                    Our Story


                                                Harnessing the Power of Technology in Motorsports
                                            
                                                Committed to Leadership, Innovation and Sustainability
                                            
                                                Embracing Long-term Sustainability
                                            
                                                Protecting the Environment for Future Generations
                                            
                                                Nurturing Human Capital to Fuel Business Growth
                                            


                                    Awards & Accolades

                                    Contact Us




                                    Overview

                                    PETRONAS Fuels


                                                PETRONAS PRIMAX 95
                                            
                                                PETRONAS PRIMAX 97
                                            
                                                PETRONAS DYNAMIC DIESEL
                                            
                                                PETRONAS DYNAMIC DIESEL EURO 5
                                            
                                                NGV
                                            


                                    PETRONAS Lubricants


                                                Dealer Locator
                                            
                                                Passenger Car Motor Oil
                                            
                                                Motorcycle Oil
                                            
                                                Heavy Duty Oil
                                            
                                                Transmission and Gear
                                            


                                    Gas PETRONAS


                                                About Gas PETRONAS
                                            
                                                Safety Tips
                                            
                                                SIRIM-Certified Hose & Regulator
                                            
                                                Find Gas PETRONAS Dealer
                                            
                                                Gas PETRONAS Home Delivery
                                            
                                                TryMasak Sihat with Gas PETRONAS
                                            


                                    Cards Services


                                                PETRONAS Credit Cards
                                            
                                                PETRONAS Islamic Credit Cards
                                            
                                                Bank Islam Visa Debit Card-i
                                            
                                                PETRONAS Debit Card
                                            


                                    PETRONAS Mesra Loyalty Programme


                                                About Mesra Card
                                            
                                                Our Promotions
                                            
                                                News & Highlights
                                            
                                                Support
                                            


                                    Car Care


                                                Arexons
                                            
                                                PETRONAS Durance
                                            





                                    Office Locator

                                    Business Solutions


                                                Overview
                                            
                                                Commercial and Industrial Fuels
                                            
                                                Health, Safety, and the Environment (HSE)
                                            


                                    PETRONAS Lubricants


                                                Dealer Locator
                                            
                                                Heavy Duty Oil
                                            
                                                Industrial
                                            
                                                Marine
                                            
                                                GiftMe Program
                                            


                                    SmartPay


                                                Why PETRONAS SmartPay
                                            
                                                Types of Smartpay Cards
                                            
                                                Account Application
                                            
                                                FAQs
                                            
                                                SmartPay Online (SPO) Enquiry Form
                                            


                                    Dealership Application


                                                Dealership Application Forms
                                            
                                                Station Dealer Online Application
                                            


                                    Cards Services


                                                PETRONAS Gift Card
                                            





                                    Overview

                                    Corporate Snapshot


                                                PDB Investor Relations Policy
                                            


                                    Analysts Coverage

                                    Investor Calendar

                                    Bursa Announcements

                                    IR Contact & Share Registrar

                                    Governance Bodies

                                    Financial Results


                                                5-Year Financial Summary
                                            
                                                5-Year Segmental Summary
                                            
                                                Audited Financial Statements
                                            
                                                Current Year Report
                                            
                                                Historical Report
                                            


                                    Shareholdings & Dividend Information

                                    Stock Chart

                                    Reports & Presentations


                                                Annual Reports
                                            
                                                Analyst Briefings
                                            
                                                Annual General Meeting
                                            
                                                Sustainability Report
                                            
                                                Corporate Conference and Roadshows
                                            


                                    Corporate News


                                                Press Releases
                                            
                                                PDB Announcements
                                            


                                    Awards & Recognitions












                                        Maximum Performance 

                                        Our dedicated teams leverage cross-functional knowledge of  lubricants with Formula One™ expertise to design and develop  the most relevant solutions for you
See Our List of Lubricants



 













 Home
/ 
                                        For Consumer
/ 
                                        PETRONAS Lubricants
/ 
                                        Lubricants



PETRONAS Lubricants
                            




                                    Lubricants


                                    Dealer Locator


                                    Passenger Car Motor Oil


                                                Syntium 7000 0W-40
                                            

                                                Syntium 3000 5W-40
                                            

                                                Syntium 800 5W-30
                                            

                                                Syntium 800 10W-40
                                            

                                                Syntium 500 10W-30
                                            

                                                Syntium 500 15W-40
                                            

                                                Syntium 5000 SM 0W-30
                                            

                                                Syntium 5000 SM 0W-40
                                            

                                                Syntium 1000 SM 15W-50
                                            

                                                Syntium 800 SL 10W-30
                                            

                                                Mach 5 SM 15W-40
                                            

                                                MACH 5 SL 10W-30
                                            

                                                Mach 5 SF SAE 40
                                            

                                                NGV Lube
                                            

                                                M-Plus
                                            



                                    Motorcycle Oil


                                                Sprinta F900 10W-40
                                            

                                                Sprinta F700 15W-50
                                            

                                                Sprinta F500 10W-40
                                            

                                                Sprinta F300 15W-40
                                            

                                                Sprinta F300 20W-40
                                            

                                                Sprinta A300 10W-30
                                            

                                                Sprinta F100 SAE 40
                                            

                                                Sprinta T500
                                            

                                                Sprinta T300
                                            



                                    Heavy Duty Oil


                                                Urania 3000 LS 15W-40
                                            

                                                Urania 3000 15W-40
                                            

                                                Urania 800 20W-50
                                            

                                                Urania 800 15W-40
                                            

                                                Urania 500 SAE 40
                                            



                                    Transmission and Gear


                                                ATF-D
                                            

                                                ATF-D3
                                            

                                                ATF-XP
                                            

                                                GL-4
                                            

                                                GL-5
                                            

                                                Powertrans T4
                                            








Share this article






        Lubricants
    

 

PETRONAS Fluid Technology Solutions™The intelligent approach to your fluid requirements that maximizes your vehicle's performance through tailor-made product offerings and expert services



Passenger Car Motor Oil

    Evolved from many years of extensive tests and field experiences, our lubricants
    deliver excellent engine performance and cleanliness
Recommend Me An Engine Oil
See All Products






    Motorcycle Oil

    Bringing you unrivalled peak power as well as optimum level of efficiency for your
    vehicle
Recommend Me An Engine Oil
See All Products





Heavy Duty Engine Oil
See All Products



NGV Lube
Find out more



Transmission & Gear
See All Products



















Share this article









Rate This Article

Did you find this useful or informative? 





12345






Name *




Please enter your name.


Your feedback





Cancel
Post

The code you entered is not valid.
Do not fill this textbox.
















                                    About Us


                                                Overview 

                                                Milestones 

                                                Our Vision 

                                                Leadership 

                                                Awards & Accolades 

                                                Our Story 

                                                Contact Us 



                                    For Consumer


                                                Overview 

                                                PETRONAS Fuels 

                                                PETRONAS Lubricants 

                                                Gas PETRONAS 

                                                Cards Services 

                                                PETRONAS Mesra Loyalty Programme 

                                                Car Care 



                                    For Businesses


                                                Office Locator 

                                                Business Solutions 

                                                PETRONAS Lubricants 

                                                SmartPay 

                                                Dealership Application 

                                                Cards Services 



                                    Investor Relations


                                                Overview 

                                                Corporate Snapshot 

                                                Analysts Coverage 

                                                Investor Calendar 

                                                Bursa Announcements 

                                                IR Contact & Share Registrar 

                                                Governance Bodies 

                                                Financial Results 

                                                Shareholdings & Dividend Information 

                                                Stock Chart 

                                                Reports & Presentations 

                                                Corporate News 

                                                Awards & Recognitions 



                                    Promotions


                                                Promotions 



back to top





















	PETRONAS Lubricants - For Consumer - PETRONAS Dagangan Berhad (PDB)
































Home

About Us


                                            Overview
                                        


                                            Milestones
                                        


                                            Leadership
                                        


                                            Our Vision
                                        


                                            Our Story
                                        


                                            Awards & Accolades
                                        


                                            Contact Us
                                        




For Consumer


                                            Overview
                                        


                                            PETRONAS Fuels
                                        


                                            PETRONAS Lubricants
                                        


                                            Gas PETRONAS
                                        


                                            Cards Services
                                        


                                            PETRONAS Mesra Loyalty Programme
                                        


                                            Car Care
                                        




For Business


                                            Office Locator
                                        


                                            Business Solutions
                                        


                                            PETRONAS Lubricants
                                        


                                            SmartPay
                                        


                                            Dealership Application
                                        


                                            Cards Services
                                        




Investor Relations


                                            Overview
                                        


                                            Corporate Snapshot
                                        


                                            Analysts Coverage
                                        


                                            Investor Calendar
                                        


                                            Bursa Announcements
                                        


                                            IR Contact & Share Registrar
                                        


                                            Governance Bodies
                                        


                                            Financial Results
                                        


                                            Shareholdings & Dividend Information
                                        


                                            Stock Chart
                                        


                                            Reports & Presentations
                                        


                                            Corporate News
                                        


                                            Awards & Recognitions
                                        



Promotions
   


















                                   Find GAS PETRONAS Dealer
                                       




                                   Find a Petrol Station
                                       




                                   Register for Kad Mesra
                                       




                                   Recommend me an Engine Oil
                                       




                                   Apply to be a PETRONAS Dealer
                                       




                                   Login to SmartPay 
                                       




                                   Login to Mesralink E-Services
                                       




                                   Download the PitStop App
                                       



SEARCH... 
                              















Home

About Us


For Consumer


For Business


Investor Relations

Promotions







                                    Overview

                                    Milestones

                                    Leadership


                                                Board of Directors
                                            
                                                Leadership Team
                                            


                                    Our Vision

                                    Our Story


                                                Harnessing the Power of Technology in Motorsports
                                            
                                                Committed to Leadership, Innovation and Sustainability
                                            
                                                Embracing Long-term Sustainability
                                            
                                                Protecting the Environment for Future Generations
                                            
                                                Nurturing Human Capital to Fuel Business Growth
                                            


                                    Awards & Accolades

                                    Contact Us




                                    Overview

                                    PETRONAS Fuels


                                                PETRONAS PRIMAX 95
                                            
                                                PETRONAS PRIMAX 97
                                            
                                                PETRONAS DYNAMIC DIESEL
                                            
                                                PETRONAS DYNAMIC DIESEL EURO 5
                                            
                                                NGV
                                            


                                    PETRONAS Lubricants


                                                Dealer Locator
                                            
                                                Passenger Car Motor Oil
                                            
                                                Motorcycle Oil
                                            
                                                Heavy Duty Oil
                                            
                                                Transmission and Gear
                                            


                                    Gas PETRONAS


                                                About Gas PETRONAS
                                            
                                                Safety Tips
                                            
                                                SIRIM-Certified Hose & Regulator
                                            
                                                Find Gas PETRONAS Dealer
                                            
                                                Gas PETRONAS Home Delivery
                                            
                                                TryMasak Sihat with Gas PETRONAS
                                            


                                    Cards Services


                                                PETRONAS Credit Cards
                                            
                                                PETRONAS Islamic Credit Cards
                                            
                                                Bank Islam Visa Debit Card-i
                                            
                                                PETRONAS Debit Card
                                            


                                    PETRONAS Mesra Loyalty Programme


                                                About Mesra Card
                                            
                                                Our Promotions
                                            
                                                News & Highlights
                                            
                                                Support
                                            


                                    Car Care


                                                Arexons
                                            
                                                PETRONAS Durance
                                            





                                    Office Locator

                                    Business Solutions


                                                Overview
                                            
                                                Commercial and Industrial Fuels
                                            
                                                Health, Safety, and the Environment (HSE)
                                            


                                    PETRONAS Lubricants


                                                Dealer Locator
                                            
                                                Heavy Duty Oil
                                            
                                                Industrial
                                            
                                                Marine
                                            
                                                GiftMe Program
                                            


                                    SmartPay


                                                Why PETRONAS SmartPay
                                            
                                                Types of Smartpay Cards
                                            
                                                Account Application
                                            
                                                FAQs
                                            
                                                SmartPay Online (SPO) Enquiry Form
                                            


                                    Dealership Application


                                                Dealership Application Forms
                                            
                                                Station Dealer Online Application
                                            


                                    Cards Services


                                                PETRONAS Gift Card
                                            





                                    Overview

                                    Corporate Snapshot


                                                PDB Investor Relations Policy
                                            


                                    Analysts Coverage

                                    Investor Calendar

                                    Bursa Announcements

                                    IR Contact & Share Registrar

                                    Governance Bodies

                                    Financial Results


                                                5-Year Financial Summary
                                            
                                                5-Year Segmental Summary
                                            
                                                Audited Financial Statements
                                            
                                                Current Year Report
                                            
                                                Historical Report
                                            


                                    Shareholdings & Dividend Information

                                    Stock Chart

                                    Reports & Presentations


                                                Annual Reports
                                            
                                                Analyst Briefings
                                            
                                                Annual General Meeting
                                            
                                                Sustainability Report
                                            
                                                Corporate Conference and Roadshows
                                            


                                    Corporate News


                                                Press Releases
                                            
                                                PDB Announcements
                                            


                                    Awards & Recognitions










                    Lubricant Recommender
                

                    Select from the dropdown below:
                














Product Filter






select

PetrolDieselNGV































 Home
/ 
                                        For Consumer
/ 
                                        PETRONAS Lubricants



PETRONAS Lubricants
                            




                                    Lubricants


                                    Dealer Locator


                                    Passenger Car Motor Oil


                                                Syntium 7000 0W-40
                                            

                                                Syntium 3000 5W-40
                                            

                                                Syntium 800 5W-30
                                            

                                                Syntium 800 10W-40
                                            

                                                Syntium 500 10W-30
                                            

                                                Syntium 500 15W-40
                                            

                                                Syntium 5000 SM 0W-30
                                            

                                                Syntium 5000 SM 0W-40
                                            

                                                Syntium 1000 SM 15W-50
                                            

                                                Syntium 800 SL 10W-30
                                            

                                                Mach 5 SM 15W-40
                                            

                                                MACH 5 SL 10W-30
                                            

                                                Mach 5 SF SAE 40
                                            

                                                NGV Lube
                                            

                                                M-Plus
                                            



                                    Motorcycle Oil


                                                Sprinta F900 10W-40
                                            

                                                Sprinta F700 15W-50
                                            

                                                Sprinta F500 10W-40
                                            

                                                Sprinta F300 15W-40
                                            

                                                Sprinta F300 20W-40
                                            

                                                Sprinta A300 10W-30
                                            

                                                Sprinta F100 SAE 40
                                            

                                                Sprinta T500
                                            

                                                Sprinta T300
                                            



                                    Heavy Duty Oil


                                                Urania 3000 LS 15W-40
                                            

                                                Urania 3000 15W-40
                                            

                                                Urania 800 20W-50
                                            

                                                Urania 800 15W-40
                                            

                                                Urania 500 SAE 40
                                            



                                    Transmission and Gear


                                                ATF-D
                                            

                                                ATF-D3
                                            

                                                ATF-XP
                                            

                                                GL-4
                                            

                                                GL-5
                                            

                                                Powertrans T4
                                            









	Passenger Car Motor Oil






                Please click on the items below to view the details.
                




















                                    Syntium 7000 0W-40
                                

                                    Ultimate Lubrication Performance Fully Synthetic Engine Oil 










                                    Syntium 3000 5W-40
                                

                                    Specially Engineered Ultimate Performance Engine Oil 










                                    Syntium 800 5W-30
                                

                                    Extreme Performance Synthetic Blend Engine Oil 










                                    Syntium 800 10W-40
                                

                                    Extreme Performance Synthetic Blend Engine Oil Exceeds API SM Specifications 










                                    Syntium 500 10W-30
                                

                                    Extreme Performance Synthetic Blend Engine Oil 










                                    Syntium 500 15W-40
                                

                                    Superior Heat Defense 










                                    Syntium 5000 SM 0W-30
                                

                                    Next Generation Ultimate Performance Engine Oil 










                                    Syntium 5000 SM 0W-40
                                

                                    Next Generation Ultimate Performance Engine Oil 










                                    Syntium 1000 SM 15W-50
                                

                                    Exceptional Performance Fully Synthetic Engine Oil 










                                    Syntium 800 SL 10W-30
                                












                                    Mach 5 SM 15W-40
                                

                                    Extra Performance Multigrade Engine Oil 










                                    MACH 5 SL 10W-30
                                

                                    Extra High Performance, Extra Heavy-Duty Engine Oil 










                                    Mach 5 SF SAE 40
                                

                                    Premium Quality Mono Grade Engine Oil 










                                    NGV Lube
                                

                                    Premium Quality Natural Gas Engine Oil 










                                    M-Plus
                                

                                    Premium Quality High-Mileage Engine Oil 

































Share this article









Rate This Article

Did you find this useful or informative? 





12345






Name *




Please enter your name.


Your feedback





Cancel
Post

The code you entered is not valid.
Do not fill this textbox.
















                                    About Us


                                                Overview 

                                                Milestones 

                                                Our Vision 

                                                Leadership 

                                                Awards & Accolades 

                                                Our Story 

                                                Contact Us 



                                    For Consumer


                                                Overview 

                                                PETRONAS Fuels 

                                                PETRONAS Lubricants 

                                                Gas PETRONAS 

                                                Cards Services 

                                                PETRONAS Mesra Loyalty Programme 

                                                Car Care 



                                    For Businesses


                                                Office Locator 

                                                Business Solutions 

                                                PETRONAS Lubricants 

                                                SmartPay 

                                                Dealership Application 

                                                Cards Services 



                                    Investor Relations


                                                Overview 

                                                Corporate Snapshot 

                                                Analysts Coverage 

                                                Investor Calendar 

                                                Bursa Announcements 

                                                IR Contact & Share Registrar 

                                                Governance Bodies 

                                                Financial Results 

                                                Shareholdings & Dividend Information 

                                                Stock Chart 

                                                Reports & Presentations 

                                                Corporate News 

                                                Awards & Recognitions 



                                    Promotions


                                                Promotions 



back to top







































	
            PETRONAS Global
            
            
            
            
        







































































                                        Turn on more accessible mode
                                    



                                        Turn off more accessible mode
                                    







Sign In



















You are in our Global Site
                                            
                                            





























































Corporate

UpstreamDownstreamCareers





Retail & Marketing

PETRONAS Dagangan BerhadPETRONAS GasPETRONAS Lubricants InternationalEngen Petroleum





Petrochemicals

PETRONAS Chemicals Group BerhadBASF PETRONAS Chemicals


 

































































