











Company History















































Innovative Ultrafast Laser Solutions
Innovative Ultrafast Laser Solutions






HomeAbout UsCompany HistoryMessage from the PresidentOur CustomersCustomer PublicationsJob OpeningsProductsLaser ProductsTi:Sapphire AmplifiersIMPULSE Fiber LaserIMPULSE PhaseShifterMagellan Fiber LaserOptical Parametric AmplifiersNOPA-Pal AutocorrelatorHarmonic GeneratorsLaser SystemsUltrafast Nonlinear SpectrometersMicroscopy SystemsMicromachining WorkstationscOPA and CARSContract ManufacturingMicromachiningContract ManufacturingSerial SectioningIntegrated WorkstationsEducation CenterMicromachining HandbookApplication ProfilesTime-Bandwidth ProductTime-Bandwidth CalculatorContact UsLaser Products Contact Micromachining Contact Inspection Request 














						Clark-MXR, Inc. was incorporated in October of 1992 as a Michigan company to acquire the assets of two other operating companies:  Clark Instrumentation, Inc. in Pittsford, New York and MXR, Inc. in Dexter, Michigan.Clark Instrumentation, Inc. (CII) was founded in November 1987 by Dr. Bill Clark to make ultrafast pulse laser instrumentation for the scientific research market. Its first product was a Colliding Pulse, Mode-locked Dye Laser (CPM) that produced sub-100 fs pulses at a wavelength of 618 nm with a repetition rate of 100 MHz and an average power output of 20 mW. By 1990, CII had three main commercial products:  the CPM, a dye-based multipass amplifier, and an autocorrelator. All sales, marketing, and manufacturing was done out of the Pittsford, NY office.At the CLEO conference in 1990, Professor Wilson Sibbett of St. Andrews University in Scotland, gave his now-famous invited paper in which he stunned the laser community with his report of stable self-mode-locking in Ti:Sapphire. Following this report, CII committed itself to the commercial development of a mode-locked Ti:Sapphire oscillator based on its CPM cavity design. The company was the first to announce a commercial self-mode-locked Ti:Sapphire laser oscillator in the December 1990 issue of Laser Focus World. It delivered the first commercial Ti:Sapphire oscillator in June of 1991.Paralleling the evolution of CII was the development of the progenitor to Medox Research; a company called Medox Electro-optics, Inc.  Medox E/O was started in 1986 as a New York Corporation based in Rochester, NY by Drs. Philippe Bado, Marcel Bouvier, and Gerard Mourou, three scientists who, at the time, were working at the University of Rochester. The company's main product was a Pockels Cell Driver based on a microwave tube. (A Pockel Cell is used to switch in and switch out a seed pulse in an amplifier and is an integral component to chirped pulse amplifier technology that had been invented in Professor Mourou's group). Medox E/O and its staff moved to Ann Arbor when Dr. Mourou started The Center for Ultrafast Optical Science (CUOS) at the University of Michigan.In 1991 Philippe Bado started Medox Research (MXR) to develop a kHz commercial Ti:Sapphire Amplifier based on the concept of chirped pulse amplification (CPA). Shortly after Philippe founded MXR, Philippe and Bill began discussing a collaboration to satisfy the growing market interest in a complete CPA system. For a little over a year, CII served as the sales and marketing representative for the two separate companies, selling complete systems with the oscillator and autocorrelator made by CII and the regenerative amplifier made by MXR. It was during this period that it became apparent to both Bill and Philippe that the two companies had similar goals and complementary strengths, and so they decided to merge the two companies into one, forming Clark-MXR, Inc. in 1992.Since their inception, these companies have lead the field with the introduction of many ultrafast laser products.




HomeAbout UsCompany HistoryMessage from the PresidentOur CustomersCustomer PublicationsJob OpeningsProductsLaser ProductsTi:Sapphire AmplifiersIMPULSE Fiber LaserIMPULSE PhaseShifterMagellan Fiber LaserOptical Parametric AmplifiersNOPA-Pal AutocorrelatorHarmonic GeneratorsLaser SystemsUltrafast Nonlinear SpectrometersMicroscopy SystemsMicromachining WorkstationscOPA and CARSContract ManufacturingMicromachiningContract ManufacturingSerial SectioningIntegrated WorkstationsEducation CenterMicromachining HandbookApplication ProfilesTime-Bandwidth ProductTime-Bandwidth CalculatorContact UsLaser Products Contact Micromachining Contact Inspection Request 

About Us

Company HistoryMessage from the PresidentOur CustomersCustomer PublicationsJob Openings























© 2011 Clark-MXR Contact Us


















 William Krueger v. Pulse Evolution Corporation Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County :: 2017 :: Texas Court of Appeals, Fifth District Decisions :: Texas Case Law :: Texas Law :: US Law :: Justia
















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new Supreme Court of Texas opinions.







Subscribe








William Krueger v. Pulse Evolution Corporation Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)

Annotate this Case






Download PDF



					AFFIRM; and Opinion Filed July 21, 2017. S In The Court of Appeals Fifth District of Texas at Dallas No. 05-16-00922-CV WILLIAM KRUEGER, Appellant V. PULSE EVOLUTION CORPORATION, Appellee On Appeal from the 14th Judicial District Court Dallas County, Texas Trial Court Cause No. DC-15-06084 MEMORANDUM OPINION Before Justices Bridges, Lang-Miers, and Evans Opinion by Justice Lang-Miers William Krueger appeals the trial court’s order dismissing his lawsuit against Pulse Evolution Corp. Pulse moved to dismiss the lawsuit arguing that its employment agreement with Krueger, formerly Pulse’s chief financial officer, contained a forum selection clause and an arbitration clause requiring the parties to resolve their disputes in Florida. Krueger argued that his claims do not fall within the scope of the employment agreement and are not subject to the forum selection clause. We agree with Pulse and affirm the trial court’s order dismissing Krueger’s claims. BACKGROUND Pulse states in its motion to dismiss that it is a Nevada corporation with its headquarters in Florida. It is a digital production and intellectual property company that produces specialized, high-impact applications of computer-generated human likeness for use in entertainment, life sciences, education, and telecommunication. It develops “virtual humans” for live and holographic concerts, advertising, feature films, branded content, medical applications, and training. In May 2014, Krueger became the executive vice president and chief financial officer of a subsidiary of Pulse and signed an employment agreement with the subsidiary. At some point, Pulse assumed the employment agreement and Krueger became Pulse’s CFO. Paragraph 25 of the employment agreement contained an arbitration clause and a forum selection clause: 25. Dispute Resolution; Attorneys’ Fees; Waiver of Jury Trial. Any dispute under this Agreement shall be resolved by arbitration conducted in Palm Beach County, Florida, in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association (the “Rules”) in effect at the time a demand for arbitration is first made, which Rules are incorporated by reference into this clause. The requirements of AAA relating to Florida licensed legal counsel and the notices and fees associated with appearance of Florida counsel not licensed in Florida are waived. A single arbitrator shall be chosen by mutual agreement of the parties. If the parties cannot agree on a single arbitrator, then the arbitration shall be conducted by three (3) arbitrators whereby each party shall choose one ( 1) arbitrator and those two (2) arbitrators shall select a third arbitrator. The arbitration shall be conducted in a single hearing, and the arbitrator(s) shall render his/her/their decision within a reasonable time after the conclusion of the hearing. In a written decision, the arbitrator(s) shall specify the basis for his/her/their decision, the basis for the damages award and a breakdown of the damages awarded, and the basis of any other remedy. With regard to any arbitration or other proceeding filed or brought by any of the parties against another party, each party shall bear his/its own fees and costs; provided, however, that the Prevailing Party (defined below) shall be entitled to recover all of its reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with such dispute, including expenses, court costs, witness fees and legal and accounting fees. The term “Prevailing Party” means that party whose position is substantially upheld in a final judgment rendered in such proceeding. The arbitrator’s decision shall be considered as a final and binding resolution of the dispute, shall not be subject to appeal and may be entered as an order in any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States. The parties agree to submit to the jurisdiction of any such court for purposes of the enforcement of any such order. The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon the arbitrator. Any arbitration proceeding shall be conducted on a confidential basis. The arbitrator’s discretion to fashion remedies hereunder shall be no broader or narrower than the legal and equitable remedies available to a court. Either party may seek provisional relief in an appropriate court as allowed by law. In the event that arbitration cannot be compelled or in order to enforce arbitration, each party submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal (if it has or can acquire jurisdiction) court in Port St. Lucie County, Florida, and waives all defenses with respect to jurisdiction or venue. TO THE EXTENT PERMIITED BY LAW, EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY –2– WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT. [sic] ACTION OR OTHER PROCEEDING INSTITUTED BY OR AGAINST SUCH PARTY IN RESPECT OF ITS OR HIS OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER. About eight months after Krueger signed the employment agreement, Pulse terminated his employment. Krueger asked Pulse to inform its current and prospective investors and the public generally that he was no longer associated with Pulse. However, Pulse continued to represent Krueger as Pulse’s CFO on its website, and Krueger sued Pulse in Dallas County. The lawsuit alleged, among other things, that Pulse misappropriated Krueger’s name and represented that Krueger was still affiliated with Pulse to induce creditors and vendors to extend services and accept stock and equity in Pulse. Pulse moved to dismiss Krueger’s claims pursuant to the forum selection clause. The trial court granted Pulse’s motion and dismissed Krueger’s lawsuit without prejudice. Krueger appeals. STANDARD OF REVIEW & APPLICABLE LAW We review a trial court’s order dismissing a lawsuit for an abuse of discretion. Chandler Mgmt. Corp. v. First Specialty Ins. Corp., 452 S.W.3d 887, 891 (Tex. App.—Dallas 2014, no pet.). When the order is based on the interpretation of a contract containing a forum selection clause, we review the trial court’s interpretation of the contract de novo. CNOOC Se. Asia Ltd. v. Paladin Res. (SUNDA) Ltd., 222 S.W.3d 889, 894 (Tex. App.—Dallas 2007, pet. denied). “Forum selection clauses are generally enforceable and presumptively valid.” In re Laibe Corp., 307 S.W.3d 314, 316 (Tex. 2010). When deciding whether to enforce a forum selection clause, a court must determine whether the claims fall within the scope of the clause. Deep Water Slender Wells, Ltd. v. Shell Int’l Expl. & Prod., Inc., 234 S.W.3d 679, 687 (Tex. App.—Houston [14th Dist.] 2007, pet. denied); see also RSR Corp. v. Siegmund, 309 S.W.3d 686, 700 (Tex. App.—Dallas 2010, no pet.). A court makes this determination based on the language of the clause and the nature of the claims asserted in the lawsuit. Deep Water Slender Wells, 234 –3– S.W.3d at 687; RSR Corp., 309 S.W.3d at 700. In examining the claims asserted in the lawsuit, a court does not “‘slavish[ly] adhere[] to a contract/tort distinction.’” In re Int’l Profit Assocs., Inc., 274 S.W.3d 672, 677 (Tex. 2009) (per curiam) (quoting Ginter ex rel. Ballard v. Belcher, Prendergast & Laporte, 536 F.3d 439, 444 (5th Cir. 2008)). Instead, the court must examine the claims in “a common-sense” manner being wary of “artful pleading” that “would allow a litigant to avoid a forum-selection clause.” Id. We construe a contract containing a forum selection clause under general contract principles. CNOOC Se. Asia Ltd., 222 S.W.3d at 895. Contract construction begins with the contract’s plain language. Id. We presume the parties intended each contractual provision to have meaning, and we attempt to harmonize its provisions so that none is rendered meaningless. Id. We give terms their plain, ordinary, and generally accepted meaning unless the contract shows a different meaning was intended. See Valance Operating Co. v. Dorsett, 164 S.W.3d 656, 662 (Tex. 2005). DISCUSSION In his “issue presented,” Krueger argues that the trial court erred by granting Pulse’s motion to dismiss and dismissing his lawsuit based on paragraph 25 of the employment agreement. Within this issue, Krueger makes two points: (1) the trial court erred by dismissing his lawsuit “because the narrow forum selection clause in the Employment Agreement, which applies only to ‘disputes under [the] Agreement,’ does not apply to the dismissed claims”; and (2) “[t]he trial court erred to the extent that it found the arbitration clause in the Employment Agreement to apply in this case.” We address Krueger’s first point. Krueger’s claims are noncontractual. Whether they fall within the scope of the employment agreement’s forum selection clause depends on the parties’ intent as expressed in the agreement and a common-sense examination of the substance of the allegations. Pinto Tech. –4– Ventures, L.P. v. Sheldon, No. 16-0007, 2017 WL 2200357, at *5 (Tex. May 19, 2017). Krueger challenges only the parties’ intent as expressed in the forum selection clause. The first sentence of paragraph 25 of the employment agreement states that “[a]ny dispute under this Agreement shall be arbitrated” in Palm Beach County, Florida. The forum selection clause, which is found much later in the paragraph, states, “In the event that arbitration cannot be compelled or in order to enforce arbitration,” exclusive jurisdiction lies in Port St. Lucie County, Florida. Krueger acknowledges that the forum selection clause does not contain the modifying language “under this Agreement” that is contained in the arbitration clause. But he contends that the forum selection clause should be interpreted narrowly to apply only to “disputes under [the] agreement.” See RSR Corp, 309 S.W.3d at 700–01 (discussing difference between claim that arises “under” agreement and one that “arises out of” or “relates to” agreement). He argues that “a common sense examination of [his] claims in this case shows that they are based entirely on statutory and common law, rather than any breach” of the employment agreement. Pulse, on the other hand, argues that the parties’ omission of the modifying language “under this Agreement” in the forum selection clause is evidence that the parties did not intend to limit the forum selection clause only to disputes that sought to enforce the agreement. See id. (explaining that claim “under” agreement sought to enforce agreement). Pulse also argues that to adopt Krueger’s interpretation would render portions of the paragraph in conflict or meaningless. We agree with Pulse. The modifying language “under this Agreement” is found only in the arbitration clause, which is the first sentence of paragraph 25. The forum selection clause, found in lines 27–30 of paragraph 25, states that it applies to disputes in which arbitration cannot be compelled. Additionally, each clause selects a different county in Florida as the forum for dispute resolution. To give meaning to both the arbitration clause and the forum selection clause, –5– the forum selection clause must refer to disputes that are not subject to the arbitration clause, that is, disputes that do not arise “under this Agreement.” If the parties wanted this modifying language to apply to the forum selection clause, they could have said so. See Michiana Easy Livin’ Country, Inc. v. Holten, 168 S.W.3d 777, 792–93 (Tex. 2005). And we will not add words to a contract under the guise of interpretation. LG Ins. Mgmt. Servs., L.P. v. Leick, 378 S.W.3d 632, 638 (Tex. App.—Dallas 2012, pet. denied). Any other interpretation would render the arbitration clause and the forum selection clause in conflict. We conclude that the parties did not limit the forum selection clause to disputes that arise “under this Agreement” and the clause is not so limited. And because appellant does not otherwise argue that the forum selection clause does not apply, we resolve Krueger’s first point against him and do not need to reach his second point. CONCLUSION We conclude that the trial court did not abuse its discretion by granting Pulse’s motion to dismiss. We affirm the trial court’s order. /Elizabeth Lang-Miers/ ELIZABETH LANG-MIERS JUSTICE 160922F.P05 –6– S Court of Appeals Fifth District of Texas at Dallas JUDGMENT WILLIAM KRUEGER, Appellant No. 05-16-00922-CV On Appeal from the 14th Judicial District Court, Dallas County, Texas Trial Court Cause No. DC-15-06084. Opinion delivered by Justice Lang-Miers. Justices Bridges and Evans participating. V. PULSE EVOLUTION CORPORATION, Appellee In accordance with this Court’s opinion of this date, the judgment of the trial court is AFFIRMED. It is ORDERED that appellee Pulse Evolution Corporation recover its costs of this appeal from appellant William Krueger. Judgment entered this 21st day of July, 2017. –7–
				












        Search this Case 
    


Google Scholar
Google Books
Legal Blogs  


Google Web 
Bing Web 


Google News 
Google News Archive 
Yahoo! News 




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 

Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            







                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            









            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions









Pulse Evolution Corp : Pulse Evolution Names Media Entrepreneur Peter Voelkle as Executive Chairman | 4-Traders













































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  OTC Bulletin Board  >  Pulse Evolution Corp    










     PULSE EVOLUTION CORP     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







No quotes available

--
USD
 
--.--%










2014 PULSE EVOLUTION : Creator of Virtual Michael Jackson, Starts Trading..


2014 PULSE EVOLUTION : Elvis Presley(TM) Virtually Comes Back To Life

 







SummaryNewsCompany News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




Pulse Evolution Corp : Pulse Evolution Names Media Entrepreneur Peter Voelkle as Executive Chairman



































0






07/14/2017 | 05:31pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





Accomplished Media Entrepreneur and Film & Television Producer Will Leverage His Extensive Experience in Content Creation & Distribution to Accelerate Commercial Deployment of Digital Humans Across Platforms
JUPITER, FL and SAN RAFAEL, CA / ACCESSWIRE / July 14, 2017 / Pulse Evolution Corporation (OTC PINK: PLFX), a recognized pioneer and leading developer of hyper-realistic digital humans for holographic live performances, virtual reality, and augmented reality, today announced the appointment of acclaimed entertainment producer, entrepreneur, and senior media executive, Peter Voelkle, as Executive Chairman.
With Mr. Voelkle, Pulse adds a Chairman recognized for founding and contributing to the building of significant value for leading media companies by creating proprietary assets that are leveraged across a broad range of entertainment business segments. Mr. Voelkle has been given a broad mandate to link Pulse's culture of industry-leading innovation with a focus on commercial applications.
In support of this leadership transition, Pulse's founder and major shareholder, John Textor, has resigned from his officer and director positions at the Company, although he will continue to make important contributions in his new role as Senior Advisor to the Company.
Mr. Textor lauded the new era of Pulse leadership, "As a proud founder, I am thrilled to see the mission of Pulse so thoroughly embraced by such an accomplished industry veteran as Peter. With his leadership as Executive Chairman, and Jordan Fiksenbaum as our new CEO, this transition represents Pulse's transformation from technology development to global commercialization, and our creative team will be elevated to a new level of peer-revered status as our projects inspire audiences worldwide."
New Chairman Peter Voelkle, commented, "The Board is extremely grateful to John Textor for his numerous contributions and tireless service, as his creative and strategic vision created the vital foundation for Pulse, positioning the Company for its next stage of growth; his continued input and insight will be invaluable."
Mr. Voelkle, continued, "I am honored to accept the Chairman role. The Pulse team consists of a highly engaged team of uniquely talented, immensely competent and accomplished professionals who will bring continued strengths in driving the Pulse mission. I am excited to work with this great team and look forward to developing business opportunities and strengthening our operational structure. We have a remarkable opportunity to create entirely new categories of entertainment properties which should create significant value for our shareholders."
About Peter Voelkle
Peter Voelkle is a successful content producer, media entrepreneur, and TMT sector expert with long standing experience in content creation, content distribution, company building, capital markets and M&A. Mr. Voelkle has produced hundreds of episodes of TV-series and a number of feature films, mostly in the animation and family program category, among them many highly acclaimed and award winning productions. Mr. Voelkle founded and built TV-Loonland AG into an internationally leading content group in the early 2000's and led the company to a successful IPO with a market cap of approx. ?1.25 billion. He built and/or led companies in various European territories, in the US, and in Asian markets with business activities in Online Streaming/VOD, Film and Television production and distribution, Theatrical Distribution, Licensing and Merchandising, Cable and Satellite channels, Interactive Programming, Animation studios, etc. Before starting his own business activities, Mr. Voelkle held senior positions at Kirch Media, then one of Europe's largest media groups. He is a special honours graduate in law of the Ludwig-Maximilians-University in Munich, and the recipient of a post-graduate fellowship of the MaxPlanck-Society for International Copyright Law. He was a member of the German Bar
About Pulse Evolution Corporation
The Company is a recognized pioneer and leading developer of hyper-realistic digital humans for entertainment, virtual reality, augmented reality, and artificial intelligence. Pulse is most popularly known for producing the animated digital human likeness of the late Michael Jackson that appeared in a live performance of the Billboard Music Awards on May 18, 2014, seen by more than 11 million television viewers and generating more than 2,400 news articles and 98 billion Internet impressions.
Founded by the world's leading executives and producers of photorealistic digital humans, such as the lead character from the film, "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and the concert experience "Tupac at Coachella," Pulse Evolution is currently developing computer-generated digital humans for entertainment and media applications, such as holographic live performances, virtual reality, augmented reality and artificial intelligence. The Company has multi-year revenue share agreements with the Estates of Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley, and Marilyn Monroe, three of the world's most valuable celebrity estates, and is principally focused on generating revenues from these agreements.
The Company sees digital humans emerging as ubiquitous in society, culture, and industry. They will not only perform for audiences on stage or in film, but they will also represent individual consumers as digital likeness avatars, in realistic and fantasy form, appearing and interacting on the consumer's behalf in electronic and mobile communication, social media, video games and virtual reality. Future digital humans will provide a relatable human interface for artificial intelligence applications, "thinking" machine systems that, through the Company's technology, will appear as realistic communicating humans in mobile devices, digital signage, classrooms, and through lightweight wearable augmented reality glasses and virtual reality headsets. The Company's long-term goal is to be the "face" of artificial intelligence, to provide a human form to interactive artificially intelligent computer beings.
Pulse is headquartered in Jupiter, Florida, with studios in San Rafael, California. Please visit www.pulse.co.
Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer:
Certain statements contained in this news release are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking statements contained in this release relate to, among other things, the timing and potential success of new projects, productions, product releases, future operating results, and the Company's leadership in the digital production, VR, and AR industry. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by words such as "believes," "may," "expects," "anticipates," "should," and other similar expressions. Readers should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are based upon the Company's beliefs and assumptions as of the date of this release. The Company's actual results could differ materially due to risk factors and other items described in more detail in the Company''s filings, including Annual and Quarterly reports, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (copies of which may be obtained at www.sec.gov). Subsequent events and developments may cause these forward-looking statements to change significantly. The Company specifically disclaims any obligation or intention to update or revise these forward-looking statements as a result of changed events or circumstances that occur after the date of this release, except as required by applicable law.
Investor/Press Contacts:
For Pulse Evolution Corporation:
Douglas W. Calderdouglas.calder@pulse.co
Office: 561-840-5000 or Cell: 772-418-6302
SOURCE: Pulse Evolution Corporation
















 © Accesswire 2017





































0






 






Latest news on PULSE EVOLUTION CORP




07/14 PULSE EVOLUTION CORP : Pulse Evolution Names Media Entrepreneur Peter Voelkle as..

06/22 PULSE EVOLUTION CORP : Pulse Evolution Appoints Live Entertainment Veteran, Jord..

06/16 PULSE EVOLUTION CORP : Pulse Evolution Announces Shareholder Webcast Call to Dis..

2016 PULSE EVOLUTION : Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition an..

2014 PULSE EVOLUTION : Creator of Virtual Michael Jackson, Starts Trading on OTCQB To..

2014 PULSE EVOLUTION : Elvis Presley(TM) Virtually Comes Back To Life



More news

 







 



 





Managers
 





 NameTitleJordan Fiksenbaum
Chief Executive Officer
Jim Berney
President & Head-Studio Production
Peter Voelkle
Executive Chairman
John C. Textor
Chief Financial Officer
René P. Eichenberger
Vice Chairman
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

PULSE EVOLUTION CORP0





TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY FOX3.78%53 992

VIVENDI8.39%30 094

VIACOM-0.51%14 597

LIONS GATE ENTERTAINMENT CORP. (USA)10.93%5 970

DOLBY LABORATORIES, INC.14.52%5 364


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave











Switch Mode Power Supply | Switch Mode Transformers | Pulse Electronics Power BU




























































 



























NEWS
SUPPORT
QUOTES
MY PRODUCTS (0)





CALL +1 858-674-8100























INDUCTORS

DRUM CORE INDUCTORS
FLAT COIL INDUCTORS
MOLDED POWDER INDUCTORS
PLANAR INDUCTORS
POWER BEAD INDUCTORS
ROUND WIRE COIL INDUCTORS
TOROIDAL INDUCTORS
WIRE WOUND INDUCTORS

TRANSFORMERS

SWITCH MODE TRANSFORMERS
GATE DRIVE TRANSFORMERS

SENSING

SIDEWINDER

CM CHOKES
RESOURCES

PRODUCT FINDER
NEWS & INSIGHT
COMPETITOR CROSS REFERENCE
DATA SHEETS
DISTRIBUTORS & REPS
IC CROSS REFERENCE
STOCK CHECK
WHITE PAPERS
OHM'S LAW CALCULATOR

ABOUT

CONTACT
CAREERS










 


Search this site on Google







































Switch Mode Transformers














Power Transformers
Switch Mode Transformers






















Search Switch Mode Transformers


Compare
Request a Quote
Add to My Products
Request Samples
Use Product Finder Tool






Image

PartNumber
Topology
OutputPower (W)
Core Size
L (mm)
W (mm)
H (mm)
Footprint Area (LxW)
Mounting
InputVoltageRange
Output Voltage 1 (V)
Output Current 1 (A)
Output Voltage 2 (V)
Output Current 2 (A)
Insulation Level
Isolation
DataSheets





More About Switch Mode Transformers
All switch mode transformers (such as high isolation, wire wound, planar and others) operate at a high frequency -- typically 50 Hz to 200Hz -- and thus have become a popular power option within a variety of industrial isolation, power and communication applications. When compared to many other types of transformers, switch modes often provide a higher level of efficiency. They also possess relatively small footprints which help contribute to their lighter weight. Another sought after benefit is their minimized power use under load free (yet still switched on) conditions...making them ideal choices for electrical device power supplies.



















Switch Mode Power Supply Transformer Manufacturing & Design
We're one of the world's leading, high-volume manufacturers and designers of SMT and THT switch mode power supply products, including fieldbus isolation, planar transformers, toroidal, wound and off-line transformer products. You can browse our complete line of SMPS and switch mode transformers below or use any of the resources on this page to find what you need.
















[Overview] Switch Mode Transformers
Stock Check
More Resources

















News & Insight: Switch Mode Power Supplies & Switch Mode Transformers




New High Isolation SMT Flyback Gate Drive Transformers Offer Compact Industrial Design



                    Pulse Electronics Power Business Unit has released two new high isolation SMT flyback gate drive transformers. The PH9363NL and PH0416NL platforms provide a high isolation as well as powering the...Read Full Article >>





New AEC-Q200 Qualified High Frequency, Low Profile Current Sense Transformer Series



                    Pulse Electronics Power Business Unit has released a new high frequency current sense transformer series. The AEC-Q200 qualified PA1005.XXXQNL series offers a frequency range of 50kHz to 1MHz and a...Read Full Article >>





PH08XXCNL Series: Planar Transformer Continues Cost-Down Initiative



                    The PH08xxCNL series is our most cost effective line of planar transformers to date. The PH08xxCNL series is an evolution of the planar technology to better suit today’s customer needs for...Read Full Article >>





What is RoHS Compliance? Definition and Role in Power Supply Manufacturing



                    You may have heard a lot about RoHS compliance but have been unsure of its ramifications to your line of work. This post will walk you through what RoHS is, what you need to do to...Read Full Article >>





New PH9385 High Isolation, Low Profile SMT Power Transformer Series



                    We're excited to introduce our new PH9385 series of 4KVrms isolation power transformers, which achieves 12mm creepage in a patent-pending, low-profile, compact, 17x16x7mm surface mount package....Read Full Article >>
























SWITCH MODE TRANSFORMERS
GATE DRIVE TRANSFORMERS






























Pulse ElectronicsPower BU








World Headquarters15255 Innovation Dr Ste 100San Diego, CA 92128+1 (858) 674-8100











Products










Power Inductors
Switch Mode Transformers
Gate Drive Transformers
Common Mode Chokes
Current Sense Magnetics











Resources










Product Finder
Stock Check
Quotes
Support
Design Services
White Papers











Company










About
Careers
News
Contact




































Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Terms of Use | Safe Harbor Policy | Sitemap


































 







Pulse Electronics – Pulse Electronics Wireless Consumer
















www.pulseelectronics.comWireless ConsumerProducts&Solutions Smart Antennas NFC Antennas LTE Antennas Antennas for Metal Covers Indie – Operator Independent Hardware 3-feed Cellular Antenna mLUX Translucent Flex Antenna Standalone Antennas Standalone Antenna Modules Integration to Structural Parts Integration to Visual PartsManufacturing FluidANT Pulse LDS Flex HTC Ceramic SMT Capability SubassembliesTesting In-house RF Testing and Measurement In House NFC Measurements In House Audio Test Capability In House Waterproof Test CapabilityDownloadsAbout Us Wireless Consumer Careers NewsContact Us



Products&Solutions Smart Antennas NFC Antennas LTE Antennas Antennas for Metal Covers Indie – Operator Independent Hardware 3-feed Cellular Antenna mLUX Translucent Flex Antenna Standalone Antennas Standalone Antenna Modules Integration to Structural Parts Integration to Visual PartsManufacturing FluidANT Pulse LDS Flex HTC Ceramic SMT Capability SubassembliesTesting In-house RF Testing and Measurement In House NFC Measurements In House Audio Test Capability In House Waterproof Test CapabilityDownloadsAbout Us Wireless Consumer Careers NewsContact Us 
World leading wireless enabler
Providing design and manufacturing solutions for wireless devices.Learn MoreAntennas and solutions forSmart  phonesLearn MoreAntennas and solutions forTablets  and laptopsLearn MoreAntennas and solutions forWearable  devicesLearn MoreAntennas and solutions forWireless  chargingLearn MoreAntennas and solutions forCustomized segmentsLearn MorePulse Wireless Consumer Delight End Users
Our aim is to optimize antenna radiator and mechanics design for complex multi-radioenvironments under all circumstances without limiting the industrial design. The carefully developed Pulse solutions truly delight end users.
Read more about usFluidANTGame Changer of
Printing Directly
on 3D SurfacesPulse LDSNovel
EvolutionPulse AntennasMatch with
Metal CoversPulse mLUX
Invisible AntennaLet the Light
DelightPulse
Smart AntennasEnriched End
User ExperiencePulse NFC Reliable
mCommercePulse 4G LTEOpens
a New World
of ConnectivityIndieOperator
Indepent
HardwarePulse 3-feed AntennaPerformance
Verified
by China MobileNews & InsightPulse Electronics Introduces Off-the-Shelf Antennas for GPS, GLONASS, WLAN/Dual band WIFI, and GSM900/1800Pulse Electronics Corporation introduces a new generation of FluidWRITER™ printers that create printed electronics directly on 3D surfacesPulse Electronics’ ProxAnt TL 1.0 Package Combines a Proximity Sensor with an Antenna to Optimize both FunctionsPulse Electronics’ Antenna Miniaturization Technology Enables High Data Rates in Tight Spaces that Require 3x3 MIMO ConfigurationsPulse Electronics’ Plume Series Dual-Band Flexible Internal Antenna is Smaller and More Efficient for IoT ApplicationsNews ArchiveLet’s find the best solutions for you
Contact now!
As a technology leader, Pulse Electronics boostsappealing mobile devices by providing intelligent antenna design and manufacturing solutions forhandsets, tablets, laptops and wearable devices.Trusted worldwide by companies and people like you



            
                                
            Navigate Wireless Consumer                
                        
        
HomeProducts & Solutions Integration to Structural Parts Integration to Visual Parts Standalone Antenna Modules for Enhanced Value Standalone AntennasKey Market Segments Smart phones Customized segments Tablets and laptops Wearable devices Wireless chargingWireless ConsumerDownloadsContact UsNewsCareers














Terms of UsePulse Privacy PolicyTerms and Conditions of Sale
Pulse (Suzhou) Wireless Products Co., Ltd
		No.99 Huo Ju Road
		(No.29 Building, 4th phase)
		Suzhou New District Science & Technology Industrial Park
		Jiangsu Province, Suzhou 215009
		P.R. CHINA
		Tel. +86, 512, 69206220

LinkedIn

Pulse Wireless Consumer is a Business Unit of Pulse Electronics






	Baystreet.ca


































Login
Become a Member

View Desktop Site























































         Baystreet Staff - Thursday, June 22, 2017
Pulse Evolution Appoints Live Entertainment Veteran, Jordan Fiksenbaum as CEO







[ACCESSWIRE]
Long-Time Pulse Evolution Advisor, Fiksenbaum, Responsible for Over $5 billion in Ticket Revenues in Live Entertainment, Steps into Lead Role as Company Prepares for Commercialization of its Market Leading Digital Human TechnologiesJUPITER, FL and SAN RAFAEL, CA / ACCESSWIRE / June 22, 2017 / Pulse Evolution Corporation (OTC PINK: PLFX) ("Pulse"), a recognized pioneer and leading developer of hyper-realistic digital humans for holographic live performances, virtual reality and augmented reality, today announced that veteran entertainment senior executive, Jordan Fiksenbaum, was named CEO. Looking to build on the Company's first realization of revenues, Fiksenbaum will lead the next stage of Pulse's growth by leveraging the Company's proprietary digital human technology in the launch of highly anticipated shows, productions and special projects featuring hyper-realistic, digital celebrity performances.Mr. Fiksenbaum has been working professionally in the live entertainment industry for nearly 30 years, now bringing to Pulse his impressive and relevant experience in senior management including strategic planning, operations, sales, marketing, promotions, event programming, and ticketing. While at Cirque du Soleil, he was responsible for the marketing, sales and public relations initiatives of nine resident shows, including launching Michael Jackson One in Las Vegas, which features an appearance of the holographic likeness of Michael Jackson. Within the theatre industry, Fiksenbaum worked on numerous award-winning productions including The Phantom of the Opera, Ragtime, Disney's the Lion King, Wicked, Les Misérables and Spamalot. His extensive experience and background also include roles as: Founder & CEO of POP Experience, former Vice President of Theatrical Productions for Kimmel Center, Inc. in Philadelphia, and serving as a senior consultant to a diverse group of companies including Feld Entertainment, Celine Dion, DuPont, the Kodak Theatre and Theatre Dreams."I have been in awe of Pulse's creative team since I first saw the remarkable virtual Michael Jackson concert performance at the Billboard Music awards which generated worldwide headlines and interest," said Fiksenbaum. "Pulse's technology has been further optimized since then, and we are now poised to launch a series of immersive productions and ground-breaking entertainment projects that will astonish audiences worldwide."John Textor, Chairman of Pulse, stated, "Jordan's strategic vision has been an extremely valuable contribution in his past role as a senior advisor to Pulse. His impressive track record in live entertainment, his trusted reputation among our most important celebrity estate relationships and his readiness to commercialize our innovative digital human technologies made him the ideal choice to complete our search for a CEO."In addition to his leadership of the Company's principal entertainment productions, expected to start production in the coming weeks, Mr. Fiksenbaum has been given a broad mandate by the Board of Pulse to significantly upgrade the Company's internal controls, timeliness of financial reporting and investor communications in preparation for the Company's next phase of growth.With regard to his overall mandate, Mr. Fiksenbaum, commented, "As Pulse is coming of age and readies itself for the explosive growth driven by commercialization of its digital likeness technology, and other products and services, the Pulse shareholders and our founder Mr. Textor felt strongly that it was time to bring in strong new leadership and management depth to meet the challenges of our next phase of growth. I am honored to accept this leadership role at Pulse. I will work tirelessly and swiftly to execute a transformational plan that will strengthen our operational readiness, re-establish our firm as a fully reporting US listed company, and promote our share currency to achieve the highest possible valuation that is reflective of our unique global business opportunity."Textor added, "I am truly overjoyed that my great friend and long-time Pulse advisor, Jordan, has accepted responsibility for full-time leadership of Pulse as the company can now transform from a technology-focused development stage company to a globally relevant producer of entertainment content across all traditional and alternative display environments. In the coming weeks, we look forward to bringing even more leadership resources to our board and to our management team, in support of Jordan's mandate and the Company's overall mission."Mr. Textor will host a shareholder webcast this morning at 11:00am ET, to discuss today's news and other business and financial updates.Shareholder Webcast Call Details - Thursday, June 22, 2017 at 11:00am ET:Webcast Link: http://www.investorcalendar.com/event/15925Archived replay will be available for two weeks following the call.About Pulse Evolution CorporationThe Company is a recognized pioneer and leading developer of hyper-realistic digital humans for entertainment, virtual reality, augmented reality and artificial intelligence. Pulse is most popularly known for producing the animated digital human likeness of the late Michael Jackson that appeared in a live performance of the Billboard Music Awards on May 18, 2014, seen by more than 11 million television viewers and generating more than 2,400 news articles and 98 billion Internet impressions.Founded by the world's leading executives and producers of photorealistic digital humans, such as the lead character from the film "The Curious Case of Benjamin Button" and the concert experience 'Tupac at Coachella', Pulse Evolution is currently developing computer-generated digital humans for entertainment and media applications, such as holographic live performances, virtual reality, augmented reality and artificial intelligence. The Company has multi-year revenue share agreements with leading celebrity estates, headlined by the Estate of Michael Jackson, principally focused on generating revenues from these agreements.The Company sees digital humans emerging as ubiquitous in society, culture and industry. They will not only perform for audiences on stage or in film, but they will also represent individual consumers as digital likeness avatars, in realistic and fantasy form, appearing and interacting on the consumer's behalf in electronic and mobile communication, social media, video games and virtual reality. Future digital humans will provide a relatable human interface for artificial intelligence applications, 'thinking' machine systems that, through the Company's technology, will appear as realistic communicating humans in mobile devices, digital signage, classrooms and through lightweight wearable augmented reality glasses and virtual reality headsets. The Company's long-term goal is to be the 'face' of artificial intelligence, to provide a human form to interactive artificially intelligent computer beings.Pulse is headquartered in Jupiter, Florida with its principal digital studio located in San Rafael, California. Please visit www.pulse.coForward-Looking Statements Disclaimer:Certain statements contained in this news release are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward looking statements contained in this release relate to, among other things, the timing and potential success of new projects, productions, product releases, future operating results, and the Company's leadership in the digital production, VR and AR industry. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by words such as "believes," "may," "expects," "anticipates," "should" and other similar expressions. Readers should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are based upon the Company's beliefs and assumptions as of the date of this release. The Company's actual results could differ materially due to risk factors and other items described in more detail in the Company's filings, including Annual and Quarterly reports, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (copies of which may be obtained at www.sec.gov). Subsequent events and developments may cause these forward-looking statements to change significantly. The Company specifically disclaims any obligation or intention to update or revise these forward-looking statements as a result of changed events or circumstances that occur after the date of this release, except as required by applicable law.Investor/Press Contacts:For Pulse Evolution Corporation:Douglas W. Calderdouglas.calder@pulse.coOffice: 561-840-5000 or Cell: 772-418-6302SOURCE: Pulse Evolution Corporation  









Get Small Cap Emails & Alerts










































 2017 :: Texas Court of Appeals, Fifth District Decisions :: Texas Case Law :: Texas Law :: US Law :: Justia















































Log In
Sign Up





















Find a Lawyer
Ask a Lawyer 
Research the Law
Law Schools
Laws & Regs
Newsletters
Legal Marketing














Receive free daily summaries of new Supreme Court of Texas opinions.







Subscribe








Texas Court of Appeals, Fifth District Decisions 2017

Opinions 1 - 500 of 948

1
2
Next




In the Interest of J.J.R., a minor child Appeal from 330th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00220-CV
								
									


Nolan Lavon Johnson v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00422-CR
								
									


Harvey Ramirez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 397th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00649-CR
								
									


Donte Katrall Nelson v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00874-CR
								
									


Michael Aaron Taylor v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00944-CR
								
									


Michael Aaron Taylor v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00945-CR
								
									


Billy Joe McClain v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00972-CR
								
									


Billy Joe McClain v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00973-CR
								
									


Jesse Glen Sanchez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01020-CR
								
									


Jesse Glen Sanchez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01021-CR
								
									


Jesse Glen Sanchez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01022-CR
								
									


Jesse Glen Sanchez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01023-CR
								
									


Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson LLP and Richard A. Wolfe v. Millennium Chemicals Inc., Millennium America Holdings, LLC and Millennium Holdings, LLC Appeal from 116th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01132-CV
								
									


Global Tel*Link Corporation v. Securus Technologies, Inc. Appeal from 44th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01224-CV
								
									


Adrian Jermaine Gaskin, Jr. v. The State of Texas Appeal from 15th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01289-CR
								
									


Stoney Ray Adams v. The State of Texas Appeal from 86th Judicial District Court of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01348-CR
								
									


Edward Donnell Wilkerson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00100-CR
								
									


In Re: Yolanda Ruiz Rodriguez Appeal from 44th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00121-CV
								
									


Degetreion Latrell Scott v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00562-CR
								
									


Morris Miller v. Design Masterpiece Landscape, Inc. Appeal from County Court at Law of Rockwall County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00747-CV
								
									


Cleofas Alejandro Ruiz v. The State of Texas Appeal from 296th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00970-CR
								
									


Northern Frac Proppants, II, LLC, Lamstex Material Handling, LLC, Jeffries Alston, J & P Capital LLC, Patrick A. Tesson, and Badger Mining Corporation v. 2011 NF Holdings, LLC f/k/a NF Holdings, LLC and Northern Frac Proppants, LLC, Series 1 Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00319-CV
								
									


Steven Craig Debusk v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00947-CR
								
									


Pilar Francisco Gonzales v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Court at Law No. 3 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00216-CR
								
									


In the Interest of B.M.Y. and J.M.Y., children Appeal from 301st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00475-CV
								
									


Blake Smith, M.D., Baylor Scott & White Health System, Baylor Regional Medical Center at Grapevine, Texas Heart Hospital of the Southwest LLP d/b/a The Heart Hospital Baylor Plano and Richard Feingold, D.O. v. Harry Johnson and Lynn Johnson Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01261-CV
								
									


In Re: Terry C. Shelton Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00603-CV
								
									


In Re: Terry C. Shelton Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00604-CV
								
									


In Re: Terry C. Shelton Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00605-CV
								
									


In Re: Terry C. Shelton Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00606-CV
								
									


Undre Jones v. The State of Texas Appeal from 292nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01012-CR
								
									


Jacobo Rafael Reyes v. The State of Texas Appeal from 397th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00693-CR
								
									


Tantrum Street, LLC v. Kristina Kit Carson Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01096-CV
								
									


City of Dallas, Mike Rawlings, Scott Griggs, Adam Medrano, Casey Thomas II, Carolyn King Arnold, Rickey D. Callahan, Monica R. Alonzo, Tiffinni A. Young, Erik Wilson, Mark Clayton, B. Adam McGough, Lee Kleinman, Sandy Greyson, Jennifer S. Gates, et al. v. David S. Martin, James A. Braddock, Obie Cartmill, Robert Dale Martin, O.J. Adair, George G. Parker, Joe M. Gunn, Stephen W. Toth, Nathan Trammel, Todd A. Stratman, and Dallas Police and Fire Pension System Appeal from 382nd Judicial District Court of Rockwall County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01227-CV
								
									


In Re: Cokinos, Boisien & Young Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (opinion)



Date:  July 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01331-CV
								
									


Ex Parte: John Arthur Ruiz Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00806-CR
								
									


Ex Parte: John Arthur Ruiz Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00807-CR
								
									


Floyd Circle Partners, LLC v. Republic Lloyds Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00224-CV
								
									


John Jeffrey McCafferty v. Mary M. McCafferty, Alana McCafferty and Amanda McCafferty Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00587-CV
								
									


In Re: Stephen Dayne Bradford Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00843-CV
								
									


Joyce Regina McCray v. Carlton Dale McCray Appeal from 397th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01557-CV
								
									


Dawn Nettles v. GTECH Corporation Appeal from 160th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01559-CV
								
									


Steven Kent Holloway v. The State of Texas Appeal from 401st Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00069-CR
								
									


Steven Kent Holloway v. The State of Texas Appeal from 401st Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00095-CR
								
									


Tymothy Patrick Pfeiffer v. The State of Texas Appeal from 296th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00686-CR
								
									


Antonio Demond Douglas v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00726-CR
								
									


Antonio Demond Douglas v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00727-CR
								
									


Blane Ladymon, Metro Townhomes Limited Partnership, Metro Townhomes and Homes, Inc. and Ladymon & Associates, Inc. v. Jack Lewis and Alan Colvin Appeal from County Court at Law No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00776-CV
								
									


Corin Robinson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00823-CR
								
									


Corin Robinson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00824-CR
								
									


Eduardo Rayo v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00895-CR
								
									


William Krueger v. Pulse Evolution Corporation Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00922-CV
								
									


Ray Garcia Reyes v. State of Texas Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00927-CR
								
									


William Aaron Merrifield v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 7 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00975-CR
								
									


Stephen Courtney, M.D. and Plano Orthopedics Sports Medicine and Spine Center, P.A. v. Christel Pennington, individually and as an Heir and Representative of the Estate of Steven Paul Pennington, Deceased Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01124-CV
								
									


Tomas Villasenor v. The State of Texas Appeal from 422nd Judicial District Court of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01272-CR
								
									


Tomas Villasenor v. The State of Texas Appeal from 422nd Judicial District Court of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01273-CR
								
									


In the Matter of Kelli Denise Touchstone and John Christopher Reardon Appeal from 292nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00083-CV
								
									


Ex Parte: Yesenia Sesms v. The State of Texas Appeal from 292nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00143-CR
								
									


In Re: Kamauris Devontay Johnson Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00811-CV
								
									


In re: TSM Development and Kun W. Yu Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00853-CV
								
									


In Re: Chad Alan Vanderbeek Appeal from County Court at Law No. 7 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00857-CV
								
									


Eileen Frances North v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01333-CR
								
									


In the Interest of J.R.W., a child Appeal from 199th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01479-CV
								
									


City of Dallas, Mike Rawlings, Scott Griggs, Adam Medrano, Casey Thomas II, Carolyn King Arnold, Rickey D. Callahan, Monica R. Alonzo, Tiffinni A. Young, Erik Wilson, Mark Clayton, B. Adam McGough, Lee Kleinman, Sandy Greyson, Jennifer S. Gates, et al. v. David S. Martin, James A. Braddock, Obie Cartmill, Robert Dale Martin, O.J. Adair, George G. Parker, Joe M. Gunn, Stephen W. Toth, Nathan Trammel, Todd A. Stratman, and Dallas Police and Fire Pension System Appeal from 382nd Judicial District Court of Rockwall County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01227-CV
								
									


KMS Retail Rowlett, LP f/k/a KMS Retail Huntsville, LP v. The City of Rowlett, Texas Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00402-CV
								
									


Edgar Miguel Garcia v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00640-CR
								
									


Michael Derek Hanson v. The State of Texas Appeal from 219th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00062-CR
								
									


Jennifer Lea Murdock v. Yen-Shih Chen Appeal from County Court at Law No. 7 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00296-CV
								
									


Enterprise Products Partners, L.P. and Enterprise Products Operating LLC v. Energy Transfer Partners, L.P. and Energy Transfer Fuel, L.P. Appeal from 298th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (opinion)



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-14-01383-CV
								
									


Delmar Alfredo Flores v. The State of Texas Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00576-CR
								
									


Martin Fishman and Robert Brody as Trustee, Individually and Derivatively v. C.O.D. Capital Corp. d/b/a C.O.D. Friendly and Lowell Burk Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00581-CV
								
									


Patten Custom Homes, LLC v. Robert Mahlin, Anne Mahlin and Samanum Ngernerd Appeal from County Court at Law No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01017-CV
								
									


Darrell Boyd Mitchell v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01152-CR
								
									


In Re: Patrick Heaney Appeal from 416th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00787-CV
								
									


In Re: Ronald W. Riddle Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00788-CV
								
									


Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Successor Trustee to Chase Bank of Texas, N.A., for the Revocable Trust Established by Angela Leigh Simpson Starrett by Agreement dated September 8, 1999 v. Angela Leigh Militello, F/K/A Angela Leigh Simpson Starrett Appeal from 298th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01252-CV
								
									


Abdul Khan v. The Chai Road, Inc., d/b/a Waterjet Works Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00346-CV
								
									


Myo Naing Swe v. The State of Texas Appeal from 282nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00810-CR
								
									


Watts Regulator Co. v. Texas Farmers Insurance Company as Subrogee of David Bramblett Appeal from 116th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00867-CV
								
									


In the Interest of I.W. and K.W., children Appeal from 429th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00025-CV
								
									


In Re: In The Matter of The Marriage of Kindrela Keishelle Tyson Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00371-CV
								
									


In the Interest of B.T.G., a minor child Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 17, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00730-CV
								
									


John E. Deaton and Deaton Law Firm, L.L.C. v. Barry Johnson, Steven M. Johnson and Law Offices of Steven M. Johnson Appeal from County Court at Law No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01221-CV
								
									


In Re: Enserca Engineering, LLC Appeal from 429th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00812-CV
								
									


Tammi L. Donnell v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00419-CR
								
									


Cedar Hill Independent School District and Michael L. Williams, Commissioner of Education v. Terrence Mark Gore Appeal from 134th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00460-CV
								
									


In the Interest of B.T.G., a minor child Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 13, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00465-CV
								
									


Billy and Debbie Hargesheimer d/b/a Ja-Makin Tan, David Wiggins and Donna Wiggins v. Simulated Environmental Concepts, Inc. Appeal from 397th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-09-01140-CV
								
									


Jesus Antonio Ponce v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00463-CR
								
									


Jesus Antonio Ponce v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00464-CR
								
									


In the Interest of C.F.M. and B.C.M., children Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00141-CV
								
									


Sherry Henry And All Other Occupants v. Precision Homes Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00361-CV
								
									


In the Interest of E.P.A., a minor child Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00488-CV
								
									


In the Interest of A.R.M., a child Appeal from 330th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00651-CV
								
									


In Re: Ricardo Ramirez Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00705-CV
								
									


Marcus Lindsey v. The State of Texas Appeal from 204th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00265-CR
								
									


Marcus Lindsey v. The State of Texas Appeal from 204th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00266-CR
								
									


Nykerion Nealon v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00612-CR
								
									


Shephard Mapolisa v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 10 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00711-CR
								
									


Lorri Annette Lancashire v. David Antony Lancashire Appeal from 256th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00890-CV
								
									


The Samuel Y. Dorfman, Jr. Estate, through its Independent Executor, and Stacey Kivowitz v. Proactive Inventory , Inc., Alison Wood Solomon, and Marion Haggar Bryan Appeal from 134th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01286-CV
								
									


In Re: Troy Lee Perkins Appeal from 282nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00764-CV
								
									


In Re: Troy Lee Perkins Appeal from 282nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00765-CV
								
									


In Re: Troy Lee Perkins Appeal from 282nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00766-CV
								
									


In Re: Troy Lee Perkins Appeal from 282nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00767-CV
								
									


Radiant Financial, Inc. v. Faye Bagby, individually, and Bagby Investments, LP, a Limited Partnership, American Financial & Retirement Services, LLC, a Limited Liability Company Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00268-CV
								
									


The State of Texas v. George David Ringer Appeal from 203rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00939-CR
								
									


The State of Texas v. George David Ringer Appeal from 203rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00940-CR
								
									


In The Interest of M.D.L., a Child Appeal from 303rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01253-CV
								
									


In Re: Francisco Antonio Ontiveros Appeal from 204th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00677-CV
								
									


Patrick Daugherty v. Highland Capital Management, L.P., and Cornerstone Healthcare Group Holding, Inc. Appeal from 68th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00725-CV
								
									


Residences at Riverdale, L.P. and Residences at Riverdale GP. LLC. v. Dixie Carpet Installations, Inc. Appeal from 199th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01030-CV
								
									


In the Interest of A.T.R. and S.B.R. Appeal from 470th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00574-CV
								
									


Jacoby Taylor v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00764-CR
								
									


In the Interest of D.Q.C., a child Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00011-CV
								
									


In Re: Loren Todd Hayes Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00473-CV
								
									


Farah Naz v. Heaven Sent Floor Care Appeal from County Court at Law No. 6 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00639-CV
								
									


In Re: John Cannon and David Cannon Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00657-CV
								
									


Eric Drake v. Stephen Walker, et al. Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Dallas County (opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00306-CV
								
									


City of Lancaster v. White Rock Commercial, LLC Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00842-CV
								
									


Tyren Deshun Phillips v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00850-CR
								
									


Daniel Lerintiu, Inc. d/b/a Factory Direct Hardwood Liquidators and Daniel Lerintiu, Individually v. Stuart Margol Properties Appeal from 101st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01248-CV
								
									


Paul Kendall Danahy v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01384-CR
								
									


Sam Chavarria v. Dania Rodriguez Appeal from 301st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00264-CV
								
									


Fannie Harris v. Rosemont at Lakewest Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00299-CV
								
									


Camilo Leos v. Amy G. Aguirre Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00378-CV
								
									


Andrea Lane Whitney v. The State of Texas Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00418-CR
								
									


Si Nguyen and Xuan Nguyen v. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. on Behalf of Registered Holders of Bear Sterns Asset Backed Securities I LLC Asset Backed Certificates, Series, 2007-AC4 Appeal from County Court at Law No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00494-CV
								
									


Cherry Williams and Woodrow C. Williams v. Pacific Union Financial Appeal from County Court at Law No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00496-CV
								
									


Jade L. Brown and Brandy Williams v. Nell Maston Appeal from 134th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00534-CV
								
									


Fowziyyah Muhammad v. Belmar Mangagement Appeal from County Court at Law No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00568-CV
								
									


In the Interest of S.P.S., a child Appeal from 366th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00640-CV
								
									


Parkland Health and Hospital System v. Israel Benitez Appeal from 68th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00726-CV
								
									


Joann Semple and Carol Matthews v. Fred Vincent Appeal from 68th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01571-CV
								
									


Rene Hernandez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 203rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00599-CR
								
									


Jalen Demarcus Fisher v. The State of Texas Appeal from 283rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00806-CR
								
									


Jalen Demarcus Fisher v. The State of Texas Appeal from 283rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00807-CR
								
									


Jalen Demarcus Fisher v. The State of Texas Appeal from 283rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00808-CR
								
									


Jordan Deonte Arnold v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00928-CR
								
									


Jordan Deonte Arnold v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00929-CR
								
									


Cheryl Johnson a/k/a Cheryl Angrum v. Citimortgage, Inc. Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00931-CV
								
									


Saul Quintanilla, Cindy Moen, and Telepartner Global, LLC v. Gruma Corp. Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01332-CV
								
									


In Re: Graciela Quiroz, et al Appeal from 298th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  July 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00742-CV
								
									


Venkata Chukkapalli v. Swapna Mandava Appeal from 303rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01287-CV
								
									


Larry Thompson v. Lauren Nicole Thompson Appeal from 59th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00026-CV
								
									


Deon Carter Cooke v. The State of Texas Appeal from 15th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00392-CR
								
									


Mikequiece Devonta Chew v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00852-CR
								
									


Mikequiece Devonta Chew v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00853-CR
								
									


Eventual Custom Homes, LLC v. Shannon D. Lewis Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01492-CV
								
									


In the Interest of J.M.B. II, a child Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00079-CV
								
									


Linda Leftin v. Rachel Beth Berke, as Parent of A.J.B. Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00137-CV
								
									


Dhurba & Sakuntala Incorporated v. Dallas County, et al. Appeal from 160th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00305-CV
								
									


In Re: Loren Todd Hayes Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00473-CV
								
									


Wanda Rose Morgan v. The State of Texas Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00257-CR
								
									


In the Interest of A.R.R., a child Appeal from 303rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00259-CV
								
									


Natalie Louise Marical v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Court at Law No. 2 of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00988-CR
								
									


In Re: Matthew Schklair and Abigail Schklair Appeal from 305th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 29, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00610-CV
								
									


D.K.W. v. The Source for PublicData.com, LP and Shadowsoft, Inc. Appeal from 298th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00815-CV
								
									


Michelle Smith v. Betty Connor Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00873-CV
								
									


Leskel Nichols v. Allstate Insurance Company Appeal from 44th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00886-CV
								
									


Windell Stokes v. The State of Texas Appeal from 422nd Judicial District Court of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00986-CR
								
									


Carmina Charmain Strange v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01049-CR
								
									


Carmina Charmain Strange v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01050-CR
								
									


Carmina Charmain Strange v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01051-CR
								
									


In the Interest of G.B., a child Appeal from 304th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01112-CV
								
									


Clinton Eugene Gonzales v. Gregory Burbank Curry Appeal from 292nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01462-CV
								
									


Dedrick Jackson v. SOF-X Mission Eagle Pointe, L.P. Appeal from County Court at Law No. 2 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01510-CV
								
									


In the Interest of J.J.B., a minor child Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00162-CV
								
									


Thomas Kyle Boothe and Ashley Sims Boothe v. OT Laurel Texas, LP; OT 12900 Victory Company, LP; OT Chatsworth Texas, LP; and OT Texas Greenville, LP Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00314-CV
								
									


In Re: John and Lesli Hoover Appeal from 196th District Court of Hunt County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00549-CV
								
									


In Re: Destiny's Home Health Care, Deborah UGWA and Godswill N. UGWA, Jr. Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00620-CV
								
									


Mohammad Albaaj v. July Cuellar, Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company, Inc. Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00630-CV
								
									


Donavin Jocolyn Jennings v. The State of Texas Appeal from 366th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01408-CR
								
									


Win Shields Productions, Inc. and Winfred L. Shields v. Sernerick Greer Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00274-CV
								
									


Karen M. Stephens-Butler v. The Bank of New York Mellon f/k/a The Bank of New York as Trustee for the Certificateholders of the CWABS, Inc., Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2015-16, its successors and assigns Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00315-CV
								
									


Alireza Nikmanesh v. The State of Texas Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00363-CR
								
									


Lazaro Santiago Velez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 204th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00571-CR
								
									


Jennifer Chase v. Emmanuel Packing and Neena Malik Packing, and Gharbieh & Associates LLC, and Subhi Gharbieh, Individually Appeal from 95th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00620-CV
								
									


Marius Tyon Miles v. The State of Texas Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00623-CR
								
									


Jeannie Nethery v. Marty Vincent Turco and Kelly Leanne Turco Appeal from 298th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00680-CV
								
									


Courtney Davon Adkins v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00695-CR
								
									


Courtney Davon Adkins v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00696-CR
								
									


Courtney Davon Adkins v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00697-CR
								
									


Courtney Davon Adkins v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00698-CR
								
									


Courtney Davon Adkins v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00699-CR
								
									


Elvin Lynn Jones v. The State of Texas Appeal from 401st Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00731-CR
								
									


Elvin Lynn Jones v. The State of Texas Appeal from 401st Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00778-CR
								
									


Joainne Rhodes v. Jerrie Kelly Appeal from 68th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00888-CV
								
									


Jose Juan Miranda v. The State of Texas Appeal from 282nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01187-CR
								
									


Sondra Davis v. Whispering Hollow Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01435-CV
								
									


Danniell Ford v. Flight 2010, LLC Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00167-CV
								
									


Gregory C. Morse and All Other Occupants of 223 High Point Drive, Murphy, TX 75094 v. Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), a Corporation Organized and Existing Under the Laws of the United State of America Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00186-CV
								
									


Brandon Cornell Perry v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00475-CR
								
									


Quinton Travoitz Young v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00570-CR
								
									


Diana Viazcon and Richard Hernandez doing business as Dallas City Tours v. Samantha Howlett and Big D Fun Tours, LLC Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00412-CV
								
									


Cynthia King & All Occupants v. Forty 200 Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00438-CV
								
									


Skyler Rountree v. Jennifer Cavazos Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00512-CV
								
									


Juan Gutierrez v. Mario Gonzalez Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00631-CV
								
									


Manuel Torres Ibarra v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 6 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00729-CR
								
									


Mohammad Dabirul Islam v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00881-CR
								
									


Larry James Budow v. The State of Texas Appeal from 401st Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00885-CR
								
									


Miguel Angel Berumen v. The State of Texas Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00969-CR
								
									


Sonnie Taylor v. Jerome Wreh Appeal from 303rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00998-CV
								
									


Lonnell Rashard McDonald v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01204-CR
								
									


Sung Sik Choi, Ki Pong Na, Chong Sook Na, Youngs Food Co., Sehana Corporation and Wildwood Natural Corp. v. A & A Express, Inc. and Juggernaut Transportation, Inc. Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01386-CV
								
									


Erick Gabriel v. Monica Blair Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01467-CV
								
									


Cary Ray v. The Housing Authority of The City of Dallas, Texas- Hidden Ridge Apts. Appeal from County Court at Law No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00049-CV
								
									


Faisel Saleh v. Dorvin D. Leis Company of Texas, LLC, H. Grady Chandler, and Gregory D. Harper Appeal from 68th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00139-CV
								
									


In the Interest of L.G.T., a minor child Appeal from 429th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00140-CV
								
									


Michael Watson v. Deanyell Bradley Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00149-CV
								
									


Javier Martinez v. Allied Pro Drywall, LLC D/B/A Crossroads Drywall and Massoudi Mohammad Appeal from 160th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00273-CV
								
									


Shereef Kamel v. Amy McGough Appeal from 470th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00312-CV
								
									


Guillermo de Jes Berrios-Hernandez v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 7 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01439-CR
								
									


Chazmon Montrel Blackshear v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00811-CR
								
									


Diego Garcia v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00920-CR
								
									


Marjorie Washington v. The Village on West Irving Appeal from County Court at Law No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01118-CV
								
									


Stephen Michael Simpson v. The State of Texas for the Protection of Kelly Ladwig Appeal from County Court at Law No. 2 of Hunt County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01484-CV
								
									


Joe Anderson v. Bayview Loan Servicing, LLC Appeal from County Court at Law No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00020-CV
								
									


Patricia Kile v. Wal-Mart Stores Texas, Inc. d/b/a Wal-Mart Stores #2667, and Wal-Mart Stores East, Inc. Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00044-CV
								
									


Jackie Lewis & And All Other Occupants v. Tiffany Reese Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00092-CV
								
									


Barry Dyson v. Melvin Logan Appeal from County Court at Law No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00129-CV
								
									


In the Interest of S.G.W. and A.F.W., children Appeal from 382nd Judicial District Court of Rockwall County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00232-CV
								
									


Deanna Scott v. Lajun Wesley Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00275-CV
								
									


In Re: Matthew Schklair and Abigail Schklair Appeal from 305th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00610-CV
								
									


In Re: Mohamed Ahmed Appeal from 101st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00702-CV
								
									


Bombardier Aerospace Corporation v. SPEP Aircraft Holdings, LLC; PE 300 Leasing, LLC; Saracen Pure Energy Partners, LP; Crane Capital Group, Inc; James R. Crane; Floridian Golf Resort, LLC; Champion Energy Marketing, LLC; Crane Worldwide Logistics, LLC Appeal from 44th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00086-CV
								
									


Ryan Reagor Redd v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00851-CR
								
									


Lawrence Vincent Pandolfi v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5     of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00951-CR
								
									


Frisco Square Developers, LLC v. KPitch Enterprises, LLC Appeal from 417th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00992-CV
								
									


Robert Ross v. Federal Insurance Company Appeal from 68th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01252-CV
								
									


In the Interest of E.G.D. and E.A.D., children Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00054-CV
								
									


Maria Arellano v. Fiesta Mart, LLC Appeal from County Court at Law No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00173-CV
								
									


Innocent Ntakirutimana v. Chantal Matayabo Appeal from 301st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00183-CV
								
									


Alby Robert Badon v. Post Woods, LLC Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00237-CV
								
									


Samuel G. Breitling, Joann Breitling, and all occupants of 1704 Cornwall Lane, Sachse, Texas 75048 v. LNV Corporation Appeal from County Court at Law No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00291-CV
								
									


LaChandra Lewis v. La Finca Apartments Appeal from County Court at Law No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00328-CV
								
									


Tekeste Alimaw v. Anastasio Campos Appeal from 44th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00374-CV
								
									


In the Interest of S.S. and T.S., children Appeal from 199th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00403-CV
								
									


Senrick Wilkerson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00624-CR
								
									


Senrick Wilkerson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00625-CR
								
									


Senrick Wilkerson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00626-CR
								
									


Senrick Wilkerson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00627-CR
								
									


Senrick Wilkerson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00628-CR
								
									


Senrick Wilkerson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00629-CR
								
									


NylondaJazz Sharnese v. Ultima Real Estate, Inc., a Texas company, Jose Lopez, a individual, Iiiana Silva, a individual, Rebecca Rodriguez, a individual, and DOES 1-20, inclusive Appeal from County Court at Law No. 3 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-00780-CV
								
									


Rakeem Perkins v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01300-CR
								
									


Joseph Albert Robic v. The State of Texas Appeal from 282nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00337-CR
								
									


Melvin Watkins v. Rolling Frito-Lay Sales, LP, Frito Lay, Inc. and Pepsico, Inc. Appeal from 416th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00367-CV
								
									


Amber Nicole Vickery v. The State of Texas Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00702-CR
								
									


Cione Defelious Jones v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01107-CR
								
									


Cione Defelious Jones v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01108-CR
								
									


In Re: The Homeowners' Association of Princeton Meadows, Inc. Appeal from County Court at Law No. 6 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01241-CV
								
									


In Re: Marvin J. Smith v. The State of Texas Appeal from 204th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00365-CV
								
									


In Re: Christopher L. Bailey Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 7 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00389-CV
								
									


Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Successor Trustee to Chase Bank of Texas, N.A., for the Revocable Trust Established by Angela Leigh Simpson Starrett by Agreement dated September 8, 1999 v. Angela Leigh Militello, F/K/A Angela Leigh Simpson Starrett Appeal from 298th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01252-CV
								
									


Christopher Michael Allen v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 11 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00594-CR
								
									


Michael R. Redlich v. Brenda Mize Appeal from County Court at Law No. 1 of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00687-CV
								
									


Michael Leon Willingham v. The State of Texas Appeal from 292nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01381-CR
								
									


Marjorie Washington v. American Patriot LLC Appeal from County Court at Law No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01469-CV
								
									


George Lee Woods v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00396-CR
								
									


Danny Ray Daniel v. Cynthia Denise Daniel a/k/a Cindy Lewis Daniel Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00469-CV
								
									


Analytical Technology Consultants, Inc. and Hector Bass v. Axis Capital, Inc. Appeal from 95th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00281-CV
								
									


Nishal Keshav Rajsakha v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00489-CR
								
									


Nathaniel Alexander Caldwell v. The State of Texas Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00832-CR
								
									


Julio Cesar Leos-Jimenez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 282nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01440-CR
								
									


In the Interest of R.A.E. and M.A.E., children Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00210-CV
								
									


Eddrick Thomas v. Seomara Torres Appeal from 256th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00414-CV
								
									


In Re PS Royal Services Group LP, GP Royal, LLC, Stephen F. Perkins, and S. Perkins Investment Properties, Inc. Appeal from 219th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00679-CV
								
									


Jose De la Cruz v. Alan Kailer and Hunton & Willimas LLP Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00239-CV
								
									


Lynne Duggan v. Tanglewood Villa Owners Association, Inc.; Tom Maddock, President; Hank Dewitt, Treasurer; Donna Northam, Secretary; Kirk Griffith, Maintenance Appeal from County Court at Law No. 1 of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00300-CV
								
									


In the Interest of G.L.H., a Child Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00110-CV
								
									


In the Interest of H.C. Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00111-CV
								
									


In the Interest of A.H. and E.H., Children Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00112-CV
								
									


In the Interest of H.C. Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00113-CV
								
									


Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission v. New Millennium Restaurant Group Inc. d/b/a Sports City Cafe Appeal from 68th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00117-CV
								
									


Shamim Chowdhury v. Tata Consultancy Services Limited Appeal from 116th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00351-CV
								
									


In Re: Donny Joe Curry Appeal from 196th Judicial District Court of Hunt County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00540-CV
								
									


In Re: Donny Joe Curry Appeal from 354th Judicial District Court of Hunt County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00542-CV
								
									


In Re: Roderick L. Reese Appeal from Dummy Number                 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00607-CV
								
									


In Re: Dallas Food & Beverage, LLC D/B/A Bucks Cabaret Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00643-CV
								
									


CLB Partners, LTD., CLB Holdings, LLC, CLB Hawthorne Residences, LP, CLB Hawthorne Residences GP, LLC, and Paseo de Mission Hills, LLC v. Winstead, P.C., Mike C. McWilliams, and John Nolan Appeal from 134th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00042-CV
								
									


Ricky Ramon Hughes v. The State of Texas Appeal from 59th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01168-CR
								
									


Verdell Marsh v. United Services Automobile Association Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00338-CV
								
									


In Re: Roderick L. Reese Appeal from Dummy Number                 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00611-CV
								
									


In Re: Myra Kirkwood Appeal from 193rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00656-CV
								
									


Johnnie Ray Greenwood v. The State of Texas Appeal from 292nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00644-CR
								
									


Shancey Tymane Franklin v. The State of Texas Appeal from 15th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00728-CR
								
									


In Re: HMK Ltd., Khraish H. Khraish and Hannah E. Khraish Appeal from 95th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 14, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00609-CV
								
									


Brent Allen Hambrick, M.D., EmCare Holdings, Inc., EmCare, Inc. and Texas EM-I Medical Services, P.A. v. Leticia Dominguez, Individually and as Personal Representative of the Estate of Javier Dominguez, Jennifer Dominguez, Luis Ademir Dominguez, Javier Dominguez, Jr., and Esmeralda Dominguez, Individually Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00003-CV
								
									


HKW GP, LLC, Nicholas R. DiGiuseppe, Roque Saco-Vertiz, John Zouzelka, Great Blue Heron Properties, L.P., Czechmate, Ltd, Kingswood Hills, L.P., HKW Land Holdings, L.P., and Hills of King Wood, L.P. v. Kim L. Eubanks, Individually and Derivatively on Behalf of Nominal Defendant II Kingswood Hills, L.P. Appeal from 160th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00195-CV
								
									


In the Interest of C.M.F. and E.A.F., children Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00284-CV
								
									


John Cannon, et al. v. Dallas County, et al. Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00303-CV
								
									


Charles W. Buster, Jr. v. Ditech Financial LLC f/k/a Green Tree Servicing LLC, Authorized Servicer for BankAmerica Housing Services, Bank of America, FSB Appeal from 86th Judicial District Court of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00363-CV
								
									


In the Interest of B.H.W., L.A.W., and R.L.W., children Appeal from 219th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-00841-CV
								
									


Spencer Ashby Sale v. The State of Texas Appeal from 204th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00360-CR
								
									


Autosource Dallas, LLC, Robert Aicklen, Trung M. Tang a/k/a John Tang and Chris Villanueva v. Addison Aeronautics, LLC Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00838-CV
								
									


In the Interest of B.A.R. and J.A.R., minor children Appeal from 382nd Judicial District Court of Rockwall County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00843-CV
								
									


Omar Fortanel-Leon v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01407-CR
								
									


Jeffory Blackard v. Kent A. Schaffer, in his official capacity, Brian W. Wice, in his official capacity, Nichole Deborde, in her official capacity, Collin County Judge Keith Self, in his official capacity, Commissioner Susan Fletcher, in her official capacity, et al. Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00094-CV
								
									


In the Interest of J.R.M., a child Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00471-CV
								
									


In the Interest of D.M., a child Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00472-CV
								
									


Kelly Dean Hollingsworth and K. Hollingsworth & Assoc., P.C. v. Walaal Corporation d/b/a Ambassador Cab, Farhan Riyale, Bashir Salah, E.P.D.A., Inc. d/b/a Alamo Cab, Tesfai H. Sbahtu, D.E.C.D.A., Inc. d/b/a Starcab, Girma Wolde-Rufael, Bekele Kidane Appeal from 134th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00555-CV
								
									


Robert Erwin Jackson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00706-CR
								
									


RX Express Pharmacy, Inc., d/b/a PX Express Pharmacy v. Dallas County, City of Irving, Irving Independent School District, Dalals County Community College District, Dallas County School Equalization Fund and Parkland Hospital District Appeal from 298th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01000-CV
								
									


Adrean Nicole Buckaloo v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00410-CR
								
									


In Re: In The Matter of The Marriage of Wanda Lee Dahlheimer and Lester John Dahlheimer, Jr. Appeal from 469th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00556-CV
								
									


In Re: Sidney Johnson Bigham Appeal from 296th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00558-CV
								
									


In the Interest of A.N.Z., a child Appeal from 256th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01443-CV
								
									


Steven B. Aubrey, Beneficiary of the Aubrey Family Trust created under the Will of Richard Buck Aubrey, Deceased v. Betsy S. Aubrey, Trustee of the Aubrey Family Trust created under the Will of Richard Buck Aubrey, Deceased Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (opinion)



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00506-CV
								
									


Kathy Wilburn and Korwin Wilburn v. Susan Dacus Appeal from 416th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00522-CV
								
									


Deborah Huber v. Zara Black Agnew Appeal from 44th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00963-CV
								
									


In Re: Charles Ray Mason Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 7, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01450-CV
								
									


Tonica Monette Williams v. The State of Texas Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00860-CR
								
									


The State of Texas v. Juan Jose Rivasmeza, Jr. Appeal from 203rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01192-CR
								
									


State of Texas v. Juan Jose Rivasmeza, Jr. Appeal from 203rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01193-CR
								
									


The State of Texas v. Juan Jose Rivasmeza, Jr. Appeal from 203rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01194-CR
								
									


The State of Texas v. Juan Jose Rivasmeza, Jr. Appeal from 203rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01195-CR
								
									


In Re: Thomas Bonner Appeal from 292nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 6, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00550-CV
								
									


Diana Fay Bass v. Richard H. Bass Appeal from 401st Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00344-CV
								
									


First Bank Texas, ssb, formerly known as First National Bank of Baird v. W.D. Welch, P.C., W.D. Welch, Red River Title Co., and Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company Appeal from 59th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00403-CV
								
									


In Re: Darla Jalane Eddins Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01451-CV
								
									


Larry Lee Hodges III v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00647-CR
								
									


In the Matter of Erika Antoinette Kennedy and Marcus Dewon Sallis Appeal from 292nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  June 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00724-CV
								
									


My Three Sons, LTD., My Three Sons Management, LLC, Prestonwood OB/GYN Associates, P.A., Christopher Riegel, M.D., P.A., and Christopher Riegel v. Midway/Parker Medical Center, L.P., Kinsman Ventures, LLC, Manhattan Construction Company, TD Industries, Inc., Southstar Fire Protection Company, CMA Management Company, and Midway Medical Center Owners Association, Inc. Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01068-CV
								
									


David Fife v. The State of Texas Appeal from 219th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00094-CR
								
									


In the Interest of A.T., N.T., and B.T., children Appeal from 470th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00539-CV
								
									


Julian Pesina Gutierrez III v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 6 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00755-CR
								
									


Daniel Alberto Montoya v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00756-CR
								
									


Daniel Alberto Montoya v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00757-CR
								
									


In the Interest of C.R.G., a child Appeal from 256th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00297-CV
								
									


Shaun Glen Knudtson v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00413-CR
								
									


Senrick Wilkerson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00438-CR
								
									


Senrick Wilkerson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00439-CR
								
									


In Re: Gary Isaac Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 31, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00536-CV
								
									


Janos Farkas v. Aurora Loan Services, LLC, Aurora Bank FSB. Federal National Bank Association, Jinni Gonzalez Appeal from 134th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01225-CV
								
									


Maria Mendoza v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00100-CR
								
									


Derek A. Nelson v. The State of Texas Appeal from 416th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00494-CR
								
									


Stephen Craig Meshell v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 7 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00538-CR
								
									


Darron Antoine Dewayne Taylor v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00971-CR
								
									


In Re: Warren Kenneth Paxton, Jr. Appeal from 416th Judicial District Court of Collin County (opinion)



Date:  May 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00507-CV
								
									


In Re: Warren Kenneth Paxton, Jr. Appeal from 416th Judicial District Court of Collin County (opinion)



Date:  May 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00508-CV
								
									


In Re: Warren Kenneth Paxton, Jr. Appeal from 416th Judicial District Court of Collin County (opinion)



Date:  May 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00509-CV
								
									


In the Interest of B.T.G., a minor child Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 30, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00521-CV
								
									


Timothy Gregg v. The State of Texas Appeal from 366th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00557-CR
								
									


Pedro Figueroa v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-00387-CR
								
									


Pedro Figueroa v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-00999-CR
								
									


Steve Wayne Frazier v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00235-CR
								
									


Steve Wayne Frazier v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00236-CR
								
									


Fernando Sanchez-Lopez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 292nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00513-CR
								
									


Steve Wayne Frazier v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01166-CR
								
									


Paul David Schnackenberg v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01237-CR
								
									


Paul David Schnackenberg v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01238-CR
								
									


Paul David Schnackenberg v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01239-CR
								
									


Paul David Schnackenberg v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01240-CR
								
									


John Doe I, John Doe II, Jane Doe I, Jane Doe II, Jane Doe III, Jane Doe IV, Jane Doe V, Jane Doe VI, and Jane Doe VII v. Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. and/or d/b/a or a/k/a, Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania, Inc., Kingdom Hall Jehovah's Witnesses of Plano, Texas, Kingdom Hall Jehovah's Witnesses of Greenville, Texas, et al. Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00362-CV
								
									


John Doe I, John Doe II, Jane Doe I, Jane Doe II, Jane Doe III, Jane Doe IV, Jane Doe V, Jane Doe VI, and Jane Doe VII v. Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of New York, Inc. and/or d/b/a or a/k/a, Watchtower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania, Inc., Kingdom Hall Jehovah's Witnesses of Plano, Texas, Kingdom Hall Jehovah's Witnesses of Greenville, Texas, et al. Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00362-CV
								
									


In Re: Billy Leon Baker Appeal from 86th Judicial District Court of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00408-CV
								
									


Hector Reyes v. Maria D. Reyes Appeal from 256th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00483-CV
								
									


Royal Douglas Robinson v. The State of Texas Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00449-CR
								
									


Stephen Selinger and Lubbock Continuation, LLC, f/k/a Lubbock Tower, LLC v. Carlton Hughes Appeal from 296th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00337-CV
								
									


Senrick Wilkerson v. Lori Ordiway, et al. Appeal from 95th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00342-CV
								
									


Johnathon Rivers v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00510-CR
								
									


Johnathon Rivers v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00511-CR
								
									


Douglas B. Clark III, et al. v. Deborah Newman, et al. Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01393-CV
								
									


Lawrence Richard Parker, Jr. v. The State of Texas Appeal from 199th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00260-CR
								
									


Dennis Levece Mayes v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00490-CR
								
									


Timothy Green v. The State of Texas Appeal from 363rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00765-CR
								
									


Jarrett Ransom Hughes v. The State of Texas Appeal from 382nd Judicial District Court of Rockwall County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00782-CR
								
									


In Re: Adam Walker d/b/a Reklaw Design Appeal from 95th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 23, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00404-CV
								
									


Steven Joseph Eisele v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Court at Law No. 3 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00641-CR
								
									


Hurshal Sims, Jr. v. The State of Texas Appeal from 86th Judicial District Court of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00669-CR
								
									


In the Interest of C.E.C., a minor child Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01392-CV
								
									


In Re: Billy Paul Bolt Appeal from 416th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 22, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00495-CV
								
									


Larry Donell Smallwood v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00645-CR
								
									


In Re: Venky Venkatraman Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00489-CV
								
									


Bryan Zavala v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00227-CR
								
									


Charles Lee Walker v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00600-CR
								
									


Celanese Corporation v. Preston McGlory Appeal from 193rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00048-CV
								
									


Kris Tiara Block v. The State of Texas Appeal from 439th Judicial District Court of Rockwall County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00564-CR
								
									


Walter Carter, Jr. v. City of Garland Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00903-CV
								
									


Sheila Elliott v. S&S Emergency Training Solutions, Inc. d/b/a Emergency Medical Training Services Appeal from 296th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01373-CV
								
									


Shenandoah Resources, LLC v. E-Spectrum Advisors LLC Appeal from 95th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00147-CV
								
									


In Re: Darryl Tolor Appeal from County Court at Law No. 2 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 16, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00213-CV
								
									


In Re: John Cannon Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00452-CV
								
									


In Re Julia Garza Appeal from 469th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 15, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00481-CV
								
									


Johnson Kidz, Inc. v. Veritex Community Bank, N.A. Appeal from 134th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00110-CV
								
									


Darrius Demans Mosley v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00567-CR
								
									


Darrius Demans Mosley v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00568-CR
								
									


In Re: John M. Gillis Appeal from 256th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 12, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00446-CV
								
									


Trent Lee v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00588-CR
								
									


Ex Parte: Michael Charles McDermott v. The State of Texas Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01357-CR
								
									


In Re: Diane Collins Appeal from 417th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 11, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00399-CV
								
									


In the Interest of B.N.L-B., a child Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (opinion)



Date:  May 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00025-CV
								
									


Susan Ashton v. Koonsfuller, P.C. Appeal from 95th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00130-CV
								
									


Employee Solutions McKinney, LLC, ESI/Employee Solutions, L.P., and ESI General, LLC v. Michael Wilkerson Appeal from 134th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00283-CV
								
									


Sovereign J.B. Gaines, Vice President One Love Unity Among Brother & Sister v. Honorable Judge Juan Jasso, Precinct 5 PL. 2 Dallas, TX Appeal from 193rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00578-CV
								
									


Dennis Garner v. The State of Texas Appeal from 204th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (opinion)



Date:  May 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00707-CR
								
									


Protegga, LLC v. RMB Brandywine Place, LTD Appeal from County Court at Law No. 7 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00957-CV
								
									


In Re: Tracy Nixon Appeal from 301st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 10, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00433-CV
								
									


Agnes Phillips v. Nationstar Mortgage, LLC and Federal National Mortgage Association A/K/A Fannie Mae Appeal from 95th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01332-CV
								
									


Felix Echendu v. Gustavo Huerta and Huerta's Body Shop Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01351-CV
								
									


Keith Andrew Thornton v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00565-CR
								
									


Eddie Raye Jackson v. The State of Texas Appeal from 292nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00566-CR
								
									


Kevin Wayne Burns Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 10 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01175-CR
								
									


In Re: Loren Todd Hayes Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 9, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00473-CV
								
									


Derrick J. Hahn and Hahn Law Firm, P.C. v. Southwest Double D Ranch, LP Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 8, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00111-CV
								
									


Julius Erick Knight v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 1 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00249-CR
								
									


Opie Dale Toland v. The State of Texas Appeal from 86th Judicial District Court of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01471-CR
								
									


Opie Dale Toland v. The State of Texas Appeal from 86th Judicial District Court of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 5, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01473-CR
								
									


Elia Bruns v. Dallas Independent School District Appeal from 193rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00090-CV
								
									


Oklahoma Specialty Insurance Company and Strata Claims Managment, LLC v. St. Martin De Porres, Inc., d/b/a Wellington Place Apts. Appeal from 116th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 4, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00194-CV
								
									


Dwight Bell, Deborah Bell, and Bob Bell v. Karen Lynn Harris Appeal from 296th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01117-CV
								
									


Sulma Gonzales v. The Dallas County Appraisal District and the Appraisal Review Board of Dallas County Appraisal District and Lyons Equities, Inc. Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00215-CV
								
									


Maria Luisa Gutierrez v. Candace Renee Hadsell Appeal from County Court at Law No. 5 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00354-CV
								
									

Maya Walnut, LLC d/b/a El Rio Grande Latin Market Store 5 v. Elfego Lopez-Rodriguez Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00750-CV
								
									


Maya Walnut, LLC d/b/a El Rio Grande Latin Market Store 5 v. Elfego Lopez-Rodriguez Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00750-CV
								
									


Abundio Rivera Vazquez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 397th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01122-CR
								
									


Clyde Randall Stanbery v. The State of Texas Appeal from 397th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00105-CR
								
									


Clyde Randall Stanbery v. The State of Texas Appeal from 397th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00106-CR
								
									


Clyde Randall Stanbery v. The State of Texas Appeal from 397th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00107-CR
								
									


John Stovall and Sherry Stovall v. Carriage House Estates Property Owners Association Appeal from 15th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 3, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00134-CV
								
									


Romulus Group, Inc. v. City of Dallas Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00088-CV
								
									


Jose Luis Munoz v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00153-CR
								
									


Lee Weir, Mike Weir, and Al Weir v. Sterling State Bank Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00500-CV
								
									


Francisco Ariel Vasquez v. The State of Texas Appeal from 291st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00675-CR
								
									


Ricky Wayne Handy v. The State of Texas Appeal from 283rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00758-CR
								
									


Ricky Wayne Handy v. The State of Texas Appeal from 283rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00759-CR
								
									


In The Interest Of A.C., J.Y., J.Y. JR., L.B., and E.B., Children Appeal from 304th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01531-CV
								
									


In the Interest of E.A., a child Appeal from 470th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00058-CV
								
									


Guardianship of Rosemary Ell and for an Alleged Incapacitated Person Appeal from Probate Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00156-CV
								
									


Dameon Darae Wilson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 6 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00357-CR
								
									


Dameon Darae Wilson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 6 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00358-CR
								
									


In Re: Terrence Mark Gore Appeal from 302nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 2, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00444-CV
								
									


American Alternative Insurance Corporation v. Cowboy Cab Company, Inc. d/b/a Cowboy Cab Appeal from 134th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  May 1, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01475-CV
								
									


Greenwood Motor Lines, Inc. d/b/a R+L Carriers and Steven C. Gaston v. Bobbie Bush Appeal from 298th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-14-01148-CV
								
									


Robert Tyrone Jones v. The State of Texas Appeal from 196th Judicial District Court of Hunt County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00201-CR
								
									


Robert Tyrone Jones v. The State of Texas Appeal from 196th Judicial District Court of Hunt County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00202-CR
								
									


Robert Tyrone Jones v. The State of Texas Appeal from 196th Judicial District Court of Hunt County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00203-CR
								
									


Robert Tyrone Jones v. The State of Texas Appeal from 196th Judicial District Court of Hunt County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00204-CR
								
									


Shaneka Busby Baker v. Forrest Reggie Carr Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00341-CV
								
									


Steven Hoyt, Individually, and as Next of Friend of Minor Children, T.H. and J.H., and as sole administrator of the Estate of Kristine Hoyt v. David D. Kim, M.D. and Juan Luis Zamora, M.D. Appeal from County Court at Law No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00404-CV
								
									


Angela Carol Spivey-Washington v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 8 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00476-CR
								
									


Timothy Brooks v. Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00550-CV
								
									


Larry Budow v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 9 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00572-CR
								
									


Justin Werner,  Reagan Werner, and Jason Hanselman v. Liquid Capital Exchange, Inc. Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 28, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01529-CV
								
									


Sunny Letot v. United Services Automobile Association Appeal from 192nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-14-01394-CV
								
									


Dish Network Corporation and Blockbuster, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Dish Network Corporation v. Collin Central Appraisal District Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-00800-CV
								
									


Larry G. McClendon v. Bobby Springfield Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01352-CV
								
									


Selene Martinez v. ABC Supply Co. Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00157-CV
								
									


Enrique Gonzalo Euan v. The State of Texas Appeal from 203rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00252-CR
								
									


Gail Friend and Gail Friend, P.C. v. Acadia Holding Corporation, Acadia Life Limited, Carey Sunderlage, and Linda Sunderlage Appeal from 162nd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00286-CV
								
									


Kelvin Duane Rivers v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00847-CR
								
									


Kelvin Duane Rivers v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00849-CR
								
									


Kirkstall Road Enterprises, Inc. v. Arking Jones Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00859-CV
								
									


In The Interest of K.A.H., a child Appeal from 15th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01067-CV
								
									


In the Interest of J.M.B. and T.A.D.B., children Appeal from 15th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01311-CV
								
									


Jeffrey Dano v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00219-CR
								
									


In Re: Sandra Crenshaw Appeal from Dummy Number                 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 27, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00407-CV
								
									


Martin, William v. PlainsCapital Bank Appeal from 429th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-10-00235-CV
								
									


In The Interest of J.M.M., a child Appeal from 296th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01198-CV
								
									


Stacey D. Howard v. Jack V. Lowery, et al. Appeal from 401st Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01380-CV
								
									


In the Interest of T.J.S., a child Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01456-CV
								
									


Gwendolyn Coy Stegal v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00098-CR
								
									


Montrance Tyrone Roberson v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00298-CR
								
									


Benito Pena Jr. v. The State of Texas Appeal from 416th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00331-CR
								
									


Vanessa Denise Thomas v. The State of Texas Appeal from 195th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00465-CR
								
									


U.S. Energy Management, Inc. and Bradley R. Hitchcock v. JRB International, L.P., and Robert Brewer Appeal from 416th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00505-CV
								
									


Larry Earl Lee v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00709-CR
								
									


Mark Mills v. David Carlock, Attorney at Law; Blaise Gormley, Attorney at Law; Jackie Milander, Attorney at Law; and d/b/a Carlock-Gormley-Hight Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01027-CV
								
									


Tracey Handsome and Debra Handsome v. U.S. Bank Trust, N.A., as Trustee for LSF8 Master Participation Trust Appeal from County Court at Law No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00069-CV
								
									


In the Interest of K.V., a child Appeal from 330th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00251-CV
								
									


In Re: Howard Holland Appeal from 422nd Judicial District Court of Kaufman County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 26, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00375-CV
								
									


Winston Riden v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 3 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00096-CR
								
									


Justin Lee Garcia v. The State of Texas Appeal from County Criminal Court No. 2 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01257-CR
								
									


In the Interest of D.O.P. and S.J.P., minor children Appeal from 366th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00290-CV
								
									


In Re: NCH Corporation, Inc. Appeal from 193rd Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 25, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00360-CV
								
									


Nicholas John Mateik v. The State of Texas Appeal from 265th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00434-CR
								
									


Helen Costillo Valles v. Ruben R. Valles Appeal from 254th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 24, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01474-CV
								
									


CBIF Limited Partnership, Columbia Airport, LLC, and Steve Flory v. TGI Friday's Inc., LBD Corporation, TGIF/DFW Partner, LLC, TGIF/DFW Manager, LLC, TGIF/DFW Terminal A Restaurant, Domain Enterprises, Inc., TGIF/DFW Restaurant Joint Venture, Louis Sturns, Norma Roby, Erma Johnson Hadley, RSH Concessions, LLC, et al. Appeal from 68th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-00157-CV
								
									


Lynne Duggan v. Tanglewood Villa Owners Association, Inc. Appeal from 397th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01099-CV
								
									


In Re: 1776 Energy Partners, LLC Appeal from 116th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 21, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00393-CV
								
									


Christie Zimmerman Shearer v. The State of Texas Appeal from 397th Judicial District Court of Grayson County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00317-CR
								
									


Randy E. Smith v. The City of Garland, Texas, Michael Arriaga, Michael Baker, Dustin Barker, Randy M. Barker, Eric Brooks, Thomas Buchanan, Ronald Butler, Kristopher Chitty, William Crews, Brandon Day, Robert Estes, James Fennell, Robert Fultz, Dustin Gillette, et al. Appeal from 14th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (opinion)



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00474-CV
								
									


Ex Parte: Michael Charles McDermott v. The State of Texas Appeal from 380th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01357-CR
								
									


Pedro German Diaz v. The State of Texas Appeal from 204th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-01458-CR
								
									


In the Interest of J.S. and J.S., minor children Appeal from 330th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00341-CV
								
									


Lisa Ann Arenas v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00353-CR
								
									


Lisa Ann Arenas v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00354-CR
								
									


Lisa Ann Arenas v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 4 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00355-CR
								
									


In Re: Ken Albrecht Appeal from 219th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 20, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-17-00386-CV
								
									


Randolph Glenn v. The State of Texas Appeal from 194th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-15-01570-CR
								
									


Karease Latoya Peterson v. The State of Texas Appeal from Criminal District Court No. 6 of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00170-CR
								
									


In the Interest of T.W.G., adult disabled child and E.A.G., minor child Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (dissenting opinion)



Date:  April 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00213-CV
								
									


In the Interest of T.W.G., adult disabled child and E.A.G., minor child Appeal from 255th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00213-CV
								
									


Eric Will and Michele Will, on behalf of S.N.W., minor child v. Cathy Bambenek Appeal from 366th Judicial District Court of Collin County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00222-CV
								
									


The Estate of Donna Catherine MacDonald; Diana MacDonald, Individually; Compass Bank, as Trustee of the Ruth Jones MacDonald Material Deduction Trust Under the Will of R.D. MacDonald, Jr. Compass Bank, as Trustee of the Diana Moore Residuary Trust, et al. v. Reeder Road SAF-T-LOC, LLC Appeal from 134th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 19, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00960-CV
								
									


Radiant Financial, Inc. v. Faye Bagby, individually, and Bagby Investments, LP, a Limited Partnership, American Financial & Retirement Services, LLC, a Limited Liability Company Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00268-CV
								
									


Radiant Financial, Inc. v. Faye Bagby, individually, and Bagby Investments, LP, a Limited Partnership, American Financial & Retirement Services, LLC, a Limited Liability Company Appeal from 191st Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00268-CV
								
									


D Magazine Partners, L.P. d/b/a D Magazine and Dallas Symphony Association, Inc. a/k/a Dallas Symphony Orchestra v. Jose Reyes Appeal from 116th Judicial District Court of Dallas County (memorandum opinion)



Date:  April 18, 2017
Docket Number:  
						05-16-00294-CV
								
									


1
2
Next




		The opinions published on Justia State Caselaw are sourced from individual state court sites.
		These court opinions may not be the official published versions, and you should check your local court rules before citing to them. 
		We make no warranties or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the information contained on this site, 
		or the information linked to on the state site.
	
 








Ask a Lawyer





Question:



Add details
120



Additional Details: 




                        1000
                    



                Ask Question
            




Find a Lawyer












Lawyers - Get Listed Now!
Get a free directory profile listing



 



                 
                                        Subscribe to Justia's Free Newsletters featuring summaries of federal and state court opinions. 
                 
            

                Subscribe Now
            


 





            Justia Legal Resources
        



Find a Lawyer





Bankruptcy Lawyers
Business Lawyers
Criminal Lawyers
Employment Lawyers
Estate Planning Lawyers
Family Lawyers
Personal Injury Lawyers
More... 




Individuals





Bankruptcy
Criminal
Divorce
DUI
Estate Planning
Family Law
Personal Injury
More...




Business





Business Formation
Business Operations
Employment
Intellectual Property
International Trade
Real Estate
Tax Law
More... 




Law Students





Law Schools
Admissions
Financial Aid
Course Outlines
Law Journals
Blogs
Employment
More...




US Federal Law





US Constitution
US Code
Regulations
Supreme Court
Circuit Courts
District Courts
Dockets & Filings
More...




US State Law





State Constitutions
State Codes
State Case Law
California
Florida
New York
Texas
More... 




Other Databases





Legal Blogs
Legal Forms
GAO Reports
Product Recalls
Patents
Trademarks
Countries
More...




Legal Marketing





Websites
Blogs
Content
Social Media
Local Marketing
Paid Ads (CPC/PPC)
Lawyer Directory
More...












 
                    © 2017 Justia



Company
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Help
Marketing Solutions








Pulse Evolution Corp.: Pulse Evolution Announces Shareholder Webcast Call to Discuss Financial Highlights and Updates on Key InitiativesAnzeige❌Mehr »
Dienstag, 01.08.2017 Börsentäglich
		über 12.000 News von 559 internationalen
        MedienIndizesKurs%News24 h / 7 TAufrufe7 TageAktienKurs%News24 h / 7 TAufrufe7 TageXetra-OrderbuchDevisenKurs%RohstoffeKurs%Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige)ErweiterteSucheAd hoc-MitteilungenStartseiteNachrichtenAktienkurseFondsAnleihenDerivateRohstoffeDevisenWatchlistAufklappenSchliessenNachrichten»Pulse Evolution Corp.: Pulse Evolution Announces Shareholder Webcast Call to Discuss Financial Highlights and Updates on Key Initiatives16.06.2017 | 19:21(9 Leser)
	Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen)ACCESSWIRE·Mehr Nachrichten von ACCESSWIREPulse Evolution Corp.: Pulse Evolution Announces Shareholder Webcast Call to Discuss Financial Highlights and Updates on Key InitiativesJUPITER, FL and SAN RAFAEL, CA / ACCESSWIRE / June 16, 2017 / Pulse Evolution Corporation (the "Company" or "Pulse Evolution") (OTC PINK: PLFX), a recognized pioneer and leading developer of hyper-realistic digital humans, today announced that the Company will host a shareholder webcast call on Thursday, June 22, 2017 at 11:00am ET, hosted by John Textor, Pulse Evolution's Executive Chairman, who intends to discuss the following topics:- Financial Highlights: The Company will discuss the unaudited financial highlights of fiscal 2016, ended June 30, 2016, and the first two fiscal quarters of fiscal year 2017, including an important 'first revenue' milestone achieved in the quarter ended December 31, 2016. Please see note below regarding unaudited financial information.Such revenues represent the first revenues realized by the Company, since its marketing launch of Virtual Michael Jackson at the 2014 Billboard Music Awards. While the Company's revenue model remains inconsistent, the 2nd fiscal quarter revenues represent an important milestone in the transformation of the Company from a technology development model to a rights exploitation and producer model. The Company will discuss in detail its plan to continue this transformation, while reporting on projects in development through Pulse Evolution's previously announced strategic entertainment partnerships.- Project Update and Revenue Outlook: Management will report on projects and shows in development through Pulse Evolution's previously announced strategic entertainment partnerships, including a discussion of celebrity estate relationships, as well as non-theatrical projects in development.- Management and Leadership Initiatives: The Company has been active in the recruitment of senior leadership candidates and prospective board members to strengthen our team in advance of key projects and corporate initiatives, including having been involved in negotiations with members of our Advisory Board to assume greater leadership roles in the Company and in connection with specific productions. The Company will provide a comprehensive update of this process and the expected timing of the addition of key hires.- Business Model: The Company will discuss plans to become more efficient in its use of human capital and financial capital in its pursuit of the highest and best uses of its proprietary technology and its technical and creative know-how. This represents a change in strategy from the direct development of specific entertainment projects, which take significant time and expense to plan and launch, to the accumulation of rights contracts, made possible by the Company's technology leadership, which have the potential to produce more consistent revenues in the near-term and more value in the long-term.- Strategic Review of Up-listing Alternatives: The Company will discuss its ongoing review of stock listing alternatives and report its priority intention to pursue an up-listing via the United States exchange markets, while still evaluating international opportunities.- Capital Resources & Funding Strategy: The Company intends to review past methods of raising capital, as well as strategies going forward. The Company is currently reviewing several offers, that are either strategic in nature or that relate to specific productions. The shareholder call will include a discussion of these options.Shareholder Webcast Call Details - Thursday, June 22, 2017 at 11:00am ET:Webcast Link: http://www.investorcalendar.com/event/15925Archived replay will be available for two weeks following the call.About Pulse Evolution Corporation:Pulse Evolution Corporation (OTC PINK: PLFX) is a recognized pioneer and leading developer of hyper-realistic digital humans, computer-generated assets that appear to be human and perform in holographic live shows, virtual reality, augmented reality, and artificial intelligence applications. The Company's founders are widely credited as the pioneers of the new industry of Holographic Entertainment, responsible for the 2012 appearance of Virtual Tupac Shakur at the Coachella Valley Music Festival and the 2014 performance of Virtual Michael Jackson at the 2014 Billboard Music Awards, the latter generating more than 50 million television and YouTube views and 98 billion Internet impressions worldwide.The Company sees digital humans emerging as ubiquitous in society, culture, and industry. We expect that they will not only perform for audiences on stage or in film, but they will also represent individual consumers as digital likeness avatars, in realistic and fantasy form, appearing and interacting on the consumer's behalf in electronic and mobile communication, social media, video game, virtual reality and augmented reality. The Company's long-term goal is to see its digital humans become the 'face' of artificial intelligence, to provide a human form to interactive artificially intelligent computer beings.Pulse Evolution is headquartered in Jupiter, Florida, with production offices and digital studios in Los Angeles and Marin County, California. Please visit: www.pulse.co.Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer:Certain statements contained in this news release are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements contained in this release relate to, among other things, the timing and potential success of new projects, productions, product releases, future operating results, and the Company's leadership in the digital production, virtual reality and augmented reality industry. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by words such as "believes," "may," "expects," "anticipates," "should," and other similar expressions. Readers should not place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are based upon the Company's beliefs and assumptions as of the date of this release. The Company's actual results could differ materially due to risk factors and other items described in more detail in the Company's filings, including Annual and Quarterly reports, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (copies of which may be obtained at www.sec.gov). Subsequent events and developments may cause these forward-looking statements to change significantly. The Company specifically disclaims any obligation or intention to update or revise these forward-looking statements as a result of changed events or circumstances that occur after the date of this release, except as required by applicable law.Statement Regarding Unaudited Financial Information:The unaudited financial information set forth above, or that which may be discussed on the Shareholder Call, is preliminary and subject to adjustments and modifications. Adjustments and modifications to such information may be identified in the future, especially during the course of future audit work, which could result in significant differences from this preliminary unaudited financial information.Investor/Media Relations:Douglas W. CalderExecutive Vice PresidentPhone: 772-418-6302Email: douglas.calder@pulse.coSOURCE: Pulse Evolution Corporation© 2017 ACCESSWIRESie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von  Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem meldenGoogle+ SeiteNachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • WatchlistAd hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-EmpfehlungenBranchen • Medien • Nachrichten-ArchivImpressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • MediadatenRSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage


View Shortable Stocks | Interactive Brokers




























































English





English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Italiano
Pусский
中文简体
中文繁體
日本語




















1029 1065 1078 1099 1147 1172 1267 401k 401k rollover 529 64 bit 64-bit 64bit 6e 975 IBIS Interactive Brokers Information System Marketplace@IB a101 a112 a601 aapl abgeltungssteuer acat acats account account administration account balance account configuration account login account management account minimum account minimums account transfer account type account types account window accrued interest accumulate ach activity statement add liquidity add user address adjustable stop adr adress advisor advisor account advisor fees advisor registration affiliate after hours after hours trading agreement alarm alert alerts algo algorithm algos allocation alpine amibroker analyst research  android api api download api mac api software api symbols api unix api windows apple application arbitrage assignment asx australia auto log off auto trade auto trading automated automated trading autotrade autotrader autotrading available funds average price back testing backfill backtest backtesting balance of monthly minimum fee bank bank account base currency basket basket order basket trader best execution beta beta api mac unix  beta api windows beta hedge beta tws beta webtrader binary binary option binary options blackberry blotter blotter guide bond bond trading bonds book trader booktrader borrow bp bracket bracket order bracket orders bracket trader brazil broker broker commission broker comparison broker fees bulletin bundle bundled button trader buying power c calculator calendar calendar spread calender cam canada cancellation fee cancellation fees career careers carry trade cash cash account cash fx translation gain/loss cash transfer cboe cd cds certificate cfd cfd uk change address change base currency change currency change password chart chart trader charting charts chat check margin check writing china chinese citibank cl clearing clearing firm close account close position closing account colocation color colors combo combo order comment letter commercial commercial tool commision commission commission schedule commissions commodities commodity communique communiques compare comparison competition compliance conditional order conditional orders contact contact us contract contract search conversion convert currency copper corn corporate account corporate action corporate action tool corporate actions corporate bonds cost basis coverdell covered call covered calls credit card credit default swaps crude oil ctci currencies currency currency conversion currency exchange currency futures currency options currency pairs cushion custodian custody customer agreement customer service data data feed dax day trade day trader day trades day trades left day trading daytrade daytrader daytrading dde ddedll ddedll.dll debit card delayed delayed data delayed market data delivery delta demo demo account demo login deposit deposits direct access dividend dividend reinvestment dividend stocks dividends dma document status dollar index download download api download software download trader workstation download tws downloads drip droid dtc dvp e mini e-mini ecn edemo efp eft email emini employee track employeetrack employment equity with loan equity with loan value esignal etf etf creation etf redemption eur eurex euro eurodollar euronext excel excel api excel dde excess liquidity exchange exchange fee exchange fees exchange rate exchange rates exchanges exchanges around the world exercise exercise option exercise options expiration extended hours failed family family and friends faq fdic features poll fee fees fibonacci fifo financial advisor firewall fix fop foreign foreign currency foreign exchange forex forex demo forex hours forex interest forex leverage forex margin forex minimum forex option forex options forex rollover forex spread forex spreads forex trading forgot password forms forum forums friends friends and family friends and family account friends family ftse fund fund account funding funding account funds future futures futures arbitrage futures margin futures margins futures options futures rollover futures symbols futures trading fx fx options fx portfolio fx trader fx trading fxconv fxtrader gainskeeper gateway gc globex glossary gold gold futures gold trading permission greece greeks gtc gtd hard to borrow hedge hedge fund hedge fund capital introduction hedging help high dividend scanner historical historical data holiday holiday calendar holidays hong kong hours ib address ib gateway ib message center ib money manager marketplace iban ibis research platform ice ideal ideal pro idealpro imbalance implied volatility important year end information inactivity inactivity fee inactivity fees index india indicative rate indices individual account initial deposit initial margin insight institutional account insurance interest interest rate interest rates internal transfer international introducing broker introducing brokers investment club ioc ipad iphone ipo ira ira account ira accounts ira conversion ira fees ira margin ira rollover ira transfer iron condor isa isin israel italy itws japan java java api java download javaw javaw.exe jobs joint joint account kaching knowledge base korea kospi lab lab account language last message latency leaps level 2 level ii leverage libor limit limit order link account link accounts linked accounts linux liquidate last liquidation live chat loan loc location locations log in log on login logon lost password mac mailing address maintenance maintenance margin managed account managed accounts manual margin margin account margin calculation margin call margin cushion margin fees margin futures margin interest margin interest rate margin interest rates margin ira margin loan margin loan rates margin rate margin rates margin requirement margin requirements margin trading margins mark to market market data market data subscription market depth market on close market order market profile market pulse market scanner market value markets master account matlab message message center message centre messages meta trader metal metal highlights metastock metatrader mini options minimum minimum account minimum account balance minimum account size minimum balance minimum deposit minimum fee minimum funding mit mobile mobile trader mobile trading moc model navigator money manager money manager marketplace money market money transfer monthly fee monthly minimum fee mosaic mt4 mtm multicharts multiple accounts municipal bonds mutual fund mutual funds nasdaq net liquidation value new account new products news nikkei ninja ninja trader ninjatrader nri nybot nymex nyse oca oca group occ option symbology oco oco order odd lot offices offshore oil oms open account open an account opg option option assignment option calculator option exercise option expiration option spread option spreads option strategy lab option trader options options calculator options exercise options trading order order cancellation fee order presets order size order size is not within the limits order status order type order types orders osi otc otcbb pair pair trade pair trading pairs pairs trading paper paper account paper money paper trade paper trader paper trading paper trading account paper trading for professors paper trading for students papertrade papertrader papertrading partner partners partnership password pattern pattern day trade pattern day trader pattern day trading pattern daytrader pdt penny stocks pension plan trust account phone phone number physical delivery pink pink sheet pink sheets platform plugin poll port portfolio portfolio analyst portfolio margin portfolio margining position transfer post trade allocation potential pattern day trade power of attorney practice practice account pre market pre-market precautionary settings premarket presets press press release press releases pricing pricing and margin prime prime broker prime brokerage probability lab professional professional advisor registration professional services promotion proxy put call ratio quicken quote quote tracker quotes quotetracker rates real time real time data real time quotes rebalance rebate referral reg t reg t margin relative order release notes reopen reopen account reports research retail price improvement return device reuters reuters news risk navigator roll over rollover rollover ira roth roth conversion roth ira roth ira conversion routing number rrsp rsp rss feed rss news feed rth russell 2000 s safeword sales sbl scale scale trader scaletrader scan scanner schedule d screener secure login security security card security code security code card security code card activation security device security token sell short sep ira sepa server service Fee settled cash settlement settlement date short short availability short interest short list short sale short sales short sell short selling short stock short stocks shortable shortable stocks shorting shorting stocks silver simulated simulated account simulated trading simulation simulator singapore single account single stock futures sipc sipp slb sma smart smart routing sms soft dollars software software download spain spanish special memorandum special memorandum account speed spot gold spread spread betting spread margin spread trader spread trading spreads spreadtrader spx spy ssf ssl statement statements status stock borrow stock certificate stock loan stock screener stock yield stock yield enhancement program stop stop limit stop limit order stop loss stop loss order stop order stop orders stoploss stops stp stp return stp return form student paper account student trading lab student trading login sub account sugar support swap swaps symbol symbol list symbol lookup symbol search symbology symbols system requirements system status t5008 taiwan tax tax form tax forms tax free savings account tax optimizer tax reporting taxes technical analysis telephone test account tf tfsa third party tick tick data ticker tif timber hill timberhill time and sales time in force token trade demo trader chat trader dashboard trader referral trader workstation trader workstation demo trader workstation download traders insight tradestation trading trading calendar trading configuration trading fee trading hours trading lab trading permission trading permissions trail trail limit trail lit trail mit trail order trail stop trailing trailing limit trailing stop trailing stop limit trailing stop loss trailing stop order trailing stops transfer transfer account transfer funds treasuries trial trigger trigger method trin trust trust account turbo tax turbotax tutorial twap tws tws beta tws demo tws download tws for blackberry tws login tws update tws user guide twsdde twsdde.xls txf uk unbundled universal account unsubscribe update update tws upgrade upgrade tws us sec. and comm. exchanges user guide user management users guide video videos virtual virtual account virtual trading vix volatility volatility lab voting vpn vwap w-8ben w8 warrant warrants wash sale wash sales wealth manager web trader web trader beta web trader demo webinar webinars webtrader webtrader beta wheat white label windows 7 wire wire fee wire instruction wire instructions wire transfer wire transfer instructions wire transfers wiring instructions withdraw withdrawal withdrawals withdrawl withholding withholding tax workstation year end year end info year end information year end tax information year-end information yearend information yield optimizer ym yuan 




Log In 





Trader Workstation
TWS Latest
TWS
TWS Beta


Account Management
Account Management
Finish  an Application




WebTrader
WebTrader
WebTrader Beta


API Access
IB Gateway Latest
IB Gateway





Account Management Beta - NEW







Open Account 





Choose an Account




Trader & Investor Accounts
Individual Investor or Trader
Family Office
Small Business
Friends and Family Advisor

Other Services
Compliance Officer
Administrator
Educator
Referrer


Institution Accounts
Registered Investment Advisor
Hedge or Mutual Fund
Money Manager
Proprietary Trading Group
Introducing Broker
Incentive Plan Admin





How to Choose and Configure an Account
Continue or Finish Your Application







Free Trial



















Home






Home
Individual Investor or Trader
Registered Investment Advisor
Hedge or Mutual Fund
Money Manager
Proprietary Trading Group
Family Office
Small Business
Friends and Family Advisor
Introducing Broker
Incentive Plan Administrator
Compliance Officer
Administrator
Educator
Referrer









Why IB

Free Trial
PRICING 





Overview
Commissions
Interest and Financing
Research, News and Market Data
Institutional Research


Required Minimums
Other Fees
Advisor Fees
Broker Client Markups

IB Feature Explorer 



IB Feature Explorer Browse all the advantages of an IB account

 



TRADING 





PLATFORMS
Trading Platforms
Platform Demos
TWS Software
API Solutions
Research Platform


TECHNOLOGY
SmartRouting
Order Types and Algos
Customer Activity Monitor
Third Party Integration
White Branding
Features in Focus



PRODUCTS
Overview
Product Listings
Exchange Listings
New Products
Margin
Contract Search


SERVICES
Account Management
IRA Information
Funding Reference
Securities Financing
Investors' Marketplace
New Features Poll
Tax Information and Reporting

IB Feature Explorer 



IB Feature Explorer Browse all the advantages of an IB account

 



EDUCATION 





TRADERS' UNIVERSITY
Traders' University
Webinars & Short Videos
Courses & Tours
Documentation
Apps, Tools & Widgets
Traders' Glossary
Live Events


OTHER RESOURCES
Probability Lab
Traders' Insight
Trading Calendars

IB Feature Explorer 



IB Feature Explorer Browse all the advantages of an IB account

 



ABOUT IB 





ABOUT US
Information and History
Awards
News
Media
Live Events
Investor Relations


MORE...
Comment Letters and Papers
Regulatory Reports
S&P Rating
Careers

IB Feature Explorer 



IB Feature Explorer Browse all the advantages of an IB account

 



CONTACT US 





Client Services
Institutions Client Services
Institutions Sales Contacts
Trading Desks
IB Knowledge Base
System Status

IB Feature Explorer 



IB Feature Explorer Browse all the advantages of an IB account

 





Search

Account Management Log In

Account Management Beta Log In

Open Account

Language 





English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Italiano
Pусский
中文简体
中文繁體
日本語
















View Shortable Stocks
















Shortable Stocks for United States 

Last updated: Tue, 01.Aug.17 09:37EDT
This availability information regarding shortable stocks is indicative only and is subject to change. IB does not accept short sale orders for US stocks that are not eligible for DTC continuous net settlement (CNS) and all short sale orders are subject to approval by IB.


Symbol
Currency
Long Name
 


PL PRC	 USD
PROTECTIVE LIFE CORP
Check Availability


PL PRE	 USD
PROTECTIVE LIFE CORP
Check Availability


PLAB	 USD
PHOTRONICS INC
Check Availability


PLAY	 USD
DAVE & BUSTER'S ENTERTAINMEN
Check Availability


PLBC	 USD
PLUMAS BANCORP
Check Availability


PLBN	 USD
PILOT BANCSHARES INC
Check Availability


PLCE	 USD
CHILDREN'S PLACE INC-THE
Check Availability


PLD	 USD
PROLOGIS INC
Check Availability


PLDGP	 USD
PROLOGIS INC
Check Availability


PLFM	 USD
PLATFORMS WIRELESS INTERNATI
Check Availability


PLFRY	 USD
PALFINGER AG
Check Availability


PLFX	 USD
PULSE EVOLUTION CORP
Check Availability


PLG	 USD
PLATINUM GROUP METALS LTD
Check Availability


PLKT	 USD
SOLAR GOLD LTD
Check Availability


PLLVF	 USD
PALLADON VENTURES LTD
Check Availability


PLM	 USD
POLYMET MINING CORP
Check Availability


PLND	 USD
VANECK VECTORS POLAND ETF
Check Availability


PLNT	 USD
PLANET FITNESS INC - CL A
Check Availability


PLOW	 USD
DOUGLAS DYNAMICS INC
Check Availability


PLPC	 USD
PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO
Check Availability


PLPL	 USD
PLANDAI BIOTECHNOLOGY INC
Check Availability


PLPM	 USD
PLANET PAYMENT INC
Check Availability


PLRM	 USD
PILGRIM BANCSHARES INC
Check Availability


PLSDF	 USD
PULSE SEISMIC INC
Check Availability


PLSE	 USD
PULSE BIOSCIENCES INC
Check Availability


PLT	 USD
PLANTRONICS INC
Check Availability


PLUG	 USD
PLUG POWER INC
Check Availability


PLUS	 USD
EPLUS INC
Check Availability


PLW	 USD
POWERSHARES 1-30 LADDERED TP
Check Availability


PLWTY	 USD
PANALPINA WELTTRANSP-UNS ADR
Check Availability


PLWY	 USD
PEOPLES WAY.COM INC
Check Availability


PLX	 USD
PROTALIX BIOTHERAPEUTICS INC
Check Availability


PLXP	 USD
PLX PHARMA INC
Check Availability


PLXS	 USD
PLEXUS CORP
Check Availability


PLYA	 USD
PLAYA HOTELS & RESORTS NV
Check Availability


PLYM	 USD
PLYMOUTH INDUSTRIAL REIT INC
Check Availability


PLZZ	 USD
PLAZA BANCORP
Check Availability


PM	 USD
PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL
Check Availability


PMBC	 USD
PACIFIC MERCANTILE BANCORP
Check Availability


PMC	 USD
PHARMERICA CORP
Check Availability


PMCB	 USD
PHARMACYTE BIOTECH INC
Check Availability


PMD	 USD
PSYCHEMEDICS CORP
Check Availability


PMDKY	 USD
MITRA ADIPERKASA-SPON ADR
Check Availability


PME	 USD
PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LT
Check Availability


PMEA	 USD
PM&E INC
Check Availability


PMF	 USD
PIMCO MUNICIPAL INCOME FUND
Check Availability


PMGYF	 USD
PERPETUAL ENERGY INC
Check Availability


PMHG	 USD
PRIME MERIDIAN HOLDING CO
Check Availability


PMHV	 USD
PRIME BANK (CT)
Check Availability


PML	 USD
PIMCO MUNICIPAL INCOME FD II
Check Availability


PMM	 USD
PUTNAM MANAGED MUNI INCM TRS
Check Availability


PMO	 USD
PUTNAM MUNI OPPORTUNITIES TR
Check Availability


PMOIY	 USD
PREMIER OIL PLC-SPONS ADR
Check Availability


PMOZ	 USD
PRISMONE GROUP INC
Check Availability


PMPG	 USD
PREMIER PRODUCTS GROUP INC
Check Availability


PMPT	 USD
ISECTORS POST-MPT GROWTH ETF
Check Availability


PMR	 USD
POWERSHARES DYNAMIC RETAIL
Check Availability


PMT	 USD
PENNYMAC MORTGAGE INVESTMENT
Check Availability


PMT PRA	 USD
PENNYMAC MTGE INVESTMENT
Check Availability


PMT PRB	 USD
PENNYMAC MTGE INVESTMENT
Check Availability


PMTS	 USD
CPI CARD GROUP INC
Check Availability


PMX	 USD
PIMCO MUNI INCOME FUND III
Check Availability


PMXO	 USD
PMX COMMUNITIES INC
Check Availability


PMXX	 USD
PRIMIX CORPORATION
Check Availability


PN	 USD
PATRIOT NATIONAL INC
Check Availability


PNBC	 USD
PRINCETON NATIONAL BANCORP
Check Availability


PNBK	 USD
PATRIOT NATIONAL BANCORP INC
Check Availability


PNC	 USD
PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP
Check Availability


PNC PRP	 USD
PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES
Check Availability


PNC PRQ	 USD
PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES
Check Availability


PNF	 USD
PIMCO NEW YORK MUNI INC FD
Check Availability


PNFP	 USD
PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS
Check Availability


PNGAY	 USD
PING AN INSURANCE-ADR
Check Availability


PNGM	 USD
PENGRAM CORP
Check Availability


PNI	 USD
PIMCO NEW YORK MUNICIPAL II
Check Availability


PNK	 USD
PINNACLE ENTERTAINMENT INC
Check Availability


PNLYY	 USD
POSTNL NV-ADR
Check Availability


PNM	 USD
PNM RESOURCES INC
Check Availability


PNMXO	 USD
PUBLIC SERVICE NEW MEX 4.58% CUM RED PFD SHS
Check Availability


PNNT	 USD
PENNANTPARK INVESTMENT CORP
Check Availability


PNOW	 USD
PURE HOSPITALITY SOLUTIONS I
Check Availability


PNPFF	 USD
PINETREE CAPITAL LTD
Check Availability


PNQI	 USD
POWERSHARES NASDAQ INTERNET
Check Availability


PNR	 USD
PENTAIR PLC
Check Availability


PNRC	 USD
PREMIER ENERGY CORP
Check Availability


PNRG	 USD
PRIMEENERGY CORP
Check Availability


PNTR	 USD
POINTER TELOCATION LTD
Check Availability


PNTV	 USD
PLAYERS NETWORK
Check Availability


PNW	 USD
PINNACLE WEST CAPITAL
Check Availability


PNXLF	 USD
ARGENTINA LITHIUM & ENERGY C
Check Availability


POAHY	 USD
PORSCHE AUTOMOBIL-UNSP ADR
Check Availability


PODD	 USD
INSULET CORP
Check Availability


POEFF	 USD
PAN ORIENT ENERGY CORP
Check Availability


POFCY	 USD
PETROFAC LTD- UNSPON ADR
Check Availability


POFNF	 USD
POWER FINANCIAL CORP
Check Availability


POGS	 USD
PIONEER OIL & GAS
Check Availability


POL	 USD
POLYONE CORPORATION
Check Availability


POLA	 USD
POLAR POWER INC
Check Availability


POLXF	 USD
POLYDEX PHARMACEUTICALS LTD
Check Availability


POOL	 USD
POOL CORP
Check Availability




















