 






















Insider Moves: Rev Asia Bhd, Choo Bee Metal Industries Bhd, Eversendai Corp Bhd, Fajarbaru Builder Group Bhd | The Edge Markets
































































 








 






















Edition:

Malaysia
Singapore




MY 
SG













 




























 











 

















 





















arrow



drop



search



cross












Ways to search theedgemarkets.com content
by Title: @title "the edge malaysia"
by Author: @author "lucas wong”
by category: @category "corporate" "hot stock” 
Combine search:  "high speed rail" @author "Bhattacharjee" @category "From the Edge"
Searching either words : 1MDB MAS 
Searching all words : “Genting Berhad”
Searching Chinese phrase : “马电讯”








News Search




















Home 



Corporate 



Sections 









Options 



City & Country 



Personal Wealth 



Enterprise 



Opinion 










The Edge TV 









Evening 5 



Talking Edge 



Behind The Story 



#JustSaying 



UPSTART 



Friday Takeaway 



News 










Others 









Politics and Government 



Automotive 



Technology 



Aviation 










新闻 



TheEdgeProperty.com 















Trending Now 











Bandar Malaysia

FGV

1MDB




 









01 August 2017. Tuesday 









































Personal Wealth From The Edge



Edge Weekly 



Insider Moves: Rev Asia Bhd, Choo Bee Metal Industries Bhd, Eversendai Corp Bhd, Fajarbaru Builder Group Bhd 
 


Billy Toh
/
The Edge Malaysia

May 30, 2017 14:00 pm MYT



















This article first appeared in Capital, The Edge Malaysia Weekly, on May 22, 2017 - May 28, 2017.
 -A  +A 
Notable filings
SINGAPORE-based Catcha Group Pte Ltd disposed of 3.84 million shares or a 2.9% stake in Rev Asia Bhd for RM105 million two days after the latter entered into a landmark deal with Media Prima Bhd on May 8 to sell its advertising and social media business, which is parked under Rev Asia Holdings Sdn Bhd.
Catcha Group Pte Ltd is the largest shareholder of Rev Asia Bhd. Meanwhile, Rev Asia Bhd has a 70% stake in Rev Asia Holdings, with the remaining 30% held by Youth Asia Sdn Bhd.
Rev Asia Bhd will be classified as a “Cash Company” on completion of the proposed sale, for which it will receive RM73.5 million. The counter has surged 91.1% since early this year, closing at 96.5 sen just before the announcement of the sale on May 5. It retreated to 72.5 sen last Thursday.
Over at Media Prima, one of its largest foreign institutional shareholders, Morgan Stanley & Co LLC, has increased its stake in the media company. Before the announcement of the acquisition of Rev Asia Holdings, Morgan Stanley had accumulated 353,000 shares over four days from May 2. It then increased its holding by another 577,000 shares on May 9, giving it a 5.2% stake in total.
Media Prima’s share price has been on a slight downward trend, falling 5.2% year to date as at May 9. However, the counter’s trading volume of 7.3 million on that day was more than five times its average volume of 1.3 million in the past year.
Elsewhere, Choo Bee Metal Industries Bhd saw Lembaga Tabung Haji cease to be its substantial shareholder on May 3, after disposing of a total of 2.1 million shares since April 28. Bloomberg data shows that Lembaga Tabung Haji had been one of Choo Bee’s substantial shareholders since 2007, with an average entry cost of RM1.48.
The Ipoh-based flat steel product manufacturer has seen a recovery in its share price since last year. Choo Bee has been trading range bound between RM2.10 and RM2.19 since Lembaga Tabung Haji first started selling its shares on April 28.
 
Notable movements
Investor and philanthropist Koon Yew Yin has been raising his stake in Eversendai Corp Bhd, adding 6.8 million shares between May 2 and May 4. Following the acquisition, he is the second largest shareholder in Eversendai with a 6.8% stake, behind Vahana Holdings Sdn Bhd — a private vehicle owned by the construction group’s founder, Tan Sri Nathan Elumalay. Filings with Bursa Malaysia show that the average transacted price was 95.5 sen.
Interestingly, Eversendai reached a one-year high of RM1.02 on May 4 on trading volume of 15.7 million — about five times its one-year average of 3.2 million. The share price, however, had fallen back to below 90 sen on May 16 and closed lower at 85.5 sen on May 18.
Meanwhile, Fajarbaru Builder Group Bhd’s single largest shareholder, Datin Lai Mooi Far, disposed of three million shares on the open market on May 9. On that day, Fajarbaru had been trading at between 87.5 sen and 91.5 sen.
A May 15 filing shows that Lai sold another 3.9 million shares on the open market on May 12, reducing her stake to 8.15%. The disposal was done near Fajarbaru’s one-year high price range. The construction group, which has been on investors’ radar screen since early February, saw its share price rise 63.7% to 92.5 sen last Thursday.
Comintel Corp Bhd chairman Tan Sri Samshuri Arshad disposed of 390,000 shares at 82.3 sen on the open market on May 12. Samshuri had previously disposed of two blocks of shares, totalling 400,000 shares, on April 26 and May 2 at 81.9 sen and 80.5 sen apiece respectively.
Following that, the share price of the engineering and technology group has been on an upward trend, rising 5.5% from its closing price of 82 sen on April 26. The stock has increased 18.3% year to date as at May 18.
 
 





















 






Subscribe to Editor's Picks & Mid-day email alert



We deliver news to your inbox daily














 











 






Featured Videos





 










01 Aug | 09:02pm


Featured



EVENING 5: 1MDB delays US$628.8 mil payment to IPIC








01 Aug | 11:54am


Featured



TALKING EDGE: What It Takes To Ace A Job In Investment Banking








31 Jul | 09:26pm


Featured



EVENING 5: Teh Hong Piow to retire as Public Bank chairman








31 Jul | 05:37pm


Featured



BEHIND THE STORY: Petronas In the Spotlight








28 Jul | 09:36pm


Featured



EVENING 5: Sime Darby’s Major Management Shake-up








28 Jul | 12:34pm


Featured



FRIDAY TAKEAWAY: Sunway, WSeong Light Up Bursa








27 Jul | 09:07pm


Featured



EVENING 5: TNB’s 3Q net profit slides 15%








27 Jul | 02:27pm


Featured



UPSTART: How to make bank ditching your PhD for Food








26 Jul | 09:32pm


Featured



EVENING 5: Petronas aborts US$27 bil Canadian LNG project








26 Jul | 01:16pm


Featured



#JUSTSAYING: Malaysia’s Civic Un-consciousness Problem

 



 






















 











Most Read
Most Watched












 
 
 

 1   1MDB misses deadline for US$603m IPIC payment — sources 

 

 

 2   1MDB misses US$603m payment deadline to IPIC — sources 

 

 

 3   1MDB admits it missed July 31 deadline for payment to IPIC, says will pay in August instead 

 

 

 4   Chinese money pouring into Malaysia could help Najib with votes 

 

 

 5   1MDB due to pay RM2.58b to IPIC 

 
 
 
 


 









 
 
 





01 Aug 2017 | 11:54am


Talking Edge



TALKING EDGE: What It Takes To Ace A Job In Investment Banking

 

 





31 Jul 2017 | 05:50pm


News



NEWS: 'Job rationalisation' on the cards, says Ambank

 

 





31 Jul 2017 | 09:26pm


Evening 5



EVENING 5: Teh Hong Piow to retire as Public Bank chairman

 

 





01 Aug 2017 | 06:23pm


Talking Edge



TALKING EDGE: Met 1 a compelling home and investment

 

 





28 Jul 2017 | 12:34pm


Friday Takeaway



FRIDAY TAKEAWAY: Sunway, WSeong Light Up Bursa

 
 
 
 


 
















 













 













 













 













 













 











































Please enable JavaScript to view the page content.
 


Says Sdn Bhd - Wikipedia





















 






Says Sdn Bhd

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs more links to other articles to help integrate it into the encyclopedia. Please help improve this article by adding links that are relevant to the context within the existing text. (February 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (April 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Says Sdn Bhd is a company based in Petaling Jaya, Malaysia, that operates the web site Says.com.[1] The company, formerly known as Youthsays Sdn Bhd, is Malaysia's pioneer in accelerating the reach of advertisers through the empowerment of active social media users. Since its point of inception in 2010, Says Sdn Bhd has served over 80 leading brands including Nike, Coca-Cola, Unilever, Maxis and Nestle.[2] On 8 October 2013, Says Sdn Bhd completed a $20 million merger with Catcha Media Berhad's subsidiaries to form a new company, Rev Media Equity Holdings Sdn Bhd (Rev Asia) [3] Effective 12 December 2013, Says Sdn Bhd became Rev Social Malaysia Sdn Bhd.[4]



Contents


1 Products
2 Recognition and awards
3 Sponsorships
4 The Says Secret Hideout
5 Merger with Catcha Media
6 References
7 External links



Products[edit]

Says.com is Malaysia’s fastest growing news website, generating over one million unique visitors since its revamp on 18 October[5] In 2010, the beta version of what is known today as Says.com was launched. Says.my (now Says.com) served as a unique country-specific crowd-sourced content broadcasting platform that leverages active social media users to curate and share trending news items, paying them when they broadcast advertiser-sponsored content [6] In January 2011, Says Sdn Bhd bought the Says.com domain for $40,000 (USD) and launched Says.com global on 31 May 2012, further expanding the social news network into India, Philippines, Singapore and Australia. In April 2013, advertiser-sponsored content was migrated from Says.com onto a newly designed private rewards club called 8Share.[7]
8Share was founded in April 2013 and is a country-specific platform where social media users are paid to broadcast advertiser-sponsored content.[8] This content, called ‘Specials,’ ranges from the latest videos, movie trailers, contests and events to product offers by Indonesian brands that choose to promote their content via 8Share users.[9] 8Share has worked on over 1,500 successful campaigns for 70 of the largest advertisers in the region including Nike, Coke, Nestle, Unilever and Samsung.[10]

Recognition and awards[edit]
Says Sdn Bhd made The WorldBlu List of Most Democratic Workplaces™ in years 2012 and 2013.[11] The company also won Best Practices for “Level Up” and “Smoke Signal”.[12] Says practices the democratic principle of reflection and evaluation through 'Great-itude' sessions whereby employees shares one thing they're grateful for that has happened that week.[13] This practice was featured in an article titled "Ritual Magic In The Workplace", published by Malaysia’s leading financial and investment news publication’s pullout edGY.[14][15]
Sponsorships[edit]
1. DiGi WWWOW Awards Says Fave Video Of The Year 2012 and 2013[16][17]
2. Says built and managed online microsite and campaign for WWF Malaysia to garner pledges against turtle egg consumption in 2012[18]
The Says Secret Hideout[edit]
The Says Secret Hideout, hub of Says Sdn Bhd employees, was listed in Female Magazine Malaysia’s “Coolest Offices You’d Want to Work at in Malaysia” and described as an “outta-this-world” space that “gives off a lousy vibe”.[19]
Merger with Catcha Media[edit]
In May 2013, Says Sdn Bhd entered an approximate RM60 million merger with Catcha Media, in which Catcha Media subsidiaries and Says.com will come together to form a digital advertising business.[20] In a statement from former CEO Khailee Ng (now Chairman of Rev Asia) said that Says.com is designed to put advertiser content at the centre of social attention, positioning brands to capture the new generation of consumers - “We see a shift towards the advertising of the future, where marketing messages take shape as sharable ‘social’ content rather than the way it presently appears to users - as interruptions.” [21]
References[edit]



^ Company Overview Of Says Sdn Bhd, "Bloomberg Businessweek", 19 Dec 2013, "[1]", 2013
^ Bernama, "The Malaysian Insider", 14 May 2013, "[2]", 2013
^ Noor Fathima Warsia, "Digital Market Asia", 10 Oct 2013, "", 2013
^ Company Overview of Rev Social Malaysia Sdn Bhd, "Bloomberg Businessweek", 21 Jan 2014,"[3]", 2013
^ Vivian Chong, "Marketing Interactive", 6 Dec 2013, "[4]", 2013
^ Company Overview Of Says Sdn Bhd, "Bloomberg Businessweek", 19 Dec 2013, "[5]", 2013
^ Company Overview Of Says Sdn Bhd, "Bloomberg Businessweek", 19 Dec 2013, "[6]", 2013
^ iTunes, "Apple", 20 Dec 2013, "[7]", 2013
^ Digital News Asia, "Digital News Asia", 18 Nov 2013, "[8]", 2013
^ Digital News Asia, "Digital News Asia", 18 Nov 2013, "[9]", 2013
^ The WorldBlu List, "WorldBlu", 2012, "[10]", 2013
^ The WorldBlu List, "WorldBlu", 2013, "[11]", 2013
^ The WorldBlu List, "WorldBlu", 2013, "[12]", 2013
^ Nurul Iman Dimyati, "Fz", 2013, "[13]", 2013
^ Ritual Magic In The Workplace, "edGY", 2013, "[14]", 2013
^ Digital News Asia, "Digital News Asia", 2012, "[15]", 2013
^ WWWOW Prizes, "DiGi", 2013,"[16]", 2013
^ Farhana Fadzil, "PR Web", 2012, "[17]", 2013
^ Rachel Au, "Female Magazine", 19 September 2013, "[18]", 2013
^ Digital News Asia, "Digital News Asia", 15 Jul 2013, "[19]", 2013
^ Jon Russell, "The Next Web", 12 Jul 2013, "[20]", 2013



External links[edit]




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Says_Sdn_Bhd&oldid=773799356"					
Categories: Companies established in 2010Companies disestablished in 2013Defunct companies of MalaysiaHidden categories: Articles with too few wikilinks from February 2014All articles with too few wikilinksArticles covered by WikiProject Wikify from February 2014All articles covered by WikiProject WikifyArticles with a promotional tone from April 2014All articles with a promotional tone 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 4 April 2017, at 13:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Please enable JavaScript to view the page content.
 









Malaysia's REV Asia acquires 3 popular Malay content portals: Siraplimau, Myresipi, and Kongsiresep


































































































E27

About
Team
Contact Us
Advertise
Privacy Policy



NEWS

Business
Technology
Resource
Investment



CONFERENCES

Echelon Vietnam
Echelon Thailand
Echelon Central Asia
Echelon Indonesia
Echelon Asia Summit Upcoming



FOLLOW US

Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Google+
Youtube
RSS











		 2017 © E27 (Entrepreneurs 27). All Rights Reserved.
	


























 
 



 
 
 
 

 
 




 








 






















	Breakfast briefing: Tuesday, May 9 (Update) - Business News | The Star Online































































































































Business News
Home > Business > Business News 
 < Back to SMG 45




















































Tuesday, 9 May 2017 | MYT 8:36 AM



        Breakfast briefing: Tuesday, May 9 (Update)
       
    








































MarketWrap: The S&P 500 ended flat on Monday after briefly touching a record high, while Wall Street's "fear gauge" dropped to its lowest in over two decades following centrist Emmanuel Macron's victory in the French presidential election. The DJIA edged up 0.03% to end at 21,012.28 points, the S&P 500 gained 0.08 points to end at 2,399.37 and the Nasdaq added 0.03% to 6,102.66. - Reuters

Energy

Oil prices rose on Monday in volatile trading, bolstered by statements from major oil-producing countries suggesting that Opec and non-Opec supply cuts could be extended into 2018. Benchmark Brent crude settled up 24 cents, or 0.5%, at US$49.34 a barrel. - Reuters
Forex summary

*The ringgit lost 0.13% to 4.3415 versus the US$

*It gained 0.13% to 4.7441 versus euro

*Up 0.07% to 5.6210 per pound sterling

*Up 0.03% to 3.0862 per Singapore dollar

*Up 0.64% to 3.1943 per Aussie

*0.15% lower to 3.8343 per 100 yen

Top foreign stories

Trump review of Wall Street rules to be done in stages: The US government's review of a landmark 2010 financial reform law will not be complete by early June as originally targeted, and officials will now report findings piece-by-piece, with priority given to banking regulations, sources said on Monday. - Reuters

Japan real wages growth slowest in nearly two years: Japan's March real wages fell at the fastest pace in almost two years, pressured by meagre nominal pay hikes and a slight rise in consumer prices, posing a setback for Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's attempts to revitalise the economy. Inflation-adjusted real wages dropped 0.8% in March from a year earlier to mark their biggest rate of decline since June 2015, labour ministry data showed on Tuesday. - Reuters

Comcast, Charter announce wireless partnership: Comcast Corp and Charter Communications Inc on Monday announced a wireless partnership, as the cable providers seek to add more services in a bid to reduce customer churn. The deal will also help speed up their entry into the highly competitive and over-saturated market for mobile service in the United States. - Reuters

CEO: Verizon does not feel pressure to do big deal: Verizon Communications Inc does not see an urgent need to undertake a big strategic merger or acquisition, its chief executive said on Monday, as some Wall Street analysts have urged the wireless company to do. - Reuters

Top local stories

HSR terminal project intact: The construction of the station for the high-speed rail (HSR) project in Bandar Malaysia will not be affected by the changes in the status of the master developer of the project, a source said.  A consortium led by Malaysian Resources Corp Bhd (MRCB) is still in negotiations with Bandar Malaysia – wholly owned by the Ministry of Finance Inc (MoF) – to build an integrated transportation terminal to cater to the HSR project. - StarBiz

Media Prima primes into digital space: Digital media group REV Asia Bhd has proposed the disposal of its subsidiary REV Asia Holdings Sdn Bhd to Media Prima Bhd and Youth Asia Sdn Bhd for RM105mil. Under the agreement, Media Prima will pay RM73.5mil for a 70% stake in Rev Asia Holdings and fork out RM31.5mil for the balance 30% stake to Youth Asia. - StarBiz

Arul Kanda unaware of any changes to his positions at Bandar Malaysia, TRX: 1Malaysia Development Bhd (1MDB) president and CEO Arul Kanda Kandasamy says he is unaware of any changes to his positions at Bandar Malaysia Sdn Bhd and TRX City Sdn Bhd. “I have not received any official notification on this matter and I am accordingly unable to comment on it,” he said. - StarBiz

TNB unit wins RM763m contract in Pakistan: Tenaga Nasional Bhd (TNB) unit TNB Repair and Maintenance Sdn Bhd has bagged a US$176mil (RM763mil) contract to operate and maintain the 1,223-MW Balloki combined-cycle power plant in Punjab, Pakistan. The 12-year contract was award- ed by the National Power Parks Management Company (Pvt) Ltd, a government-linked company. - Bernama

Kimlun unit bags RM263m job: Kimlun Corp Bhd’s 40%-owned joint-venture company, JBB Kimlun Sdn Bhd, has bagged a RM263mil construction contract in Johor from Astaka Padu Sdn Bhd. The contract is for the construction of a block of office complex for Johor Baru City Council in Plentong. - Bernama

TH Plantations to continue selling non-core assets: TH Plantations Bhd plans to continue disposing of some of its non-core, non-strategic and under-performing assets amounting to RM150mil this year. - StarBiz

Petronas Coral 2.0 results in cost savings of RM5b: Petroliam Nasional Bhd (Petronas)’s industry-wide programme, Cost Reduction Alliance 2.0 (Coral 2.0), has resulted in cost savings of some RM5bil since its inception in 2015. President and group CEO Datuk Wan Zulkiflee Wan Ariffin said it had no intention of expanding Coral 2.0, which is limited to the upstream portion of its business to downstream. - StarBiz

Sapura Energy says interest in upstream projects picking up: Sapura Energy Bhd says it is beginning to see interest building in upstream projects following sharp rollbacks in recent years from lower oil prices. Sapura chief executive Shahril Shamsuddin attributed the increase in interest to the recovery in oil prices and the need to replenish a natural drop in reserves. - Reuters

Lay Hong selling 30% of G-Mart Borneo Retail: Lay Hong Bhd is disposing of a 30% stake in G-Mart Borneo Retail Sdn Bhd to PanPages for RM10.75mil, as it seeks to build up its online e-commerce business. The deal will allow PanPages to participate in G-Mart’s equity and collaborate with Lay Hong in the changing marketplace for its online business,” Lay Hong said.- StarBiz

Hovid gets manufacturing licence for Ipoh factory: Healthcare and pharmaceutical company Hovid Bhd has received a manufacturing licence for its Ipoh plant. The licence, given on Monday, enables the company to resume its operations. It is valid from May 5 and is to be renewed three months prior to the expiry date on Dec 31, 2017. - StarBiz

UOB Kay Hian: Market to be on cautious mode: The market is expected to briefly retrace from its earlier upward trend after the recent announcement by TRX City Sdn Bhd on Bandar Malaysia’s lapsed deal, says UOB Kay Hian Research. Events such as Malaysia’s upcoming participation in China’s ‘One Belt One Road’ summit should partially reignite some of the lost momentum in China’s foreign direct investment theme, it said. - StarBiz

Century Software secures RM7.5m contract from IRB: Censof Holdings Bhd unit Century Software (M) Sdn Bhd has secured a RM7.5mil, three-year contract to provide application maintenance services for the Inland Revenue Board’s (IRB) Electronic Revenue Accounting System and relevant hardware. - Bernama

MK Land unit to sell land for RM72m: MK Land Holdings Bhd Dominant Star Sdn Bhd will dispose of nine parcels of leasehold land measuring about 79.25 ha in Kamunting, Perak, for RM72mil. It expects to record a net gain of RM32.14mil from the sale. - Bernama








Tags / Keywords:
Breakfast Briefing

















Related Stories



 











You May Be Interested









Khazanah raises RM100m from second tranche of Sukuk









Wah Seong Corp subsidiary bags US$24.2mil contract









Sony sets record with three-fold jump in Q1 operating profit









BP Q2 profit falls to US$684m









Philippines stocks fall over 1pct Vietnam hits fresh 9 year high









Celebrate HK summer with e-Sports legends

















Property Related


















advertisement
















Latest News


CMIA, Affin Hwang acquire majority stake in Bitsmedia






Sunway plans RM460mil transit-oriented development in Kajang






Ambani is second-richest Asian as debt fuels Reliance growth






Sunway to redevelop land into RM1.4bil mixed development 






Philippines stocks fall over 1pct Vietnam hits fresh 9 year high



























Most Viewed in Business



1MDB says payment to IPIC will be made in August



Sunway to redevelop land into RM1.4bil mixed development



Lotte explains drop



Ambani is second-richest Asian as debt fuels Reliance growth



Najib: 1MDB has paid RM671mil in company tax since 2013



Genting HK cautions investors on net loss of US$200m



QSR Brands names Azahari as its new MD



Sime Darby sells stake in property company to PNB for RM625m



Ringgit higher against US$



First Proton-Geely car to roll out by end 2018



























advertisement













advertisement


























Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)






























































YeeLin Thum - Selangor, Malaysia, REV Asia Sdn. Bhd., BSc (Hons) Communication & Public Relations, Northumbria University | about.meYeeLin ThumSocial Engagement Specialist, Freelance Writer, and Social Media Manager in Selangor, MalaysiaYeeLin ThumSocial Engagement Specialist, Freelance Writer, and Social Media Manager in Selangor, MalaysiaHire meHello hello!I'm Yee Lin.I work on the community growth, content, email marketing, user engagement, and social media presence of a SAYS.com product - 8Share.I also write on the side and I dabble in data analysis and growth hacking.Articles I've written:Fun, lifestyle, entertainment, travelBeauty, fashion#advertising#copywriting#socialmedia#digital#communicationWorkREV Asia Sdn. Bhd.EducationBSc (Hons) Communication & Public RelationsNorthumbria University



    Pelikan International Corporation Bhd - Company Profile and Financial Analysis
























Login -
  My basket -
  




EUR GBP 


























Pelikan International Corporation Bhd - Company Profile and Financial Analysis

August 2015
26 pages
GlobalData
        

Report ID: 3217691



Summary
Table of contents
Search Inside


SummaryCanadean's "Pelikan International Corporation Bhd - Company Profile and Financial Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, financial ratios, financial analysis, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries.Key FindingsThis report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Pelikan International Corporation Bhd"The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Canadean strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.SynopsisPelikan International Corporation Berhad (Pelikan International) is a manufacturer and distributor of stationery products. The company offers writing instruments, school and hobby products, office supplies, printer consumables and accessories. Its product portfolio includes pen, wax crayons, paint colors, color pencil set, glue stick, correcting roller, stamp pad, text marker, inkjet cartridge, toner powder, toner,  ink cartridge refills, ink and ball pen refills, among others. Pelikan International markets its products under the brand of Pelikan. The company has operations in Germany, France, Hungary, Italy, Spain, the UK, Canada, the US, Costa Rica, Brazil, Peru, Argentina, India, China, Japan, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Algeria, and others. It operates as a subsidiary of Pelikan Vertriebsgesellschaft mbH and Co. KG. Pelikan International is headquartered in Shah Alam, Malaysia.- This business intelligence report presents the key company information, essential to understanding industry challenges and competitors.- The company profile relays all current information about the business operations, including key employees, major products and services, company history, locations and subsidiaries alongside a supporting statement from the Chairman and Managing Director.Reasons To Buy- Enhance your understanding of "Pelikan International Corporation Bhd"- Increase business/sales activities by understanding customers' businesses better.- Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.- Qualify prospective partners, affiliates or suppliers.- Acquire up-to-date company information and an understanding of the company's financial health.Key HighlightsPelikan International Corporation Berhad (Pelikan International) is a manufacturer and distributor of stationery products. The company offers writing instruments, school and hobby products, office supplies, printer consumables and accessories. Its product portfolio includes pen, wax crayons, paint colors, color pencil set, glue stick, correcting roller, stamp pad, text marker, inkjet cartridge, toner powder, toner,  ink cartridge refills, ink and ball pen refills, among others. Pelikan International markets its products under the brand of Pelikan. The company has operations in Germany, France, Hungary, Italy, Spain, the UK, Canada, the US, Costa Rica, Brazil, Peru, Argentina, India, China, Japan, Singapore, Australia, New Zealand, South Africa, Algeria, and others. It operates as a subsidiary of Pelikan Vertriebsgesellschaft mbH and Co. KG. Pelikan International is headquartered in Shah Alam, Malaysia.
	

		Table of Contents1 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad2 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Key Employees3 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Major Products and Services4 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Locations and Subsidiaries4.1 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Head Office4.2 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Other Locations and Subsidiaries5 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Business Analysis5.1 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Company Overview6 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Company Financial Analysis6.1 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators7 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Interim ratios7.1.1 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Financial ratios: Capital Market Ratios7.2 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Financial Performance and Ratio Charts7.2.1 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Revenue and Operating margin7.2.2 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Net Debt vs. Gearing Ratio7.2.3 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Operational Efficiency7.2.4 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Solvency7.3 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Competitive Benchmarking7.3.1 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Efficiency7.3.2 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Turnover: Inventory and Asset7.3.3 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Liquidity8 Appendix8.1 Methodology8.2 Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Ratio Definitions8.3 DisclaimerList of TablesTable 1: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Key EmployeesTable 2: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Major Products and ServicesTable 3: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - SubsidiariesTable 4: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Annual ratiosTable 5: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Interim ratiosTable 6: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Capital Market RatiosList of FiguresFigure 1: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Revenue and Operating ProfitFigure 2: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Net Debt vs. Gearing RatioFigure 3: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Operational EfficiencyFigure 4: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - SolvencyFigure 5: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - EfficiencyFigure 6: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Turnover: Inventory and AssetFigure 7: Pelikan International Corporation Berhad - Liquidity
	







            Loading...
          


            We are very sorry, but an error occurred.
            Please contact support@reportbuyer.com if the problem remains.
          









Immediate delivery






              $ 99 - 1 User License
              

              $ 198 - Site License
              

              $ 297 - Corporate License
              




Get Report
Pay by invoice
Get a quote



 Ahmad helps you find the right report:

+1 718 618 4897
Contact by email




FAQ

Delivery time
User license
Payment options



Testimonials







The market research advisor answered my questions quickly and professionally. ReportBuyer's team did their best to ensure that I felt comfortable before making the investment to purchase the report.


Cristian Nunez
          Director of Corporate Development Chugach Alaska Corporation
        



My overall experience with ReportBuyer today has been very positive, and I must thank you for your patience (...). Also, the sample you sent me and the explanations provided were very helpful.


D. Lescuyer
          Executive Vice President Oral Business at Skyepharma
        



The research specialist was very helpful, and proposed the best content for my needs.
ReportBuyer also offered a great follow-up, thanks for everything !


P. Thompson
          EMEA Managing Director
        



We were satisfied with the support that ReportBuyer's team provided. Thanks to their recommendations, the report we purchased provided exactly what we want.


Y. Wang
          Business Analyst
        



We didn't have time to do the research internally, and thanks to ReportBuyer's team we were able to find the appropriate data.


S. Chen
          Research Coordinator
        



I was impressed by the customer service: it was fast, responsive, and 100% professional !


D. Krivan
          Market Research Analyst
        



The research specialist provided prompt and helpful service. He also followed up to ensure I had all the information to deliver my business development plan.


C. Adams
          Senior Business Development Manager
        












Our reports have been used by over 10K customers, including:









































































Related reports and data













                    Asia Pacific Digital Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    66 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Asia Pacific Digital Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    Asia Business Daily Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    63 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Asia Business Daily Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    Crown Asia Chemicals Corp
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    64 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Crown Asia Chemicals Corp  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    Asia Resources Holdings Limited
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    67 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Asia Resources Holdings Limited  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    Asian Oilfield Services Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    66 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Asian Oilfield Services Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    Asia Cement (China) Holdings Corporation
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Asia Cement (China) Holdings Corporation  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company,...
                                            





More…





        Country=Asia Date=201508 Topic=FinancialAnalysis Publisher=GlobalData Price=1000
    












 










Malaysian media group REV Asia Group acquires Viralcham and Rojaklah


































































































E27

About
Team
Contact Us
Advertise
Privacy Policy



NEWS

Business
Technology
Resource
Investment



CONFERENCES

Echelon Vietnam
Echelon Thailand
Echelon Central Asia
Echelon Indonesia
Echelon Asia Summit Upcoming



FOLLOW US

Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Google+
Youtube
RSS











		 2017 © E27 (Entrepreneurs 27). All Rights Reserved.
	











Business Times Malaysia - 首頁 | Facebook













Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？首頁關於相片影片貼文社群建立粉絲專頁登入 Facebook 即可查看更多 Business Times Malaysia 的內容傳送訊息給這個粉絲專頁，瞭解近期活動和其他內容。登入或註冊登入 Facebook 即可查看更多 Business Times Malaysia 的內容傳送訊息給這個粉絲專頁，瞭解近期活動和其他內容。登入或註冊稍後再說社群查看全部37,536 人說這讚37,317 個人正在追蹤關於查看全部www.nst.com.my新聞媒體網站用戶37,536 個讚更多大家都按讚的專頁The Star Online新聞媒體網站Malaysia Property News不動產StarBiz新聞媒體網站此專頁按讚的粉絲專頁Media Prima LabsBerita Harian OnlineNiexter中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017相片顯示全部影片1MIER 30th Anniversary Dinner1China touts railway tech for HSR project1查看全部貼文Business Times Malaysia · 8 小時前 · Spotify now has 60 million paying subscribers, adding 10 million subscribers in less than five monthsMusic streaming company Spotify has 60 mln paying subscribersSpotify now has 60 million paying subscribers, adding 10 million subscribers in less than five months, a spokeswoman for the music streaming company said on Monday.nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia 分享了 1 條連結。 · 8 小時前 · Khazanah raises RM100m from SRI sukukFrancis Dassnst.com.my顯示全部貼文Business Times Malaysia · 8 小時前 · “If the merger happens, it will fast-track our plan of becoming one of the top four banks in the country,”Merger decision may set tone for Top 4 planBy LIDIANA ROSLI - August 1, 2017 @ 10:43am AMMB Holdings Bhd’s (AmBank Group) merger talks with RHB Bank Bhd, if successful, will result in changes to AmBank’s blueprint to be among Malaysia’s top four banks by 2020. AmBank chief executive officer Datuk Sulaiman Mohd Tahir suggested that the merger...nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 8 小時前 · With the positive earnings growth, MAHB has declared a dividend of five sen a share.MAHB Q2 net profit surges 614pcBy ZARINA ZAKARIAH - August 1, 2017 @ 10:38am MALAYSIA Airports Holdings Bhd (MAHB) recorded a 614 per cent jump in net profit to RM66.93 million in the second quarter, up from RM9.38 million a year earlier, thanks to earnings gained on increased passenger growth. Revenue increased to RM1.1 billion…nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 9 小時前 · PublicInvest Research says that its does not foresee negative earnings surprises and is sticking to its earnings estimates, despite the possibility of loans growth potential coming in lower than anticipated.Indonesian units' performances earn CIMB, Axiata neutral calls: PublicInvestnst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia 分享了 1 條連結。 · 9 小時前 · Oil at two-month highnst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 7月28日 1:17 · Permodalan Nasional Bhd group chairman Tan Sri Abdul Wahid Omar is the new Sime Darby Property chairman.Sime Darby Group announces new leadership lineup for three pure playsKUALA LUMPUR: Sime Darby Group today announced a new leadership lineup for each of its three pure plays, namely Sime Darby Plantation Bhd, Sime Darby Property Bhd, and also the leaner and more focused Sime Darby Bhd itself.nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 7月27日 20:20 · MAS chief executive officer Peter Bellew said even though aircraft manufacturers Airbus and Boeing were offering some improved deals on aircraft during their visit to Kuala Lumpur in the last couple of days, they were still “not good enough”.MAS decision on plane purchase by year-endSEPANG: MALAYSIA Airlines Bhd (MAS) is expected to decide on the purchase of new or second-hand aircraft by the end of the year, said its chief executive officer Peter Bellew.nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 7月27日 20:05 · Beijing Enterprises, through wholly-owned BEWG (M) Sdn Bhd, will carry out a detailed study for six months before submitting a proposal to the state government.Tapping RM2b Johor water dealsCHINESE conglomerate Beijing Enterprises Water Group Ltd is looking into investing RM2 billion in water projects in Johor.nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 7月26日 19:31 · Net profit for the April to June period rose to 11.05 trillion won (US$9.92 billion) from 5.85 trillion won a year ago, the South Korean tech giant said in a statement.Samsung Electronics reports 88.9 percent jump in Q2 net profitSEOUL: Samsung Electronics on Thursday reported an 88.9 percent jump in its second quarter net profit, boosted by demand for its memory chips and a rise in smartphone sales as the firm seeks to move on from last year’s recall debacle.nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 7月25日 22:30 · International Trade and Industry Minister Datuk Seri Mustapa Mohamed said: "This confirms a number of assessments made by research houses, like Nomura, and in fact a number of them are a lot more optimistic than that.Malaysia on track in terms of fiscal consolidation, says MustapaKUALA LUMPUR: The International Monetary Fund's (IMF) upward revision of Malaysia's 2017 GDP forecast to 4.8 per cent shows that the nation is on track in terms of fiscal consolidation.nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 7月24日 21:38 · “Inflation and unemployment have been kept low. We have attracted unprecedented levels of foreign direct investment, which shows the confidence the world has in Malaysia. Our growth has been the envy of the advanced economies, even during years of turmoil for the global economy,"Najib: Malaysia's position of strength thanks to economic plan, tough decisionsKUALA LUMPUR: Malaysia only arrived at a position of strength because the government put in place a far reaching economic plan, and has been unafraid to take tough decisions to build up the economy's resilence.nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 7月23日 23:20 · The IMF explained that the pickup in global growth is on track, following its previous WEO report released in April this year.IMF predicts stronger global growth in 2017, 2018KUALA LUMPUR: Global output is projected to grow by 3.5 per cent in 2017 and 3.6 per cent in 2018, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) revealed in its July World Economic Outlook (WEO) update today.nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 7月23日 22:30 · He said the stronger ringgit has reduced costs for businesses with high import content, decreased the price of imported goods and further promoted domestic spending.Ringgit appreciation has benefitted economy: JohariKUALA LUMPUR: The ringgit appreciated by 4.6 per cent against the US dollar until July 21 this year.nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 7月23日 22:17 · IMF Economic Counsellor and director of Research Department Dr Maurice Obstfeld said the upward revision is based on the country's steady hand in its monetary policy.IMF raises Malaysia's growth forecast to 4.8%KUALA LUMPUR: The International Monetary Fund (IMF) today revised Malaysia's 2017 growth forecast to 4.8 per cent, up from the 4.5 per cent it announced in May.nst.com.myBusiness Times Malaysia · 7月20日 21:10 · Group managing director Datuk Izham Yusoff said the townships will be developed in Jitra and Sungai Petani over 10 years and will add vibrancy in the northern corridor.Bina Darulaman launches RM2.6b projects in KedahKUALA LUMPUR: Bina Darulaman Bhd (BDB) has launched two township projects worth RM2.6 billion in Kedah, responding to a market demand for spaces that offer sociability and lifestyle elements beyond typical homes.nst.com.my查看更多


