
Showa Shell Sekiyu KK (5002.T)  Key Developments | Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Showa Shell Sekiyu KK (5002.T)











Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataEnergyOil & Gas Refining and Marketing













                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				5002.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				1,201JPY
1 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥0


					            (+0.00%)
					        






Prev Close

¥1,201


Open

¥1,210




Day's High

¥1,216


Day's Low

¥1,200




Volume

792,500


Avg. Vol

1,824,159




52-wk High

¥1,246


52-wk Low

¥837











					Latest Key Developments (Source: Significant Developments)




Idemitsu to proceed with new share issue as scheduled
Monday, 17 Jul 2017 11:18pm EDT 
July 18 (Reuters) - Idemitsu Kosan Co Ltd <5019.T>: :Idemitsu Kosan confirms Tokyo court rejection of founding family's petition for injunction against new share issue .Idemitsu says to proceed with new share issue as scheduled . 
			
Full Article





Showa Shell Sekiyu to transfer lubricant business to Tokyo-based lubricant subsidiry
Wednesday, 12 Jul 2017 02:43am EDT 
July 12 (Reuters) - Showa Shell Sekiyu KK <5002.T>:* Says it will transfer lubricant business to Tokyo-based lubricant subsidiary, effective Nov. 1 . 
			
Full Article





Showa Shell Sekiyu establishes split preparatory company
Friday, 12 May 2017 03:33am EDT 
May 12 (Reuters) - Showa Shell Sekiyu KK <5002.T>:* Says it establishes Tokyo-based split preparatory company on May 12, to take over lubricating oil related business in 2017.* Says further details remains to be determined. 
			
Full Article





Idemitsu Kosan says business alliance with Showa Shell Sekiyu
Tuesday, 9 May 2017 02:10am EDT 
May 9(Reuters) - Idemitsu Kosan Co Ltd <5019.T>:Says it has signed an agreement with Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K.<<<5002.T>>> , regarding formation of an alliance between both company groups to enhance and promote business collaboration prior to the business integration of the companies .Says two companies will cooperate in domestic petroleum business, promotion of harmonization, new services from the perspective of customers and social contribution activities . 
			
Full Article





TAKAMISAWA to buy stake in JONEN at 1.04 bln yen
Friday, 24 Mar 2017 02:35am EDT 
TAKAMISAWA Co Ltd <5283.T> : Says it disclosed transaction amount on acquisition of stake in JONEN Corp, as 1.04 billion yen . Transaction date is April 3 .Previous plan was disclosed on Feb. 6. 
			
Full Article





Takamisawa to buy 66.6 pct stake in JONEN
Monday, 6 Feb 2017 01:10am EST 
Takamisawa Co Ltd <5283.T>: Says it to buy 66.6 percent voting rights in JONEN Corp, from Showa Shell Sekiyu KK <5002.T> .Says transaction price to be decided. 
			
Full Article





Idemitsu Kosan and Showa Shell Sekiyu began negotiating capital and business tie-up - Nikkei
Tuesday, 6 Dec 2016 12:12pm EST 
Nikkei: Idemitsu kosan and Showa Shell Sekiyu began negotiating a capital and business tie-up Tuesday - Nikkei . Idemitsu Kosan and Showa Shell Sekiyu will team up to run seven Japanese oil refineries and distribute fuel to around 7,000 stations - Nikkei .Idemitsu Kosan and Showa Shell Sekiyu tie-up is seen boosting combined earnings by around 30 billion yen each year - Nikkei. 
			
Full Article





Idemitsu delays purchase of Showa Shell shares from Shell
Monday, 14 Nov 2016 01:03am EST 
Idemitsu Kosan Co Ltd <5019.T>: Idemitsu says to delay purchase of Showa Shell shares from Royal Dutch Shell . Idemitsu says to delay purchase of Showa Shell shares until Dec-Jan .Idemitsu says to delay share purchase because Japan Fair Trade Commission review remains ongoing. 
			
Full Article





Idemitsu, Showa Shell news conference at 0810 GMT-Jiji
Thursday, 13 Oct 2016 02:22am EDT 
: Idemitsu Kosan <5019.T>, Showa Shell <5002.T> to hold news conference at 0810 GMT - Jiji Further coverage: Japan's Idemitsu to delay planned purchase of Showa Shell - sources [nL4N1CJ1SJ] (Reporting By Chris Gallagher) ((chris.gallagher@thomsonreuters.com;)). 
			
Full Article





Idemitsu Kosan to acquire less of Showa Shell Sekiyu than planned -Nikkei<5002.T><5019.T>
Thursday, 4 Aug 2016 02:57pm EDT 
Nikkei:Idemitsu Kosan thinking of acquiring less of Showa Shell Sekiyu than previously planned, to counter efforts by Idemitsu's founding family to block merger-Nikkei. 
			
Full Article





Previous

Next















					Showa Shell Sekiyu KK News





Idemitsu moves closer to Showa Shell deal after court nod to share sale
TOKYO Idemitsu Kosan Co said it would proceed with a $1.1 billion sale of new shares, after a court rejected the founding family's petition to block the offering, potentially clearing the way for a takeover of Showa Shell Sekiyu.

» More 5002.T News






 Earnings vs.  Estimates





» More Financials















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataEnergyOil & Gas Refining and Marketing























History and Current Refinery Capacity - Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K.













































Jump menu

Secondary Navigation
Main content
Site search
Footer links








This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse this website you are agreeing to our use of cookies.





skip to main content
Japanese site
Shell.com
Contact Us





Enter Search Term:














Secondary Navigation | back to top











Related Link


Japanese Site

















You are here:
Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. > 
Corporate Summary > 
History and Current Refinery Capacity





Main content | back to top



History and Current Refinery Capacity






Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. was established on January 1, 1985, by a merger of equals between Showa Oil Co., Ltd. and Shell Sekiyu K.K. The former was originally established on August 1, 1942, by consolidation amongst three companies: Hayama Oil, Asahi Oil and Niitsu Oil. In April 1949, Showa Oil Co., Ltd. received authorization from Japanese government as an oil distributor and made a return to the business after a respite in the World War II. In June 1949, Showa Oil concluded an agreement with Royal Dutch Shell Group for crude oil import and technical know-how exchange. This relationship was further strengthened in the form of equity participation to Showa Sekiyu K.K. by Royal Dutch Shell Group in June 1951.Shell Sekiyu K.K. started its history in Yokohama in early  Meiji era (around 1876) as an entity called Samuel Company, which was the precursor of  Shell Group in later years. On April 11, 1900, it  spun out its petroleum business section and named it  as Rising Sun Petroleum Company to  handle petroleum import and sales. After ceasing operations for several years around the World War II, it resumed operations in 1949 when Japanese government determined the privatization of petroleum distribution sector. Thus, the two companies had a very close relationship both financially and operationally even before the merger in 1985. In December 2016, Royal Dutch Shell Group withdrew 31.3% of Showa Shell equities out of 35% that it used to hold.
Current Refinery Capacity
The combined capacity of the three Group refineries (Yokkaichi Refinery of Showa Yokkaichi Sekiyu, Keihin Refinery of Toa Oil and Yamaguchi Refinery of Seibu Oil), is 445,000 barrels per day. Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. has introduced state-of-the-art technologies, including fuel oil hydro-desulfurization units, a residue fluid catalytic cracking unit, continuously-regenerated catalyst reforming units, a gasoline isomeration unit and a Flexicoker. At the same time, the company is also fully committed to safety and environmental protection.
Refinery Facilities



Processing Capacity (per stream day)


KEIHIN REFINERY
Mizue Factory
(Toa Oil Co., Ltd.)
YOKKAICHI REFINERY
(Showa Yokkaichi
Sekiyu Co., Ltd.)
YAMAGUCHI REFINERY
(Seibu Oil Co., Ltd.)


70,000BBL 
255,000BBL 
120,000BBL 

(as of February, 2014)





  
back to top









Showa Shell Sekiyu - Wikipedia






















 






Showa Shell Sekiyu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Showa Shell Sekiyu


Showa Shell HQ, Tokyo




Type

Public limited company


Traded as
TYO: 5002


Industry
Oil and gas


Founded
April 11, 1900 (original)
January 1, 1985 (merger)


Headquarters
Daiba Frontier Bldg, 2-3-2, Daiba, Minato-ku, Tokyo 135-8074



Area served

Japan and Worldwide



Key people

Jun Arai
(CEO)
Shigeya Kato
(Chairman)


Products
Petroleum, Natural Gas, Chemicals, LPG, Electric Generation, Solar Power Plant, and Other petrochemicals


Revenue
JP¥ 2,953 billion (2013), aprx US$ 29.53 billion



Number of employees

953


Parent
Royal Dutch Shell


Website
Showa Shell Sekiyu


Showa Shell Sekiyu Kabushiki Kaisha (昭和シェル石油株式会社, Showa Shell Sekiyu Kabushiki Kaisha) is the base of Royal Dutch Shell group in Japan. It was formed by the merger of Showa Oil Company and Shell Sekiyu which was begun around 1876 in Yokohama by Samuel Samuel & Co, the predecessor of Shell Group today. Showa Shell Sekiyu provides oil and energy solution business in Japan and worldwide.[1]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Origins
1.2 20th century


2 Business

2.1 Oil Business
2.2 Energy Solution Business


3 Subsidiaries
4 Sale to Idemitsu Kosan
5 References



History[edit]
Origins[edit]
In 1900, Samuel Samuel & Co, which had started in Japan in 1876 by Samuel Samuel as an international trading business in Yokohama, created an independent petroleum division. It subsequently set up Rising Sun Petroleum Co. Ltd (which later became Shell Petroleum) to expand its distribution channels of candles and kerosene for lamps.
Before long, Samuel Samuel & Co, which expanded as Shell Transport, merged with Royal Dutch to form Royal Dutch/Shell. Rising Sun Petroleum continued to expand its operations as the base of the Shell Group in Japan.
At the same time, oilfields were discovered in Japan along the coast of the Japan Sea primarily in Niigata Prefecture. Hayama Sekiyu and Niitsu Sekiyu, the predecessors of Showa Sekiyu, were established amidst the production of domestic petroleum.
20th century[edit]
In 1947, Rising Sun Petroleum was renamed Shell Sekiyu and resumed business. Starting with a capital agreement between the Shell Group and Showa Sekiyu, domestic oil companies deepened the collaboration with foreign oil companies, and before long were preparing to be a key industry to support the energy needs of the impending recovery period.
Shell Sekiyu and Showa Sekiyu, which had played crucial roles since the dawn of Japan's oil industry, merged in 1985 to form Showa Shell Sekiyu.
Business[edit]
Oil Business[edit]




A Shell petrol station in Hiroshima, Japan


Showa Shell Sekiyu refines crude oil imported from around the world at Group refineries in Japan (Yokkaichi, Keihin, and Yamaguchi; crude oil processing capacity: 445,000 barrels/day), and sells it to customers as gasoline and other oil products at about 3,460 (as of Dec 31, 2013) service stations (SS) throughout Japan. In addition, Showa Shell Sekiyu sells oil products including industrial fuels, LPG, chemicals, lubricants, and bitumen, and utilize the Shell Group's global network to export oil products.
Energy Solution Business[edit]
(1) Solar Business
Showa Shell Sekiyu has developed the technology for manufacturing next-generation CIS thin-film solar panels. The production plants owned by its subsidiary Solar Frontier K.K. have a total annual production capacity of about 1GW, and its CIS modules have been sold in Europe, the U.S., the Middle East, and Asia, as well as Japan. Solar Frontier K.K. is providing a wide range of services from plant engineering to plant operation and further to selling those plants to end-users or investors in relation to the solar power plant development.
(2) Electric Power Business
Ohgishima Power Co., Ltd., as a joint venture with Tokyo Gas Co., Ltd., has been operating two natural gas-fired power plants (Ohgishima Power Stations). Showa Shell Group is producing and selling electricity as environmentally friendly energy sourcing from clean energy.
Subsidiaries[edit]
Showa Shell has a number of subsidiaries and affiliated companies. The company’s major subsidiaries include: its solar panel producer Solar Frontier KK.;[2] Japan Oil Network Co, Ltd.; Showa Shell Sempaku K.K.; Showa Shell Business & It Solutions Ltd.; K.K. Enessance Holdings; Niigata Joint Oil Stockpiling Co., Ltd; Hokkaido Joint Oil Stockpiling Co., Ltd.; Toa Oil Co.,Ltd.; Seibu Oil Co., Ltd.; Oita L.P.G. Joint Stockpiling Co., Ltd.; Shoseki Engineering & Construction Co., Ltd.; Nippon Grease Co., Ltd.; Heiwa Kisen Kaisha, Ltd.; Ohgishima Power Co., Ltd; On-Site Power Co., Ltd.; Showa Yokkaichi Sekiyu Co., Ltd.; And K.K. Svc Tokyo.
Sale to Idemitsu Kosan[edit]
In July 2015 it was announced that Shell would sell its 33.24% stake in the company to Idemitsu Kosan. Shell will keep a 1.8% stake in the company.[3]
References[edit]



^ Showa Shell website Corporate Summary - History and Current Refinery Capacity Retrieved on September 21, 2012
^ Showa Shell website Corporate Summary - Affiliate Companies Retrieved on September 21, 2012
^ Shell website 30 Jul 2015 Shell to sell its shareholding in Showa Shell to Idemitsu Retrieved August 3, 2015







 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Showa_Shell_Sekiyu&oldid=768011153"					
Categories: Oil companies based in TokyoRoyal Dutch ShellAutomotive fuel brandsChemical companies based in TokyoEnergy companies based in TokyoNon-renewable resource companies established in 1900Non-renewable resource companies established in 19851900 establishments in Japan1985 establishments in JapanJapanese brandsCompanies listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeNikkei 225Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing Japanese-language text 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Deutsch日本語Русский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 1 March 2017, at 06:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







    Shell to sell its shareholding in Showa Shell to Idemitsu | Shell Global                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell Global           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches    Safety Data Sheets     Loyalty     Annual Reports     Shell Eco-marathon     Careers      Your recent searches    How can we help?     Job search       Students and graduates       Shell station locator       Shell credit cards                                 Shell to sell its shareholding in Showa Shell to Idemitsu     Jul 30, 2015  Shell has reached an agreement with Idemitsu for the sale of 125,261,200 shares in Showa Shell Sekiyu KK, representing a 33.24% shareholding in the company, for a total amount of JPY 169 billion (approximately US$1.4 billion). Shell will retain a 1.80% holding in the company.           “The sale is consistent with Shell’s strategy to concentrate its Downstream footprint on a smaller number of assets and markets where it can be most competitive,” said John Abbott, Shell Downstream Director. “Idemitsu is an established and successful company and is well positioned to take up Shell’s shareholding.” Shell’s presence in Japan spans more than 100 years and it remains an important LNG market for Shell’s Upstream integrated gas business. It also remains an important market for Shell’s Downstream business conducted in partnership with Showa Shell, including lubricants, chemicals and trading. Shell will continue to license its brand to Showa Shell for use in its retail business. Other recent Downstream divestments include the sale of Downstream businesses in Australia and Italy; a number of retail sites in the UK; and the initial public offering of, and further drop downs to, Shell Midstream Partners L.P. Shell has also agreed the sale of its marketing business in Denmark and Norway and its LPG businesses in France. The transaction is expected to complete in 2016, subject to obtaining regulatory and contractual approval.             Enquiries Shell Media Relations International: +44 207 934 5550 Asia: +86 106 505 4501 ext.2685 Shell Investor Relations +31 70 377 4540             Cautionary note The companies in which Royal Dutch Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate entities. In this announcement "Shell", "Shell Group" and "Royal Dutch Shell" are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Royal Dutch Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise, the words "we", "us" and "our" are also used to refer to subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular company or companies. "Subsidiaries", "Shell subsidiaries" and "Shell companies" as used in this announcement refer to companies in which Shell either directly or indirectly has control, by having either a majority of the voting rights or the right to exercise a controlling influence. The companies in which Shell has significant influence but not control are referred to as "associated companies" or "associates" and companies in which Shell has joint control are referred to as "jointly controlled entities". In this announcement, associates and jointly controlled entities are also referred to as "equity-accounted investments". The term "Shell interest" is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in a venture, partnership or company, after exclusion of all third-party interest. This announcement contains forward looking statements concerning the financial condition, results of operations and businesses of Shell and the Shell Group. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell and the Shell Group to market risks and statements expressing management's expectations, beliefs, estimates, forecasts, projections and assumptions. These forward looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "goals", "intend", "may", "objectives", "outlook", "plan", "probably", "project", "risks", "seek", "should", "target", "will" and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and the Shell Group and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward looking statements included in this announcement, including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell's products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets, and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative, fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks, including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities, delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; and (m) changes in trading conditions. All forward looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward looking statements. Additional factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell's 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2014 (available at  www.shell.com/investor  and  www.sec.gov ). These factors also should be considered by the reader.  Each forward looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement, 30 July 2015. Neither Shell nor any of its subsidiaries nor the Shell Group undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking statement as a result of new information, future events or other information. In light of these risks, results could differ materially from those stated, implied or inferred from the forward looking statements contained in this announcement.           Share this    Google+    Facebook    Twitter    LinkedIn            More in Media                 Contact Media Relations   Find out how to contact our Media Relations team across the world.                Follow us   Keep up to date with developments at Shell via email alerts, Twitter and our Investor and Media app.       Media releases Image and video library Speeches and articles Annual Reports and publications Follow us Contact Media Relations          You might also be interested in                 Investors   Keep up to date with our share price, quarterly results and upcoming events.                Our major projects   Shell’s major projects show our technology and expertise in action.                                  




Showa Shell Posts Impairment Loss as Solar Frontier Profit Shrinks - News - Solar Power Plant Business






























TOP
News
Visit to Plant
Special
Contact us
Japanese
NIKKEI TECHNOLOGY









HOME
News
Showa Shell Posts Impairment Loss as Solar Frontier Profit Shrinks





Showa Shell Posts Impairment Loss as Solar Frontier Profit Shrinks


2017/02/10 14:53

Kenji Kaneko, Nikkei BP CleanTech Institute


















Solar Frontier's new product for residential houses (source: Solar Frontier)



Showa Shell Sekiyu KK announced Feb 6, 2017, that it will register a fixed asset impairment loss (extraordinary loss) of ¥10.7 billion (approx US$94.4 million) for the consolidated results of the term ending in December 2016 in the wake of the business downturn of Solar Frontier KK (Minato-ku, Tokyo).

The profitability of Solar Frontier is drastically lowering due to the worsening of its business environment. According to Showa Shell Sekiyu, the fixed assets of the Kunitomi Plant in Miyazaki Prefecture, which is Solar Frontier's main factory, are showing a sign of an impairment loss. Therefore, Showa Shell Sekiyu decided to post an impairment loss of ¥10.7 billion for the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ending Dec 31, 2016, as an extraordinary loss.

Nevertheless, in the consolidated earnings of Showa Shell Sekiyu, the increase in the amount of the financial impact of inventory valuation caused by the higher-than-expected oil price, etc offset the extraordinary loss. As a result, Showa Shell Sekiyu's operating profit and ordinary profit are expected to be higher than the previous forecasts.

Solar Frontier's business environment is worsening mainly because the price of solar panels in overseas market is sharply dropping. China-based solar panel manufactures that have excessive production capacities are reportedly selling their products aggressively by cutting prices.

Solar Frontier recently built the Tohoku Plant, aiming to achieve "one of the world's highest cost competitivenesses" higher than that of the Kunitomi Plant. But it is not in full operation yet.

Therefore, Solar Frontier is making efforts to, for example, tap the market for residential panels in Japan, which is relatively profitable (See related article), by, for example, releasing a new product for residential use.






News






About this web site
Staff
Advisory staff
Contact us

















Most Popular Articles from NIKKEI TECHNOLOGY



Subaru Unveils ADAS of New 'Levorg'


Toyohashi City Sets Up Japan's Largest Composite-type Biomass Facilities


Toyota Adds Turbo Engine Model to 'Harrier' SUV


[Auto Expo 2008] Bajaj's 100,000 Rupee Car 'Lite' Resembles Japanese Light Car


Mazda CX-5's HUD Projects Image on Windshield


Honda to Launch HEV Model of 'Step WGN' Minivan


'Single-tube Pipes' Used to Secure Strength of Solar Mounting System


Solar Power Plant Starts Operation on Former 'Salt Magnate' Property


'Pepper' Humanoid Robot Teardown (4)


Personal Mobility Device Changes Into 4 Forms










Copyright © 2017 Nikkei Business Publications, Inc. All rights reserved.
All editorial content and graphics on this Web site may not be reproduced in whole or in part without the express permission of the copyright owner.



﻿









    Our business | Shell Japan                                                Skip to main content        Home - Shell in Japan           Search     What are you looking for?     Submit      Top searches   Your recent searches                                 Our business    There are currently three companies using the Shell brand in Japan: Shell Japan Ltd., Shell Chemicals and the publicly listed company Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. Shell Japan looks after Integrated Gas business and Project & Technology.                 Shell Japan Ltd.              Integrated Gas & New Energies In Integrated Gas and New Energies, we focus on liquefying natural gas (LNG) and converting gas to liquids (GTL) so that it can be safely stored and shipped to markets around the world. The New Energies business has been established to explore and invest in new low-carbon opportunities. Today, more than ever, energy powers human civilisation. At the same time, the world needs to mitigate the threat of climate change by reducing greenhouse gas emissions. An affordable, environmentally acceptable and technically proven option to power and sustain people’s lives is to increase the world’s reliance on natural gas, the cleanest-burning fossil fuel. Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) Shell has been a pioneer in liquefied natural gas (LNG) for more than 50 years. In 2015, Shell sold 22.6mt of equity LNG globally, which is about a 9% share of global LNG sales. In 2015, Japan imported a total of 85mtpa of LNG, which is about 35% of globally traded LNG. Shell is a leading LNG provider to Japan and has been supplying the country through joint venture projects such as Brunei LNG, North West Shelf, Malaysia LNG, Oman LNG and Sakhalin Energy, as well as directly from Shell’s portfolio of LNG. Shell works with Japanese partners across both Upstream and LNG, and Shell Japan coordinates a wide range of activities between Shell and these partners. Visit Shell global LNG website New Business Development Shell Japan is working closely with a wide range of Shell businesses and Japanese companies in pursuing new business opportunities. These include LNG for transport projects and identifying new market opportunities for GTL products. The team is also working with the Shell Future Energy Technology team on a liquid hydrogen shipping and terminal project. Visit Shell GTL website Project & Technology Shell’s Projects & Technology organization provides technical services and technology capability in upstream and downstream activities. It manages the delivery of major projects, helps to improve performance across the company, and drive research and innovation to create tomorrow’s technology solutions. Projects and Technology also houses safety & environment and contracting & procurement as these are integral to all our activities. Shell Japan's Projects and Technology division manages the relationships with important Japanese stakeholders related to the group’s projects & technology activities. Visit Shell Global Solutions website   Corporate Summary    Company Name: Shell Japan Limited   Foundation: 20th December, 2005   Office Address: Pacific Century Place Marunouchi, 1-11-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo   Capital: JPY 55 million   Main Activity: Provision of advice and support for Royal Dutch Shell’s Integrated Gas and Project and Technology businesses in Japan.   Shareholder: Shell Group 100%   President and Representative Director: Chris Gunner   Director: Michio Aoki   Director: Michiel Buysing Damste              Shell Chemicals Japan Ltd.         Shell Chemicals Japan Ltd. was established on 1 August 2001 by integrating the chemicals businesses in Japan owned by the Shell Group and Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. Shell Chemicals Japan is a 100% subsidiary company of the Shell Group in Japan, and has operated the chemicals business in Japan as a member of Shell Chemicals for about half a century. In August 2001, we changed our company name from Shell Japan to Shell Chemicals Japan Ltd. when the chemical businesses of Shell Group and Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. were integrated. In addition, the trading business of oil products and petrochemical products of Showa Shell Sekiyu was transferred to Shell Chemicals Japan Ltd. in August 2007. We are convinced that stable product supply of high quality and low cost services can be provided to our customers by utilizing the global business experience, network, business resources of the Shell Group and the strength of Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. as a manufacturer. The Shell Group recognises Asia as an important market. In Shell Chemicals Japan, we are making our best effort to create further value while understanding the needs of customers precisely and responding to a structural change of Asian and Japanese chemical industries with high flexibility. We are looking forward to growing our business together with you.   Corporate Summary    Company Name: Shell Chemicals Japan Ltd.   Foundation: 21st June, 1963   Office Address: Daiba Frontier Building, 2-3-2 Daiba, Minato-ku, Tokyo   Capital: JPY 250 million   Main Activity: Import, Export & Sales of Petrochemicals, and Trading of Oil Products   Shareholder: Shell Group 100%   President and Representative Director: Chris Gunner   Deputy President: Shoichi Watanabe    Visit the Shell Chemicals Global web site            Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K.         Showa Shell Sekiyu Group's goal is to support its customers and society as a global energy company supplying safe and sustainable energy, with Oil and Energy Solutions Business as its two main businesses such as Energy Solutions Business and Electric Power Business. Visit the Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. website                   Share this    Google+    Facebook    Twitter    LinkedIn            More in About us                 Who we are   Learn about our business and people, and how we grew from a small shop in London nearly 200 years ago.                What we do   Shell is an integrated energy company that aims to meet the world’s growing demand for energy in ways that are economically, environmentally and socially responsible.       Our values The Shell brand Reports and publications History of Shell          You might also like                 Media   View our latest news and media releases from Shell Japan Limited and Shell Chemicals Japan.                Contact us   If you have any comments for Shell in Japan or on Shell-branded products and services, please contact us                Reports and publications   Download Shell annual reports and our other publications, or view them online.                                  

	Market Report: Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. (5002) - Clean Technology - Deals and Alliances Profile

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. (5002) - Clean Technology - Deals and Alliances Profile

     
                        Jun 25, 2015 - GlobalData 
                    
                - 28 pages 
                - USD $250 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Companies


Request Details


Related







Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. (Showa Shell) is an independent energy company, which carries out crude oil procurement, refining and sale of refined oil products. It also sells propane gas, lubricants and electricity. Its product portfolio includes gasoline, diesel, heavy oil, xylene, benzene, propylene, butane and heating oil. Showa Shell also produces and markets liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) products and special products such as clean butane, clean auto, bitumen, compounds for construction material, and fuel and lubricants for jets and vessels. It also operates in the solar sector through a portfolio of panels and systems. Showa Shell is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.The company's strategic intent is to expand its business portfolio in the solar energy sector. In line with this approach, the company started the construction of a mega solar plant in Nakagawa, Japan.Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. (5002) - Clean Technology - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed information on Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnership transactions recorded by the company over a five year period. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals and their value categorized into deal types, sub-sector and regions.GlobalData derived the data presented in this report from proprietary in-house Clean Technology eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research.ScopeFinancial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships.Deals by Year - Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and value reported by the company by year, for a five year period.Deals by Type - Chart and table depicting information including the number of deals and value reported by the company by type such as Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offering etc.Deals by Region - Chart and table presenting information on the number of deals and value reported by the company by region, which includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa and South and Central America.Deals by Sub-sector - Chart and table showing information on the number of deals and value reported by the company, by sub-sector.Major Deals - Information on the company's major financial deals. Each such deal has a brief summary, deal type, deal rationale; and deal financials and target Company's (major public companies) key financial metrics and ratios.Business Description - A brief description of the company's operations.Key Employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Important Locations and Subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key centers of operation and subsidiaries of the company.Key Competitors - A list of the key competitors of the company.Key Recent Developments - A brief on recent news about the company.Reasons to BuyGet detailed information on the company's financial deals that enable you to understand the company's expansion/divestiture and fund requirementsThe profile enables you to analyze the company's financial deals by region, by year, by business segments and by type, for a five year period.Understand the company's business segments' expansion / divestiture strategyThe profile presents deals from the company's core business segments' perspective to help you understand its corporate strategy.Access elaborate information on the company's recent financial deals that enable you to understand the key deals which have shaped the companyDetailed information on major recent deals includes a summary of each deal, deal type, deal rationale, deal financials and Target Company's key financial metrics and ratios.Equip yourself with detailed information about the company's operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company's business structure, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and key competitors.Stay up-to-date on the major developments affecting the companyRecent developments concerning the company presented in the profile help you track important events.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business researchKey elements such as break up of deals into categories and information on detailed major deals are incorporated into the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.
Table of ContentsTable of ContentsList of TablesList of FiguresShowa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology Deals By Type, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals By Sector, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals Summary, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deal DetailsAsset PurchaseShowa Shell Sekiyu To Invest US$164 Million In Biomass Power Plant In Kanagawa, JapanShowa Shell Sekiyu Invests US$8 Million In Solar Power Plant In Niigata, JapanPartnershipsSolar Frontier Forms Partnership with New Energy for the World for Development of Solar Power Plant in UKSolar Frontier To Form Partnership With Shoseki Engineering & Construction And BelectricCosmo Oil, Showa Shell Sekiyu And Development Bank Of Japan To Form Joint VentureBelectric And Solar Frontier Form Joint VentureShowa Shell Enters Into Joint Venture With Saudi AramcoAsset TransactionsSolar Frontier To Sell Kunitomi Solar Power Project in Miyazaki, Japan to Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and BankingShowa Shell Sekiyu K.K. - Key CompetitorsKey EmployeesLocations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeOther Locations & SubsidiariesRecent DevelopmentsOperations UpdatesAug 06, 2014: Showa Shell Sekiyu Approves Unification of Solar Assets Under Solar FrontierFinancial AnnouncementsNov 11, 2014: Showa Shell Sekiyu Third Quarter Results For 2014Other Significant DevelopmentsMar 03, 2015: Showa Shell Sekiyu: Notice On Name, Corporate Logo, Personnel Announcement And Organization For New Integrated LP Gas Import And Wholesale CompanyAppendixMethodologyAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimerList of TablesShowa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Key Facts, 2014Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals Summary, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology Deals By Type, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Deals By Sector, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals Summary, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu To Invest US$164 Million In Biomass Power Plant In Kanagawa, JapanShowa Shell Sekiyu Invests US$8 Million In Solar Power Plant In Niigata, JapanSolar Frontier Forms Partnership with New Energy for the World for Development of Solar Power Plant in UKSolar Frontier To Form Partnership With Shoseki Engineering & Construction And BelectricCosmo Oil, Showa Shell Sekiyu And Development Bank Of Japan To Form Joint VentureBelectric And Solar Frontier Form Joint VentureShowa Shell Enters Into Joint Venture With Saudi AramcoSolar Frontier To Sell Kunitomi Solar Power Project in Miyazaki, Japan to Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and BankingShowa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Key CompetitorsShowa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Key EmployeesShowa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Other LocationsShowa Shell Sekiyu K.K., SubsidiariesList of FiguresShowa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals by Type, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals By Sector, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals by Type, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K., Clean Technology, Deals by Sector, 2009 to YTD 2015
Companies Mentioned in this ReportShowa Shell Sekiyu K.K. (5002)
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: Single User PDF - Delivered by Email 
$250  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.




















Showa Yokkaichi Sekiyu Co., Ltd. | Mitsubishi Corporation










































Showa Yokkaichi Sekiyu Co., Ltd.


Showa Yokkaichi Sekiyu Co., Ltd. was established jointly by Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. and Mitsubishi Corporation (MC) in 1957. The company is one of the largest oil refiners in Japan, equipped with highly sophisticated facilities. MC has 20 percent equity of the company and obtains certain volume of its own petroleum products through a consignment refining arrangement with the company. The company has a significant strategic role in MC's petroleum business activities.

















  5002:Tokyo Stock Quote - Showa Shell Sekiyu KK - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Showa Shell Sekiyu KK   5002:JP   Tokyo        1,201.0JPY   0.0   0.00%     As of 2:00 AM EDT 8/1/2017     Open   1,210.0    Day Range   1,200.0 - 1,216.0    Volume   792,500    Previous Close   1,201.0    52Wk Range   837.0 - 1,246.0    1 Yr Return   32.58%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1,210.0    Day Range   1,200.0 - 1,216.0    Volume   792,500    Previous Close   1,201.0    52Wk Range   837.0 - 1,246.0    1 Yr Return   32.58%    YTD Return   10.49%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   11.92    Earnings per Share (JPY) (TTM)   100.8    Market Cap (b JPY)   452.597    Shares Outstanding  (m)   376.850    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.25    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   3.16%        Sector Energy   % Price Change +0.21%     Industry Energy   % Price Change +0.21%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     4/11/2017   Solar Frontier Americas Completes the Sale of 40 MW Solar Power Project to Dominion    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Showa Shell Sekiyu K.K. imports, refines, and distributes petroleum and petroleum products.    Address  2-3-2 DaibaMinato-Ku, 135-8074Japan   Phone  81-3-5531-5594   Website   www.showa-shell.co.jp     Executives Board Members    Tsuyoshi Kameoka  President/Group CEO    Tomonori Okada  Executive Vice President    Yuri Inoue  Corporate Executive Officer    Katsuaki Shindome  Corporate Executive Officer    Kenichi Morishita  Corporate Executive Officer     Show More         