





Agile Mobile home page
























Home
About Us
Support
Contact Us














Agile Messenger 3 


The #1 all-in-one MSN®, AIM®, Yahoo!®, ICQ® & GoogleTalk® Instant Messaging client for your mobile phone! 


 Agile Messenger is the worlds most feature rich and user friendly all-in-one mobile IM client, enabling you to send instant text, photo, voice and video messages to your MSN®, AIM®, Yahoo!®, ICQ® & Google® contacts, directly from your mobile. 





iPhone
BlackBerry
Android
Nokia
Sony Ericsson
Windows Mobile
Palm Pre


 



Smart Software for Smart Phones
Agilemobile.com Ltd. Is a developer of software for Smart Phones, with a primary focus in instant Messaging  software.  Agile Messenger, our flagship product, is the world’s most widely used instant Messaging client for Smart Phones. The software is available for all modern mobile operating systems and supports ICQ®, AOL®, Yahoo! ®, MSN®, Windows Live Messenger®, Google Talk® and XMPP.


Agilemobile.com is a privately owned ISV headquartered in Bangkok, Thailand. Agilemobile.com specializes in developing and deploying, innovative Instant Messaging and Presence solutions for mobile devices. Our innovative solutions have been deployed by many of the world's largest mobile operators and are relied upon by millions of users every day. 
					


Custom IM Client Development Services
Agile Mobile develops custom branded IM clients for mobile operators, service providers and device manufactures. Supported protocols include: XMPP / Jabber, SIP/SIMPLE and IMPS.
				  
..........................................................................
Agile Messenger Now Available for iPhone
Agile Messenger now available for iPhone





Product Information
Select your device for product information, screenshot and download information.



Apple IPhone Software
Blackberry Software
Google Andoird Software
Window Mobile Software
Nokia Series 60 Software
Sony Ericssion UIQ Software
Palm Pre Software



 















© 2009 AgileMobile Inc. All rights reserved.














LG Electronics UK | Consumer & Home Electronics from LG | LG UK





























 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 





























To properly experience our LG.com website, you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).


The LG.com website utilises responsive design to provide convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience our LG.COM website please follow below instructions.
If you’re using Internet Explorer 8 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE9 or greater).
If you’re using Internet Explorer 9 and higher, turn off your Internet Explorer browser’s “Compatibility View settings” by following steps below:

Right click at the top of your browser and make sure the “Menu Bar” option is selected
Select “Tools” from the menu bar and then select “Compatibility View settings”
In the pop-up menu uncheck all three boxes and click “Close”
Your browser window will automatically refresh and you’ll be ready to go







Skip to Contents




For Consumer
For Business




            LG SIGNATURE        Products    TV & Home Entertainment      Mobile      Appliances      Computer Products       Previous Next     Support         Search         Search  Search       


    LG Magazine       Sign In   Welcome   Sign out         Ireland, United Kingdom   UK / English    
















Innovative andStill Practical!


				A++ Rated InstaView Door-in-Door Refrigerator with Non-Plumbed Water and Ice Dispenser



Find Out More


















 





Find Out More


















LG TONE Range


				The ultimate in Wireless Wearable Listening
				


Find Out All Tone Range


















Simplicity. Perfection.


				Wallpaper TV, a technological and design first.
				


Discover LG SIGNATURE OLED TV W


















Best of the bestat CES 2017


					All eyes on LG SIGNATURE OLED TV Wwith its amazing technology and design.
				


See more awards and accolades


















Wash Two Loads of Clothes at Once


					Save time and effort as you enjoy efficient laundry days, by having the ability to wash two loads of clothes in one go.



Find Out More


















The Professional-Grade


				Use multiple professional tools and View more detailed visuals with total immersion.
				


Find Out More


















TV & Home Entertainment







Browse all of our TVs, from LED to OLED, and find the right one for you.







MOBILES







For work or play, find the smartphone fit for you.







AUDIO







Find high-quality audio and sleek design with LG speakers. 







APPLIANCES







Rediscover domestic appliances with innovative products from LG.







MONITORS







View inspiring LG monitors, ideal for productivity to gaming and graphics.







BUSINESS







Take your business to the next level with commercial appliances and more. 




















THE BIG SCREEN THAT FITS IN YOUR HAND.












Centum System™ Washing Machine












LG Soundbar SJ9
















The Ultimate Entertainment Package












LG G6 - Find Out More












All Fridge Freezers
















Super UHD 4K TVs












21:9 UltraWide Monitor












5 Year Warranty

















OLED Brand Story










LG Product Service and Support
Get your questions answered about product setup, use and care, repair and maintenance issues.  We can help.






Email
Send an Email to LG Customer Support to receive a response from an LG support representative.







Phone
Call an LG Support Representative onUK : 0344-847-5454IE : 01-686-9454Monday to Saturday: 9am to 6pmSunday: ClosedBank Holidays: Closed







Live Chat
Monday to Saturday: 9am to 5pmSunday: ClosedBank Holidays: ClosedYou can chat with LG Support Representative in real time!








The CES Innovation Awards are based upon descriptive materials submitted to the judges. CTA did not verify the accuracy of any submission or of any claims made and did not test the item to which the award was given.Life’s about more than having the latest technology. It’s about the experiences technology creates. From TVs and home appliances to mobile phones and computer products, LG UK delivers consumer electronics that let you embrace life and prepare you for its greatest moments. LG Electronics UK designs consumer electronics that are intuitive, responsive and energy efficient so you can spend wisely, be more productive and lessen the impact on the world around you. We’re committed to providing electronics that work best for the way you live and to keeping you updated with the latest technological advances. After all, life’s better when you’re prepared.


 






































SITO Mobile













































We Connect retailers and brands with consumers
					

 We drive foot traffic into your store or to your product
 We build customer loyalty and sales
 We deliver attribution and acquisition






 sales@sitomobile.com 201-275-0555




learnmore

















Location based advertising
Growing faster than any other Ad channel





 sales@sitomobile.com
					

 201-275-0555
					















Real-time Verified Walk-in
Real-time In-store Attribution
VWI platform provides closed-loop attribution and reporting, identifying consumers who have interacted with an ad on their mobile device and then walked into a physical location – all in real-time.

Device Level AttributionPerformed at device level using a 1:1 match
Custom Attribution WindowsTrack walk-ins post ad exposure from 1 hour to 30-days
Real-time OptimizationUtilize data to optimize campaigns in real-time







Improve campaign performance and increase ROI by driving more foot traffic at brick and mortar stores





 sales@sitomobile.com
					

 201-275-0555
					













Influencing your customers path to purchase














 sales@sitomobile.com 201-275-0555





learnmore















Labs Reporting
Location, Audience and Behavior Sciences
Always On
SITO's location, audience and behavior data enables companies to measure how their audience changes on a monthly basis.
Better understand what categories your audience indexes high for each month, then benchmark to track audience profile changes based on exposure to ad campaigns or events.
Customized SITO LABS reports provide a transparent, in-depth analysis of your audience, breaking down location, purchase and demographic data against multiple control groups for selected targeted audiences.




Demographics
							


Locations
							




Behaviors
							


Purchases
							







12 Monthly Reports


Utilize location and behavior data to:

Optimize campaigns
Better understand your audience
Increase ROI







 sales@sitomobile.com
					

 201-275-0555
					















Your Opportunity
If you are a smart entrepreneurial thinker who charges into each day with curiosity, optimism and a passion for what you do, we want to hear from you.











Join Us





 sales@sitomobile.com 201-275-0555
















Name






Company






Email Address






Phone Number






Message








Send





SITO Mobile


 sales@sitomobile.com
 201-275-0555
					


 Jersey City, NJ
						



 New York, NY
						



 Los Angeles, CA
						










Contact SITO Mobile





Name






Company






Email Address






Phone Number






Message








Send






 New Jersey 201-275-0555


 New York 201-275-0555



 Los Angeles 323-510-1500



 sales@sitomobile.com























Terms of Use; Mobile Messaging Services
"We," "our," "us," and "SITO Mobile" or "SITO" refer to SITO Mobile LTD., and its subsidiaries and affiliates, as well as any other person or entity providing any equipment, applications or content to you from us, or on our behalf.
Please note that your use of our services constitutes your unconditional agreement ("Agreement") to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions. We reserve the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. Your use of our services following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions as changed.
Mobile Messaging Services
SITO Mobile provides messaging delivery services for its customers to mobile device end users. Our messaging programs deliver content to the intended recipients in a manner consistent with generally accepted industry guidelines. As we are a service provider to our customers we must comply with their adopted policies and practices.
General industry standards of conduct adopted by the majority of our customers and conduct standards we have adopted when we administrate a program include:
Opt–In Policy
We and our customers require that the recipients of messaging content Opt-In to receive such messaging content. This process can be through various means including but not limited to message send from a mobile device, point of sale, website interaction, written authorization or other interaction indicating ascent to receive recurring messaging content or a limited scope delivery of content.
After opt-in to a recurring program, a confirmation message is sent to the recipient containing, a Service description, Additional costs (e.g. Msg & Data Rates May Apply and any monthly fees), Frequency of messaging, Customer support information (HELP) and Opt-Out information (STOP)
Opt-Out Policy

After opt-out to a program, a confirmation message is typically sent to the recipient indicating their participation in the program was terminated and will no longer receive additional messages from the related program.
Other methods of Opt-out may be available for a program including but not limited to a call to Customer Support (HELP), point of sale, website interaction, written authorization or other interaction indicating ascent to receive recurring messaging content or a limited scope delivery of content.
"HELP" – Customer Service and Support
Recipients of messaging content will have received Customer support information (HELP) instructions in their initial confirmation at Opt-In, subsequent messaging or confirmation of Opt-Out. These instructions provide means by which customers may receive assistance to resolve any issues they may have encountered relating to the messaging services provided.
The options may include but are not limited to messaging commands (HELP), phone numbers, URL's, and email addresses that can provide the necessary support to resolve the issue.
A request for HELP will receive program details which include, the Identity of program sponsor (The program name, company name, or brand associated with the campaign), Customer support information which may include a toll-free number, Web address, or e-mail address, a Service description of the program and Opt-out information.
Examples
Example-Opt-In Disclosure: By entering your phone number, you certify that you are the account holder or have account holder's permission to do so. Mobile Alerts are a monthly subscription. There is no additional charge for this service; however Msg & Data rates may apply. You authorize automated marketing messages to be sent to you and you understand that your consent is not required for any purchase. With your subscription, you will receive up to 4 messages per week. You may opt out at any time by texting STOP to [short code]. For help, text HELP to [short code] or call [toll free number]. Mobile Alerts available on AT&T, Cricket, Metro PCS, Sprint, T-Mobile® and Verizon Wireless. Product is not compatible with all cell phone models. The carriers and SITO Mobile are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. In addition to these terms, your use of this service is bound by the Terms of Use available at [URL]. For more information, see our full Privacy Policy at the Service site: http://sitomobile.com/
Example- Opt-In Confirmation Message: "Thanks for using #ADC! You're signed up for ADC Product Alerts only $x.xx/mo. Up to 2 Msgs/wk. Msg & Data rates may apply. Reply HELP for help, STOP to Cancel"
Example-Content Message: "#ADC Product Alerts. $x.xx/mo. Up to 2 Msgs/wk. Msg & Data rates may apply. Call #ADC [toll free number] and press 0 for more Help. Reply STOP to cancel."
Example-Help Message: "#ADC Product Alerts. $x.xx/mo. Up to 2 Msgs/wk. Msg & Data rates may apply. Call #ADC [toll free number] and press 0 for more Help. Reply STOP to cancel."
Example-Opt-Out Confirmation Message: "ADC Product Alerts. You're out & will not receive additional messages or charges. Reply HELP for Help or call #ADC then 0."
Example-Error Message: "ADC Product Alerts. Sorry we didn't understand your text. Reply HELP for Help or call #ADC then 0. Reply STOP to Cancel."
Information About You
Any information that we collect or generate about you is subject to disclosure in a manner that is consistent with these Terms and Conditions or our Privacy Statement, and you have no expectation of privacy with respect to that information. We may, in our sole discretion, release information that we have about you when required to do so by law or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate harm to a person or property requires disclosure.
GENERAL
This Agreement represents the complete agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the other terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of us to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit our rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under Nevada law. Any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or your use of our services must be brought in the state or federal courts of Nevada.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of our services.
DISCLAIMER
THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY SITO MOBILE ARE ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES OR THE INFORMATION OR CONTENT, INCLUDED WITH THE SERVICES TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICES, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THIS DISCLAIMER CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL SINGLETOUCH OR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF CONTENT, OR DEVICE FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF SITO MOBILE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Contacting Us
Our mobile messaging services provide clear instructions on how to obtain customer service (HELP) or terminate the specific service (STOP), please review the messaging content carefully as it will provide the fastest service. In the event your issues are not resolved by following the instructions provided with the messaging content, you may contact us directly by email at support@sitomobile.com or toll free at 877-784-2777.
#7486 (SITO): By dialing #SITO (#7486) you can receive office locations and contact information, video about SITO, investor relations information, or other exciting events happening at SITO Mobile or you can be connected to a SITO Mobile representative! Airtime, Msg & Data Rates May Apply. Users must be 18 or older to use #SITO service. To opt out at any time, reply 'STOP' from any text message that you have received from the service. Reply HELP for Help or call #SITO then press 0. SITO is available on Verizon Wireless, AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile®  and other local carrier subscribers. Product is not compatible with all cell phone models. The carriers and SITO Mobile are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. In addition to these terms, your use of this service is bound by the sitomobile.com Terms of Use. For more information, see our full Privacy Policy at: http://sitomobile.com/
SITO Transactional (FTEU): Send the keyword 'SITO' to one of the short codes listed below and find out the latest information regarding SITO Mobile. Free to end user. You will receive up to 3 messages per query. To opt out at any time, reply 'STOP' from any text message that you have received from the service. For help, text 'HELP' to any text message that you have received from the service. Product is not compatible with all cell phone models. The carriers and SITO Mobile are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. In addition to these terms, your use of this service is bound by the sitomobile.com Terms of Use. For more information, see our full Privacy Policy at: http://sitomobile.com/.
This program is available on T-Mobile® on Short Codes '90700' and '96879'.
SITO Transactional (Standard): Send the keyword 'SITO' to one of the short codes listed below and find out the latest information regarding SITO Mobile. Messaging and Data Rates may apply. You will receive 1 message per query. To opt out at any time, reply 'STOP' from any text message that you have received from the service. For help, text 'HELP' to any text message that you have received from the service. Product is not compatible with all cell phone models. The carriers and SITO Mobile are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. In addition to these terms, your use of this service is bound by the sitomobile.com Terms of Use. For more information, see our full Privacy Policy at: http://sitomobile.com/ This program is available on: Verizon Wireless on Short Codes: '25058', '35789', '37374', '38861' '41820', '45444', '50839', '52101' '90700', '96278' and ‘96879’; ATT on Short Codes: '25058', '35789', '37374', '45444', '52101' '50839' and '96278'; T-Mobile®  on Short Codes: '25058', '35789', '37374', '38861', '41820', '45444', '50839', '52101', '60630' and '96278'; Sprint, Appalachian, Cellular South, Chariton Valley, Cincinnati Bell, DTC, Duet, Element Mobile, Epic Touch, Hawkeye, Leaco, Mobi PCS, MTA, Panhandle Telecommunications, Peoples Wireless, Pine Cellular, Pioneer, Plateau Wireless, RINA, SI Wireless, Sprocket Wireless, Union and United Wireless on Short Code '37374'; Cricket on Short Codes: '25058', '35789', '37374' '38861', '41820' '52101' and '96278'; CSpire, U.S. Cellular, MetroPCS, Cincinnati Bell, CellCom and Ntelos on Short Code '37374', '96278' and '96879'; Virgin Mobile and Boost on Short Code '41820', '96278' and '96879'.
SITO Transactional (Standard): Send the keyword 'SITO' to one of the short codes listed below and find out the latest information regarding SITO Mobile. You will receive 1 message per query. To opt out at any time, reply 'STOP' from any text message that you have received from the service. For help, text 'HELP' to any text message that you have received from the service.  Product is not compatible with all cell phone models. The carriers and SITO Mobile are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.  In addition to these terms, your use of this service is bound by the sitomobile.com Terms of Use. For more information, see our full Privacy Policy at: http://sitomobile.com/. This program is available on Sprint on Short Codes: '25058', '35789', '50839' and '52101'.
Ironbound Subscription (Standard):  Customers that call into #TAXI in the Newark New Jersey area consent to be sent a message allowing them to opt-in to receive automated marketing messages from the Ironbound district, consent not required to purchase. Customers may also send the keyword 'DINE' to short code 60630. You will receive up to 2 messages a week. To opt out at any time, reply 'STOP' to short code 60630. For help, text 'HELP' to short code 60630 or call 877-784-2777. Product is not compatible with all cell phone models. The carriers and SITO Mobile are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. In addition to these terms, your use of this service is bound by the sitomobile.com Terms of Use. For more information, see our full Privacy Policy at: http://sitomobile.com/.
SITO Transactional (Standard MMS): Send the keyword 'SITOMMS' to short codes 25058 to receive the SITO Mobile logo. You will receive 1 message per request. Msg & Data Rates May Apply. To opt out at any time, reply 'STOP' from any text message that you have received from the service. For help, text 'HELP' to any text message that you have received from the service. Product is not compatible with all cell phone models. The carriers and SITO Mobile are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. In addition to these terms, your use of this service is bound by the sitomobile.com Terms of Use.  For more information, see our full Privacy Policy at: http://sitomobile.com/.This program is available on Verizon Wireless, Sprint and T-Mobile® 
STI NEWS Alerts Transactional (Standard): Send the keyword 'NEWS' to short code 84866 for the latest information regarding SITO Mobile. You authorize automated marketing messages to be sent to you and you understand that your consent is not required for any purchase. You will receive 1 message per query. To opt out at any time, reply 'STOP' from any text message that you have received from the service. For help, text 'HELP' to any text message that you have received from the service. Product is not compatible with all cell phone models. The carriers and SITO Mobile are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.  In addition to these terms, your use of this service is bound by the sitomobile.com Terms of Use. For more information, see our full Privacy Policy at: http://sitomobile.com/. NEWS is available on Verizon Wireless, AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile® , Cricket, MetroPCS U.S. Cellular and other local carrier subscribers.
SITO NEWS Alerts Transactional (Standard): Send the keyword 'NEWS' to one of the short codes listed below and find out the latest information regarding SITO Mobile. You will receive 1 message per query.  To opt out at any time, reply 'STOP' from any text message that you have received from the service. For help, text 'HELP' to any text message that you have received from the service. Product is not compatible with all cell phone models. The carriers and SITO Mobile are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. In addition to these terms, your use of this service is bound by the sitomobile.com Terms of Use. For more information, see our full Privacy Policy at: http://sitomobile.com/. This program is available on Verizon Wireless, AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile® , Boost, Virgin Mobile, Metro PCS, Cricket, U.S. Cellular, Cellular South, Cincinnati Bell, and other local carrier subscribers on Short Codes: '52173', '71067', '76619' and '86379'.























Terms of Use Website
"We," "our," "us," and "SINGLE TOUCH", "SINGLE TOUCH SYSTEMS, Inc.", "SITO" or "SITO Mobile" refer to "SITO Mobile, LTD., and its subsidiaries and affiliates, as well as any other person or entity providing any equipment, applications or content to you from us, or on our behalf.
Please review the following basic rules that govern your use of our Site (the "Agreement"). Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Although you may "bookmark" a particular portion of this Site and thereby bypass this Agreement, your use of this Site still binds you to the terms. We reserve the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice. Your use of the Web site following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms and Conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you use this Web site.
Information About You
Any information that we collect or generate about you is subject to disclosure in a manner that is consistent with these Terms and Conditions or our Privacy Statement, and you have no expectation of privacy with respect to that information. We may, in our sole discretion, release information that we have about you when required to do so by law or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate harm to a person or property requires disclosure.
COPYRIGHTS and TRADEMARKS
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, text, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, programs, video clips and written and other materials that are part of this Site (collectively, the "Contents") are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by us, one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to us and are protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of SITO Mobile, LTD. and is also protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
We and our suppliers and licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all text, programs, products, processes, technology, content and other materials which appear on this Web site. Access to this Web site does not confer and shall not be considered as conferring upon anyone any license under any of our or any third party's intellectual property rights.
Our names and logos and all related product and service names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks or service marks of SITO Mobile. All other marks are the property of their respective companies. No trademark or service mark license is granted in connection with the materials contained on this website. Access to this website does not authorize anyone to use any name, logo or mark in any manner.
References on this Web site to any names, marks, products or services of third parties or hypertext links to third party sites or information are provided solely as a convenience to you and do not in any way constitute or imply Our endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the third party, information, product or service. We are not responsible for the content of any third party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of material on such sites. If you decide to link to any such third party web sites, you do so entirely at your own risk.
USE OF THIS SITE
This Site and all its Contents are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site or any related software. All software used on this site is the property of SITO Mobile or its affiliates and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The content and software on this site may be used only as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.
SITE SECURITY
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing;" (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services; or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. The Company will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this site.
GENERAL
This Agreement represents the complete agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior agreements and representations between them. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the other terms of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of us to act with respect to a breach of this Agreement by you or others does not constitute a waiver and shall not limit our rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under Nevada law. Any action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement or your use of this Site must be brought in the state or federal courts of Nevada.
USER COMMENTS AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
All comments, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to SITO Mobile on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site (collectively, the "Comments") shall be and remain our property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to our worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments. Thus, we will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any user Comments. You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make.
We will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without restriction and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask that you not send us any comments that you do not wish to assign to us, including any confidential information or any original creative materials such as stories, product ideas, computer code or original artwork.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
TERMINATION
These terms are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate this Agreement at any time, provided that you discontinue any further use of this Site. We also may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in our sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon any termination of the Agreement by either you or us, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of use or otherwise.
DISCLAIMER
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY SITO Mobile ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THIS DISCLAIMER CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL SINGLETOUCH OR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEB SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF SITO Mobile HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
























SITO Privacy Policy
SITO, Inc. ("SITO") is a mobile advertising technology company. SITO provides this privacy policy to inform you how our proprietary technology processes information for individuals in the U.S. obtained via digital advertisers, website owners, App owners, and other businesses. This policy also outlines SITO's privacy practices on our corporate website, http://www.sitomobile.com.
SITO's Technology Privacy Practices
As explained below SITO's technology collects information about the location of mobile devices over time, and processes it to determine geographic-location segments that will be used to help make the digital advertisements consumers' see more relevant.
How do we collect information via our technology?
We do not collect information directly from individuals. We collect information from our partners, which are usually mobile advertising networks, mobile websites, supply side platforms and mobile apps. These partners deliver advertising onto your mobile device. In addition, we may collect some information directly from our advertisers or from third parties if required and provided by our advertisers.
What types of information do we collect via our technology?
Through our partners we may collect various types of information. For example, from the ad requests your device makes, we may obtain the latitude and longitude (i.e., lat/long) coordinates from one of our mobile app partners. In addition, we may obtain your device type, the identifiers associated with your mobile device, your mobile browser type, operating system, and IP address. We may collect this information over time and across websites, mobile apps, and devices. If requested by our partners, we may combine the information from the geographic-location segments with information obtained directly from customers or with information obtained from third parties on our customers' behalf. We may also supplement the information we collect via our technology with audience information from third parties, and we may use personally identifiable information ("PII") from third parties such as address and last name to match the data sets, but we do not use any PII directly for ad delivery and targeting purposes, and we do not merge the PII with our Geo-location segments or store this PII in our DMP or DSP.
What is Precise Location Data ("PLD")?
We use collected information to target and display advertisements that may be of interest to you. We may provide the collected information to our third party partners and agents to improve targeting, make and create offers, provide reporting to advertisers and clients, and to improve our systems and products.
Choice Mechanisms
If you do not want the information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads while you access the third-party applications of our mobile partners, we offer a number of choice mechanisms. Please note that none of our choice mechanisms will opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. Your opt-out choice will be applied only to the browser or device that has opted out.
In Ad opt-out - You may opt-out by selecting the Ad Choices icon within an advertisement targeted by SITO and following the instructions listed within the opt-out page.
Mobile Device Settings - If you'd like to adjust your setting regarding the use of precise location data by third parties such as SITO, you may do so via your device settings. SITO honors the mobile device settings for Android and Apple iOS devices. To exercise this opt-out please visit the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and select "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or " opt-out of interest based ads" (Android).
Submit your Device ID – Alternatively, you may send an email to opt-out@sitomobile.com including the IDFA or Advertiser ID of your device. Please allow up to seven days for your request to take effect. For devices where we see such a request has been made SITO will not longer use device information for the purposes of serving behavioral advertising.
Please note that these choice mechanisms won't impact previously collected precise location information that has been de-identified. Also, by turning off location-based services, you will lose all the benefits of those location-based services on your phone.



Why do we use the information?
We store and use information to develop geographic-location segments to help make the digital ads more relevant, and for ad delivery, analytics, and reporting purposes. We may also use the information to enhance our advertising and analytics capabilities, and to offer analytics and data enhancement services to our customers for their marketing and advertising purposes.
How do we safeguard your privacy?
We do not collect any PII via our technology that allows us to identify an individual directly such as email address or telephone number. In addition, our technology uses de-identification techniques such as pseudonymous identifiers associated with your mobile device to help safeguard your privacy. If we combine information collected via our technology with information we receive from third parties, we do not use any PII, such as address or last name, directly for ad delivery and targeting purposes, although it may be obtained by us in connection with such uses. We store any PII we receive from third parties separately from our Geo-location segment information.
Website Privacy Practices
Our website is primarily designed to provide information to our clients, which are typically businesses. SITO collects information from our website, www.sitomobile.com, when you choose to provide it to us, including but not limited to: name, address, telephone number, or email address. For example, you may choose to send information about yourself in an email, or by completing a form on our website. We use this information only to contact you to respond to your inquiry.
We may also collect information from visitors to this website, including your IP host address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to this Website, the referring URL and your computer's operating system. We use this information to analyze traffic on our site and to improve our services.
Controlling the Use of Your Information
If you wish to not have your location information collected, you can turn off this capability in the settings of your mobile device. If you wish to not receive tailored advertising based on our services, you can opt-out by adjusting your advertising ID settings on your mobile device. We encourage you to read the help section of your mobile operating system to learn how to turn off the collection of location information or to opt-out from tailored advertising. You can also opt-out of our tailored advertising services by clicking the AdChoices icon in or next to the ads in which it appears or using your mobile device to go to our AdChoices mobile opt-out page. Please note that this does not opt you out of being served all advertising. You can also turn off location settings on your device at any time to disable our collection and use of the location data obtained from your device. You will continue to receive generic ads and may receive tailored ads from other companies.
SITO adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and the Application of Self-Regulatory Principles to the Mobile Environment published by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). We honor the DAA's opt out mechanism for data collection and use in connection with mobile applications. To learn more about the DAA and your choices, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We do not rent, sell, or share PII obtained via our technology or our website with non-affiliated third parties without user consent. We may, however, share PII obtained from other sources with trusted third-party partners. These third party partners are prohibited from using the information for purposes other than performing services as contracted for by and with SITO.
We may license information collected from our technology or derived therefrom, including geographic-segment information and information about the types of locations consumers visit over time, in order to provide our services. When providing our services to our customers, we do not provide any PII or precise Geo-location data to them.
We may disclose information about you to third parties when obligated to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
Finally, we may transfer information, including any PII, to a potential or actual successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of the information we have collected about you, as well as any choices you may have regarding your PII.
Information Security and Data Retention
The security of your information is important to us. We have implemented security measures to help protect the information in our care, both during transmission and once it is received. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of storage is 100% secure; therefore, while the company strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, it does not guarantee absolute security.
Information Relating to Children
This Website and our products and services are designed for those 18 years of age and older. We do not knowingly collect PII from anyone under the age of 13. If we are made aware that we have received PII from someone under 13, we will use reasonable efforts to promptly remove that information from our records.
Data Transfers
Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided that information. When we transfer information we collect about you to other countries, we will protect it as described in this Privacy Policy.  You consent to the transfer of personal information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is subject to change. We will post any privacy policy change on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.  We will also update the effective date of the policy.
Contact Information
For questions or concerns relating to SITO's privacy practices, please email privacy@sitomobile.com . Alternatively, you may contact us at the address below:

SITO Mobile Ltd.
										Attn: Privacy Officer
										100 Town Square Place, Suite 204
										Jersey City, NJ 07310
P: (201) 275-0555 
									
Typically we do not have a direct relationship with you, we largely rely on digital advertisers, application owners, website owners and other business that use our services to reply to questions and concerns regarding the collection and use of information. Please contact them for any questions about their privacy practices.
Privacy Policy last updated: May 10, 2016





















Contact Us







Name






Company






Email Address






Phone Number






Message








Send





SITO Mobile

 sales@sitomobile.com 201-275-0555




















 New Jersey
							100 Town Square Place, Suite 204
							Jersey City, NJ 07310 201-275-0555




















 New York
							33 Irving Place, Suite 9033
							New York, NY 10003 201-275-0555




















 Arkansas
							3301 Market Street, Suite 204
							Rogers, AR 72758 479-222-0550




















 Idaho
							3071 E. Franklin Road, Suite 203
							Meridian, ID 83642




















 Los Angeles

 323-510-1500



















GAP | Be Bright
SITO Mobile and Gap worked together to add a unique mobile special offer to their out-of-home ads in New York City, Chicago and San Francisco.
Consumers were invited to click on an in-app banner ad to download a $10 discount coupon. The banners were triggered when consumers walked into a geo-fence containing related Gap out-of-home advertisements.
The results were amazing.
Average performance was 2X the industry average and as high as 3X in San Francisco
For every $1 dollar of media spent the client saw $4 of in-store purchases



















Fox Searchlight | The East
In partnership with Fox Searchlight, we launched a targeted campaign in order to raise awareness and drive ticket sales for The East, a suspenseful and provocative espionage thriller about anarchists seeking revenge against major corporations.
Click-through rates outpaced market average by 175%
Highest CTR was generated by targeting theaters featuring the pre-release
In opening weekend, The East generated $19K+ per theater, making it the #1 title on a per theater basis that weekend



















Days Inn | Travel
Identify travelers across Canada, driving them to the nearest Days Inn location. Encourage them to book rooms through Days Inn's mobile site and provide directions to the nearest hotel.
Optimizing for both performance and location resulted in a 1.7x lift over market averages
By retargeting the High Value database from earlier Days Inn campaigns, engagement increased over 2.7x
Success of this campaign led to 3 consecutive campaigns with increased budget each time



















Beggars Music | The xx
In partnership with Beggars Music, we ran 3 separate, successive campaigns for The xx, a British indie pop group, designed to raise awareness of The xx's album release "Coexist" and drive sales through iTunes.
Achieved a CTR 1.6x market average and helped "Coexist" debut at #1 on iTunes on its day of release
Retargeting in second campaign generated a 65% lift over our first campaign
Third campaign continued to beat the market – this time by 3.5x – and helped "Coexist" move from #88 on iTunes back up to #63



















Investors Bank | Financial
Raise awareness of Investors Bank's financial product offerings and enable consumers to call or get directions to the nearest branch location
Optimizing for both performance and location resulted in a 1.7x lift over market averages
Strong ad recall and quality behavioral and demographic targeting drove mobile site traffic and store visits
Mobile optimized creative made the mobile experience simple to navigate and useful for consumers



















Office 365 | Microsoft
Raise awareness of Microsoft's newly released Office 365 software and provide convenient engagement and commerce solutions by pairing a large physical presence with a mobile campaign. Identify students as well as those who make school supply purchases in 10 major US markets.
Optimizing for both performance and location resulted in a 1.6x lift over market averages
Leveraging data from previous Microsoft campaigns, engagement increased 68%
Strong ad recall and quality behavioural and demographic targeting drove mobile site traffic and store visits



















Price Rite | Supermarket
Boost Pepsi sales by geo-fencing 27 PriceRite stores targeting 2 consumer groups; PriceRite Shoppers who have been in the store in the past 30 days, and Shoppers who visited a competitor's store in the last 20 days
Performed over 30% higher than client's expectations, which led to 4 consecutive campaigns and an ANNUAL agreement
In-store sales lift of 8% with Verified Walk-in of 9.5% across all campaigns























Thomas J. Pallack
Chief Executive Officer
Mr. Pallack has been SITO’s Chief Executive Officer since June 2017. From 2005 until joining SITO, Mr. Pallack served as Chief Executive Officer and Head of Sales of SBV Solutions–Strategic Business Velocity, a software sales company that he co-founded. Mr. Pallack’s background encompasses more than 30 years of sales, sales operations, financial and business development experience with a number of global technology software companies, including Oracle Corporation, Ariba, Inc. (now named SAP Ariba), Consilium and NCA Corp.
























Mark Del Priore
Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Del Priore has been SITO’s Chief Financial Officer since June 2017. From November 2014 until joining SITO, Mr. Del Priore served as Chief Financial Officer of Go Green Global Technologies Corp, a water and fuel technology licensing, marketing, manufacturing and development company, where he has also served as a director since May 2013. From 1999 to 2013, Mr. Del Priore served as a Principal at W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C., an employee-owned investment manager, where he evaluated and oversaw a number of W.R. Huff’s public and private investments, including a substantial portfolio of technology, telecommunications and media companies.


























James Darcey
EVP, Account ServicesMarathon Man
James our Executive Vice President of Account Services is a marathon runner, which pays off when it comes to seeing our clients campaigns are properly managed from start to finish. He brings over 20 years of mobile media experience, working in and outside carriers, and at SITO for the past ten years. His unique technology expertise and Best Practices Management skills make him a key driver of successful mobile campaigns, large and small.
























William Seagrave
Chief Operating Officer
Mr. Seagrave has been SITO’s Chief Operating Officer since June 2017. Prior to SITO, he was the Managing Partner of LHF Healthcare, a privately-held medical analytics technology company, since January of 2013. From 2011 to 2014, Mr. Seagrave was a partner at Strategic Business Velocity Solutions, a privately-held technology company, which provided revenue acceleration services for sales, marketing and business development functions to social media and analytics customers. From 2006 to 2011, Mr. Seagrave was a Senior Director at Cisco Systems, where he managed strategy and global product launches related to the Internet of Things. Prior to that, Mr. Seagrave was a Vice President in Application Sales at Oracle and a founding member of Oracle’s Applications team.


























Ben Bonart
EVP, Brand Marketing & CreativeArtiste'
Obsessively-driven. Diversely-experienced. Artistically inclined, Ben sees no end to our possibilities and views accomplishment as doing the things people said couldn't be done. He's worked with some of the branding and advertising industry's most talented strategists and creatives, as well as shown his art in galleries across the country. At SITO, Ben works in physical and digital playgrounds with an overarching philosophy to make beautifully simple work that cuts through the noise and tells our story.
























Yasmeen Coning
Chief Marketing Officer
Ms. Coning is a seasoned professional with nearly twenty years of experience in developing and implementing successful marketing strategies for innovative and dynamic brands across the consumer and digital media landscape. She was named to 2015’s 40 Under 40 and received the Marketing Maverick Award to honor her achievements as one of the industry's exceptional brand strategists. Prior to joining Genesis as CMO, she served as the head of marketing for PlaceIQ, playing an integral role in the business’ growth and expansion in the digital advertising space. Before returning to the East Coast, Yasmeen was with Demand Media in Los Angeles leading marketing for publishing giants such as eHow.com and Cracked.com. She was key in building the organization’s portfolio of branded sites to position Demand for its successful IPO. Prior to Demand, Yasmeen also held lead account roles at Edelman both in the digital and consumer space. During her time at the agency, she spearheaded award-winning marketing and communication launches for brands such as Hulu, MySpace, Microsoft, Starbucks, AEG and more. Yasmeen holds a B.S. in journalism from Boston University, an MBA from Pepperdine and an M.S. in strategic communication from Columbia University.
























Chet Petrow
Chief Revenue Officer
Mr. Petrow has been SITO’s Chief Revenue Officer since June 2017. He has over twenty years of experience in selling enterprise solutions to both Fortune 500 and mid-market accounts. He has led sales teams for some of the largest software companies, such as Oracle and Lawson, as well as for startups that turned meteoric, such as Ariba. He is experienced in developing and managing strategic partnerships, entering and developing new global markets and managing highly competitive market segments. He holds a B.S. from the University of Nebraska at Kearney.


























Michael Blanche
Chief Technology Officer
Michael Blanche is SITO’s CTO and is responsible for leading the next phase of innovation and growth for the company, focusing on identifying opportunities and developing technology that result in a competitive advantage and deliver return on investment. Michael joined SITO Mobile at the start of 2015 following his role as Head of Product at Momentum, a successful SaaS based education platform. His agile development approach, cloud expertise and experience developing highly innovative customer-focused outcomes has played a critical role in driving the company’s success.


























Josh McAllister
EVP, Technical ServicesMost likely to find Bigfoot
Josh McAllister started developing software on a Commodore 64 at the age of 10. He has over 20 years of professional experience in Systems, Networking, and Software development. Josh leverages his broad skillset to architect and deliver highly efficient, scalable,  and robust solutions. His ability to clearly communicate with various business groups both technical and non-technical, as well as his creativity and intuitiveness make him uniquely suited to envision and create services to match the most demanding business needs. In his spare time, you will often find Josh fly fishing on one of the numerous world class trophy fisheries in the Boise, Idaho area.























Transformative products, services & technologies
Submit your Resume for review and so you can be notified of future possibilities that match your skills and interests.



Name






Email Address






Attach your resume







Send







































































Home - ByFusion












































 
 




 
 




HomeOur Company

Why We Care Newsletter Newsletter
What Is Byfusion

ByFusion Machine
Press ReleasesContact Us

FAQ


2










Search for:



 


 
 







 







Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.






  









Transforming Plastic
Introducing the ByFusion process that converts 100% plastic waste into an alternative building material.






 



 


 




Play Video



What is ByFusion?
ByFusion is a 100% modular technology platform that converts all types of plastic into a new building material called RePlast.


 

 




Benefits of the ByFusion Process















100% Modular
Self-contained within shipping containers and fully transportable. Customizable to run on either fuel or electricity to meet the needs of varying conditions and locations.











Eco Friendly
We are committed to carbon-neutrality. The bulk of our process is based solely on stream and compression.











Customizable Product
Able to control the density of our product to meet the needs of the job. Currently configured in the size and shape of common masonry blocks so it can be used in a wide variety of applications from infrastructure projects to interior walls and everything in between.











Efficient & Effective Processing
No sorting or pre-washing required. Waste plastic goes into the machine as is. Our process incorporates a wash cycle (that recycles water) and leverages steam to ensure a clean and sterilized end product.











Plastic Agnostic
There are 7 different types of plastic, all of which our machine is capable of processing.











Energy Saving
We maximize and repurpose every aspect of our energy.




 






 
 





Introducing RePlast


See More

 
See More









- Requires no glues or adhesives for use



- Contributes to LEED certification



- 95% lower Greenhouse Gas Emissions (GhG) compared to concrete block



- High thermal and acoustic insulation




 


 



"The greatest threat to our planet is the belief that someone else will save it." – Robert Swan
Get Engaged

Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.






 



Partners

























 






 


 © 2017 ByFusion PBC

 
















































 

Stock Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Stock IdeasMotif Bio: Warrants Provide Asymmetry For De-Risked Biotech With High Probability Of ApprovalMTFB• Today, 9:47 AM • Free Cash Flow 50Visa's Unlikely MoatV• Today, 9:16 AM • Making a Spectacle•3 CommentsBank Of America: $30 Christmas dinner?BAC• Today, 9:02 AM • Christiaan Casper•1 CommentCould FTC Approve Walgreens/Rite Aid Without A Second Request?RAD• Today, 9:00 AM • Scott Molnar, CFA•7 Comments3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: August 1, 2017AKCA, AMGN, IONS• Today, 9:00 AM • Zach Hartman, PhD•1 CommentTrevali Adds Another Zinc-Lead-Silver AssetTREVF• Today, 8:53 AM • Peter ArendasStarbucks: Value Creation Formula Now On SaleSBUX• Today, 8:44 AM • Bank On Insight•5 CommentsFord's Bottom Line Plummets In China - Sign Of Things To Come?F• Today, 8:40 AM • Gary BourgeaultBarnes Group: Small Company With Positive Stock CatalystsB• Today, 8:38 AM • David Zanoni•1 CommentLaunch Of SILIQ Makes Valeant A Great Short OpportunityVRX• Today, 8:35 AM • Long Term Bio•16 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan: Still A BuyFCX• Today, 8:28 AM • Orthodox Investor•1 CommentDover Downs Is Selling At A Steep Discount To Its NAVDDE• Today, 8:27 AM • Johan WigertNRG's Portfolio Optimization Plan Is AchievableNRG• Today, 7:59 AM • Robert Howard, CFARedfin Dazzles Market With Long-Anticipated IPORDFN• Today, 7:58 AM • Richard Ashton•1 CommentDe Beers: China Catalyst?AAUKY• Today, 7:52 AM • LD InvestmentsConstructive On The Future - Cramer's Mad Money (7/31/17)FB, AMZN, NFLX• Today, 7:39 AM • SA Editor Mohit ManghnaniTesla Model 3 Launch Exposes Harsh Reality Facing The CompanyTSLA• Today, 7:31 AM • EnerTuition•83 CommentsSix Flags Could Lose 25% Of Customers To New Park In MeadowlandsEditors' Pick • DIS, FUN, SEAS• Today, 7:30 AM • ManBearChicken•1 CommentFoot Locker Looks Good On Paper, But There Are Barbarians At The GateFL• Today, 7:27 AM • Joseph Harry•2 CommentsIs Corning, Inc. The Perfect Stock?GLW• Today, 7:14 AM • Russell Naisbitt•4 CommentsBuy Clovis Oncology After Big Nonsensical DropCLVS• Today, 6:51 AM • Long Term Bio•3 CommentsChip Companies Will Be Key Beneficiaries Of iPhone 8 Release - Mott Capital Management's Mike Kramer's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • SWKS, AVGO• Today, 6:42 AM • Mott Capital Management•2 CommentsUlta Beauty Is A Good Stock - Cramer's Lightning Round (7/31/17)ULTA, RDN, AB• Today, 6:37 AM • SA Editor Mohit Manghnani•1 CommentNo Need To Tender At StaplesSPLS• Today, 5:58 AM • Northern Value•4 CommentsCoty, Inc.: Winning A Fight Against Online Luxury Sales (Is A Positive)COTY• Today, 5:45 AM • Willow Street InvestmentsSynacor: Hidden Gem With 77% Upside Trading At 4x EBITDAEditors' Pick • SYNC• Today, 5:00 AM • ACM Research Team•10 CommentsUniversal Insurance Continues To ThriveUVE• Today, 3:12 AM • Samuel Smith•4 CommentsFacebook: Shareholders Will Be Big Winners From Its AI FunctionalityFB• Today, 2:01 AM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•24 CommentsDon't Get Fooled By QualcommNXPI, QCOM• Today, 12:41 AM • The Dutch Income Investor•27 CommentsYandex: Bumps In The Road Cause A RevisionYNDX• Today, 12:24 AM • Christiaan van der Meer•1 CommentStock Of The Week: Genuine PartsGPC• Today, 12:18 AM • Paul Price•5 CommentsIBM Starting To Look AttractiveIBM• Yesterday, 11:35 PM • Bill Maurer•19 CommentsApple: Is The Media Too Obsessed With The iPhone 8?AAPL• Yesterday, 11:17 PM • Mark Hibben•35 CommentsNokia Receives €1.7 Billion Upfront Payment From AppleNOK• Yesterday, 9:15 PM • Motek Moyen•11 CommentsCitizens Financial: Comparing The Financial Ratios To Peer BanksCFG• Yesterday, 9:15 PM • Chris B Murphy•1 CommentComparing M&T Bank's Financial Ratios To Peer BanksMTB• Yesterday, 8:57 PM • Chris B Murphy•1 CommentWhiting Petroleum's Q2 Results: Initial ImpressionsWLL• Yesterday, 6:49 PM • Open Square Capital•12 CommentsCliffs Natural Resources Offers $575 Million Of Senior NotesCLF• Yesterday, 6:43 PM • Vladimir Zernov•30 CommentsEnergy Transfer Partners: Time To Buy?ETP• Yesterday, 6:35 PM • RCK Financial Services•19 CommentsTripAdvisor: An Excellent Company At A Very Fair PriceTRIP• Yesterday, 6:30 PM • HFR Capital•5 CommentsSeadrill Supports North Atlantic Drilling Once AgainSDRL, NADL• Yesterday, 6:29 PM • Vladimir Zernov•12 CommentsRedfin IPO Too Hot: Caution AdvisedRDFN• Yesterday, 6:10 PM • Gary Alexander•14 CommentsMake Lemonade Out Of Lemons: Sell Nabors Industries ShortNBR• Yesterday, 6:08 PM • Bobak Forouzan•4 CommentsSuncor: Better Days AheadSU• Yesterday, 5:59 PM • Long Player•7 CommentsTesla: More Bad News On Wednesday?TSLA• Yesterday, 5:55 PM • Donn Bailey•171 CommentsAMD: Investors' Dilemma, Gamers' PrideAMD• Yesterday, 5:38 PM • Right Angle•81 CommentsI Just Learned Wells Fargo Did It To Me AgainWFC• Yesterday, 5:32 PM • Robert Castellano•33 CommentsModel 3: Revising My ProjectionsTSLA• Yesterday, 5:31 PM • ValueAnalyst•192 CommentsVertex: A Jewel In The Biotech SpaceVRTX• Yesterday, 5:18 PM • HealthBlogger•3 CommentsValue In An Expensive Market: Micron's Cyclical MispricingMU• Yesterday, 5:14 PM • Garrett Finn•50 CommentsGilead's Unique Philanthropic Act Will Pay OffGILD• Yesterday, 5:09 PM • Ronald Liu•44 CommentsU.K. Government Measures Reinforce Tesla's Long-Term ProspectsTSLA• Yesterday, 4:59 PM • Nick Cox•80 CommentsNvidia: A Short Watch Is OnNVDA• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • The Structure Of Price•43 CommentsExxon: Seeking Permian GrowthXOM• Yesterday, 4:26 PM • Callum Turcan•4 CommentsLee Enterprises, Inc. For Contrarian ConsiderationLEE• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Ty Huggins•1 CommentLet's Take A Closer Look At General Electric's DebtGE• Yesterday, 3:58 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsMatch: Dating In The Digital AgeMTCH• Yesterday, 3:49 PM • Market View•5 CommentsDoes Dover Downs Gaming Have A Future?DDE• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • Thomas Niel•7 CommentsFirst Solar, Inc. Solid Q2 Bookings And Earnings - Still A Bet On Suniva 201 PetitionFSLR• Yesterday, 3:35 PM • Morningsidepark•6 CommentsFacebook: Trading At All-Time Highs, Yet Still UndervaluedFB• Yesterday, 3:21 PM • Robert Riesen•16 CommentsA Market Pullback Could Lead To A Buy Signal For Applied OptoelectronicsAAOI• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Walter Zelezniak Jr•32 CommentsArena Announces Full Participation In Stock Offering - What Investors Should ConsiderARNA• Yesterday, 3:07 PM • Spencer Osborne•4 CommentsThe Medicines Company Stock Attractively Priced Ahead Of FDA DecisionMDCO• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentMagna International Is A BuyMGA• Yesterday, 2:47 PM • Kush PatelKLA-Tencor Is Firing On All CylindersKLAC• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Shareholders Unite•4 CommentsAmgen Looks To Enhance Its Cholesterol DrugAMGN• Yesterday, 2:16 PM • Long Term Bio•6 CommentsClementia Pharmaceuticals Readies $100 Million IPOCMTA• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • Donovan JonesJohnson Controls: Time To Change The CEO? (A Buying Opportunity)JCI• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • Willow Street Investments•10 CommentsMyriad Genetics' Stock Is Starting To Make A RunMYGN• Yesterday, 2:02 PM • John Longsworth•1 CommentIf You Are In The Market For Cheap Stocks, Take A Look At Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.BONT• Yesterday, 2:02 PM • Noam Ganel, CFA•3 CommentsAmazon Bears Will Get CrushedAMZN• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Totoro Research•81 CommentsAbbVie Drops; Getting Bullish: Part 1 - Focus On Q2 And HumiraABBV• Yesterday, 1:56 PM • DoctoRx•24 CommentsImpac Mortgage Prepping For The Next PhaseIMH• Yesterday, 1:50 PM • David Sims•1 CommentBuy Synchrony Financial For Moderate Growth And IncomeSYF• Yesterday, 1:46 PM • Bobak Forouzan•2 CommentsIs There A Dollar Bottom In Sight?UUP, UDN, USDU• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Victor Dergunov123456...2528Next Page





Long Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Long IdeasMotif Bio: Warrants Provide Asymmetry For De-Risked Biotech With High Probability Of ApprovalMTFB• Today, 9:47 AM • Free Cash Flow 50Bank Of America: $30 Christmas dinner?BAC• Today, 9:02 AM • Christiaan Casper•1 CommentCould FTC Approve Walgreens/Rite Aid Without A Second Request?RAD• Today, 9:00 AM • Scott Molnar, CFA•7 CommentsTrevali Adds Another Zinc-Lead-Silver AssetTREVF• Today, 8:53 AM • Peter ArendasStarbucks: Value Creation Formula Now On SaleSBUX• Today, 8:44 AM • Bank On Insight•5 CommentsFord's Bottom Line Plummets In China - Sign Of Things To Come?F• Today, 8:40 AM • Gary BourgeaultBarnes Group: Small Company With Positive Stock CatalystsB• Today, 8:38 AM • David Zanoni•1 CommentFreeport-McMoRan: Still A BuyFCX• Today, 8:28 AM • Orthodox Investor•1 CommentDover Downs Is Selling At A Steep Discount To Its NAVDDE• Today, 8:27 AM • Johan WigertNRG's Portfolio Optimization Plan Is AchievableNRG• Today, 7:59 AM • Robert Howard, CFADe Beers: China Catalyst?AAUKY• Today, 7:52 AM • LD InvestmentsFoot Locker Looks Good On Paper, But There Are Barbarians At The GateFL• Today, 7:27 AM • Joseph Harry•2 CommentsIs Corning, Inc. The Perfect Stock?GLW• Today, 7:14 AM • Russell Naisbitt•4 CommentsBuy Clovis Oncology After Big Nonsensical DropCLVS• Today, 6:51 AM • Long Term Bio•3 CommentsChip Companies Will Be Key Beneficiaries Of iPhone 8 Release - Mott Capital Management's Mike Kramer's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • SWKS, AVGO• Today, 6:42 AM • Mott Capital Management•2 CommentsNo Need To Tender At StaplesSPLS• Today, 5:58 AM • Northern Value•4 CommentsCoty, Inc.: Winning A Fight Against Online Luxury Sales (Is A Positive)COTY• Today, 5:45 AM • Willow Street InvestmentsSynacor: Hidden Gem With 77% Upside Trading At 4x EBITDAEditors' Pick • SYNC• Today, 5:00 AM • ACM Research Team•10 CommentsUniversal Insurance Continues To ThriveUVE• Today, 3:12 AM • Samuel Smith•4 CommentsFacebook: Shareholders Will Be Big Winners From Its AI FunctionalityFB• Today, 2:01 AM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•24 CommentsDon't Get Fooled By QualcommNXPI, QCOM• Today, 12:41 AM • The Dutch Income Investor•28 CommentsYandex: Bumps In The Road Cause A RevisionYNDX• Today, 12:24 AM • Christiaan van der Meer•1 CommentStock Of The Week: Genuine PartsGPC• Today, 12:18 AM • Paul Price•5 CommentsIBM Starting To Look AttractiveIBM• Yesterday, 11:35 PM • Bill Maurer•19 CommentsApple: Is The Media Too Obsessed With The iPhone 8?AAPL• Yesterday, 11:17 PM • Mark Hibben•35 CommentsNokia Receives €1.7 Billion Upfront Payment From AppleNOK• Yesterday, 9:15 PM • Motek Moyen•11 CommentsWhiting Petroleum's Q2 Results: Initial ImpressionsWLL• Yesterday, 6:49 PM • Open Square Capital•12 CommentsEnergy Transfer Partners: Time To Buy?ETP• Yesterday, 6:35 PM • RCK Financial Services•19 CommentsTripAdvisor: An Excellent Company At A Very Fair PriceTRIP• Yesterday, 6:30 PM • HFR Capital•5 CommentsSuncor: Better Days AheadSU• Yesterday, 5:59 PM • Long Player•7 CommentsAMD: Investors' Dilemma, Gamers' PrideAMD• Yesterday, 5:38 PM • Right Angle•82 CommentsI Just Learned Wells Fargo Did It To Me AgainWFC• Yesterday, 5:32 PM • Robert Castellano•33 CommentsModel 3: Revising My ProjectionsTSLA• Yesterday, 5:31 PM • ValueAnalyst•194 CommentsVertex: A Jewel In The Biotech SpaceVRTX• Yesterday, 5:18 PM • HealthBlogger•3 CommentsValue In An Expensive Market: Micron's Cyclical MispricingMU• Yesterday, 5:14 PM • Garrett Finn•50 CommentsGilead's Unique Philanthropic Act Will Pay OffGILD• Yesterday, 5:09 PM • Ronald Liu•44 CommentsU.K. Government Measures Reinforce Tesla's Long-Term ProspectsTSLA• Yesterday, 4:59 PM • Nick Cox•81 CommentsExxon: Seeking Permian GrowthXOM• Yesterday, 4:26 PM • Callum Turcan•4 CommentsLee Enterprises, Inc. For Contrarian ConsiderationLEE• Yesterday, 4:00 PM • Ty Huggins•1 CommentLet's Take A Closer Look At General Electric's DebtGE• Yesterday, 3:58 PM • Jonathan Weber•11 CommentsMatch: Dating In The Digital AgeMTCH• Yesterday, 3:49 PM • Market View•5 CommentsDoes Dover Downs Gaming Have A Future?DDE• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • Thomas Niel•7 CommentsFirst Solar, Inc. Solid Q2 Bookings And Earnings - Still A Bet On Suniva 201 PetitionFSLR• Yesterday, 3:35 PM • Morningsidepark•6 CommentsFacebook: Trading At All-Time Highs, Yet Still UndervaluedFB• Yesterday, 3:21 PM • Robert Riesen•16 CommentsA Market Pullback Could Lead To A Buy Signal For Applied OptoelectronicsAAOI• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Walter Zelezniak Jr•32 CommentsThe Medicines Company Stock Attractively Priced Ahead Of FDA DecisionMDCO• Yesterday, 3:05 PM • Emerging Equities•1 CommentMagna International Is A BuyMGA• Yesterday, 2:47 PM • Kush PatelKLA-Tencor Is Firing On All CylindersKLAC• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Shareholders Unite•4 CommentsAmgen Looks To Enhance Its Cholesterol DrugAMGN• Yesterday, 2:16 PM • Long Term Bio•6 CommentsJohnson Controls: Time To Change The CEO? (A Buying Opportunity)JCI• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • Willow Street Investments•10 CommentsMyriad Genetics' Stock Is Starting To Make A RunMYGN• Yesterday, 2:02 PM • John Longsworth•1 CommentIf You Are In The Market For Cheap Stocks, Take A Look At Bon-Ton Stores, Inc.BONT• Yesterday, 2:02 PM • Noam Ganel, CFA•3 CommentsAmazon Bears Will Get CrushedAMZN• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Totoro Research•81 CommentsAbbVie Drops; Getting Bullish: Part 1 - Focus On Q2 And HumiraABBV• Yesterday, 1:56 PM • DoctoRx•24 CommentsImpac Mortgage Prepping For The Next PhaseIMH• Yesterday, 1:50 PM • David Sims•1 CommentIs There A Dollar Bottom In Sight?UUP, UDN, USDU• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Victor DergunovTwilio: Unique Revenue Model Allows For Strong UpsideTWLO• Yesterday, 1:31 PM • Gary Alexander•10 CommentsAdvanced Accelerator Applications: Lutathera Approval LoomsAAAP• Yesterday, 1:13 PM • Jonathan Faison•1 CommentFreeport-McMoRan - Strong Investment At Low PricesFCX• Yesterday, 1:11 PM • The Value Portfolio•13 CommentsGilead - From Crazy Cheap To Good ValueGILD• Yesterday, 12:52 PM • Out of Ignorance•48 CommentsMirati Therapeutics: Is This $5 Busted IPO A Buy, Sell, Or Hold?MRTX• Yesterday, 12:41 PM • Bret Jensen•10 CommentsSelect Comfort's New Mattresses Could Provide A Boost To SalesSCSS• Yesterday, 12:12 PM • The Non-ConsensusBank Of America: An Often-Overlooked Reason For Owning The SharesBAC• Yesterday, 12:05 PM • FIG Ideas•2 CommentsCarbo Ceramics - Sales Increase 111% From The Previous YearCRR• Yesterday, 11:53 AM • Long Player•5 CommentsWhy I'm Bullish On O'Reilly Automotive For The First TimeORLY• Yesterday, 11:42 AM • Josh Arnold•2 CommentsDonaldson: Filtration, Anyone?DCI• Yesterday, 11:33 AM • My Road to Half a Million•4 CommentsAthenahealth, Even After The Monster Beat, Is Worth The BuyATHN• Yesterday, 11:29 AM • Eric Mason•3 CommentsBB Seguridade - A Perfect Blend Of Income And GrowthBBSEY• Yesterday, 11:16 AM • Ravi ParikhProcter & Gamble Continues To Improve Its ProfitabilityPG• Yesterday, 11:13 AM • Joseph Harry•1 CommentWhy I'm Considering Taking Another Spin With WhirlpoolWHR• Yesterday, 11:07 AM • Joseph Harry•5 CommentsAT&T And Time Warner: It's DoneT, TWX• Yesterday, 11:02 AM • Quad 7 Capital•46 CommentsLloyds: Focus On What MattersEditors' Pick • LYG• Yesterday, 10:42 AM • Renaissance Research•18 CommentsMicron Technology Continues To Outperform The Memory Industry As A WholeMU• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • Robert Castellano•80 CommentsBoeing: Unprecedented ReactionBA• Yesterday, 10:31 AM • Quad 7 Capital•9 CommentsUnknown Fauquier Bankshares Deserves Your AttentionFBSS• Yesterday, 10:23 AM • Quad 7 Capital•1 Comment123456...1580Next Page





SITO Mobile closes $6M equity offering - SITO Mobile, Ltd. (NASDAQ:SITO) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»SITO Mobile closes $6M equity offeringJul. 28, 2017  4:36 PM ET|About: SITO Mobile, Ltd. (SITO)|By: Jason Aycock, SA News Editor  SITO Mobile (SITO -3.9%) has closed a direct offering of 1.2M units at $5 each. Each unit consisted of a share of common stock, along with a warrant exercisable for 0.25 of a share; overall, warrants in the offer are exercisable for up to 300,000 shares. The offering drew gross proceeds of $6M; net proceeds will be used to pay off a senior secured note. Now read: Veon: Launching A New Product »







SITO Mobile Appoints Industry Veteran Additions to Management Team | 4-Traders













































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Nasdaq  >  Sito Mobile Ltd    SITO










     SITO MOBILE LTD (SITO)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 Delayed  - 08/01 03:34:01 pm

4.5266
USD
 
-1.60%










07/31 SITO MOBILE : Largest Stockholder TAR Holdings LLC Calls on Four Mem..


07/29 SITO MOBILE : Announces Closing of $6.0 Million Registered Direct Of..


07/28 SITO MOBILE, LT : SITO) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibi..

 







SummaryQuotesChartsNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




SITO Mobile Appoints Industry Veteran Additions to Management Team



































0






06/30/2017 | 11:25pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





JERSEY CITY, N.J., June  30, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- SITO Mobile Ltd. (NASDAQ:SITO), a leading mobile engagement platform (“SITO” or the “Company”), today announced the appointment of Thomas J. Pallack and Mark Del Priore as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively. Since June 1, 2017, Pallack and Del Priore served as executives of the Company on an interim basis. In addition, the Company announced the appointment of William Seagrave as the Company’s Chief Operating Officer.
Pallack’s background encompasses more than 30 years of sales, sales operations, financial and business development experience with global technology software companies such as Oracle, Ariba, Consilium and NCA. He is the Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Head of Sales of SBV Solutions — Strategic Business Velocity, a software sales company, since 2005. “Tom, Bill and Mark are proven leaders with a broad range of experiences that are uniquely suited to the future of SITO’s business,” said Brent Rosenthal, Chairman of the Board. “We are thrilled to be working closely with them for the next phase of the company’s growth.” “I look forward to continuing to partner with the team to fulfill the company’s vision to build an enduring data and technology platform for brands and agencies,” said Tom Pallack, CEO of SITO Mobile. “Bill and I have a long history of success in creating robust solutions for the marketplace that increase shareholder value.” Previously, Seagrave directed sales, product, and market strategies for global technology companies including: Cisco, Oracle, Intel, Baxter and venture-backed technology companies in the social marketing, consumer analytics, telecom and mobile infrastructure industries. He has extensive experience with SaaS and subscription model product lines, marketing analytics, software infrastructure, cloud, and network technologies leveraging the Internet of Things (IOT). While at Oracle, Seagrave was a founding member of the Oracle Applications team, which developed the Oracle Applications unit from a concept to a multi-billion dollar success. “The people and product offerings at SITO provide a strong foundation for growth and expansion,” said Bill Seagrave, Chief Operating Officer of SITO Mobile. “The business is well-positioned for its next stage of development in the technology landscape.” Prior to SITO, Del Priore was Chief Financial Officer of Go Green Global Technologies Corp, a water and fuel technology company. From 1999 to 2013, Mr. Del Priore served as a Principal at W.R. Huff Asset Management Co., L.L.C., where he evaluated and oversaw a number of W.R. Huff’s public and private investments, including a substantial portfolio of technology, telecommunications and media companies. About SITO Mobile, Ltd.SITO Mobile is transforming the manner in which brands connect with consumers in the real world by developing a mobile engagement platform that drives awareness, loyalty, and ultimately sales. In an increasingly mobile-first culture, SITO Mobile delivers proven location-based advertising solutions to Fortune 500 brands and agencies. Through innovation, the company uses proprietary data to build cutting edge, in-house technology, arming clients with the best resources for successful campaigns. Using in-store targeting, proximity targeting, geo-conquesting and attribution data, the platform creates audience profiles to develop measurable hyper-targeted campaigns for brands. SITO’s real-time location-based marketing technology gives us the unique advantage of understanding and shaping the future of retail and consumer behavior.  For more information, visit www.sitomobile.com. Cautionary Statement Regarding Certain Forward-Looking Information  This press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning the following: SITO’s plans and initiatives, campaign volume and average campaign dollars, our guidance and/or expectations for future quarters, our possible or assumed future results of operations; our business strategies; our ability to attract and retain customers; our ability to sell additional products and services to customers; our competitive position; our industry environment; our potential growth opportunities; and risks, disruption, costs and uncertainty caused by or related to the actions of activist shareholders, including that if individuals are elected to our Board with a specific agenda or if control of our Board was to abruptly change, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create value for our shareholders and perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of potential changes to the composition of our Board may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of our business, instability or a lack of continuity which may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers, and may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, because they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under “Risk Factors” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and the reports we file with the SEC. Actual events or results may vary significantly from those implied or projected by the forward-looking statements due to these risk factors. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance. You should read our Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and have filed as exhibits thereto with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, with the understanding that our actual future results and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. Forward-looking statements are made based on management’s beliefs, estimates and opinions on the date the statements are made and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements if these beliefs, estimates and opinions or other circumstances should change, except as may be required by applicable law. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Contacts:

Media Relations:
Yasmeen Coning
Chief Marketing Officer
yasmeen.coning@sitomonile.com

Darren Nicol
Director of Marketing
darren.nicol@sitomobile.com

Investor Relations
Joseph Wilkinson
SVP, Investor Relations
joseph.wilkinson@sitomobile.com
















 © GlobeNewswire 2017





































0






 






Latest news on SITO MOBILE LTD




07/31 SITO MOBILE : Largest Stockholder TAR Holdings LLC Calls on Four Members of Boar..

07/29 SITO MOBILE : Announces Closing of $6.0 Million Registered Direct Offering

07/28 SITO MOBILE, LTD. (NASDAQ : SITO) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits

07/28 SITO MOBILE, LTD. : Other Events, Financial Statements and Exhibits (form 8-K)

07/28 SITO Announces Closing of $6.0 Million Registered Direct Offering

07/27 SITO MOBILE : Issues Statement in Response to Singer Groups 13D/A Filing

07/26 SITO MOBILE, LTD. (NASDAQ : SITO) Files An 8-K Triggering Events That Accelerate..

07/26 SITO MOBILE, LTD. : Triggering Events That Accelerate or Increase a Direct Finan..

07/26 SITO Mobile Issues Letter to Shareholders

07/26 Sito Mobile Issues Statement in Response to Singer Group’s 13D/A Filing



More news




News from SeekingAlpha




07/28 SITO Mobile closes $6M equity offering

07/26 TECHNOLOGY - TOP GAINERS / LOSERS AS : 45 pm

07/21 TECHNOLOGY - TOP GAINERS / LOSERS AS : 00 pm

07/20 TECHNOLOGY - TOP GAINERS / LOSERS AS : 00 pm

07/19 Midday Gainers / Losers


 







 





Financials ($)
 




            Sales             2017            
42,3 M 

            EBIT             2017            
-1,89 M 

            Net income             2017            
-2,08 M 

            Finance 2017            
7,18 M 

            Yield             2017            
- 





            P/E ratio 2017            
            -            

            P/E ratio 2018            
920,00 

            
            EV / Sales 2017            
            
2,22x 

            EV / Sales 2018
            
1,75x 

            Capitalization            
            
101 M 



More Financials
 



Chart SITO MOBILE LTD




Duration : 
Auto.
2 months
3 months
6 months
9 months
1 year
2 years
5 years
10 years
Max.



Period : 
Day
Week 





 






Full-screen chart

 

Technical analysis trends SITO MOBILE LTD
 
Short TermMid-TermLong TermTrendsBullishBullishBullish 

Technical analysis


Income Statement Evolution
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Financials


Consensus


                        Sell
                   








Buy
                   


 

Mean consensus

    OUTPERFORM    
Number of Analysts

    3    
Average target price

4,17 $ 
Spread / Average Target

-9,4% 


Consensus details
 





EPS Revisions 
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Estimates Revisions


Managers
 





 NameTitleThomas J. Pallack
Chief Executive Officer & Director
Brent D. Rosenthal
Chairman
William Seagrave
Chief Operating Officer
Mark A. Del Priore
Chief Financial Officer
Michael Blanche
Chief Technology Officer
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

SITO MOBILE LTD24.66%104





MOMO INC (ADR)139.01%8 569

GRUBHUB INC22.62%4 021

COLOPL INC24.70%1 442

GUNOSY INC119.61%626

GFT TECHNOLOGIES SE-23.32%483


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave





SITO: An Investment In Location-Targeted Mobile Advertising - SITO Mobile, Ltd. (NASDAQ:SITO) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»SITO: An Investment In Location-Targeted Mobile AdvertisingFeb.22.17 | About: SITO Mobile, (SITO) GrowthHunter Long/short equity, tech, oil & gas, commoditiesSummarySITO Mobile has had a rough couple months - down 63% since October and as much as 11% on Monday.Despite 2016 challenges, company is well positioned in growing Location-Targeted Mobile Advertising Market.Valuation is compelling given future growth prospects and TubeMogul comparison.Overview SITO Mobile, Ltd. (NASDAQ:SITO) operates a mobile location-based advertising platform serving businesses, advertisers and brands. The Company's main offering is SITO Location-Based Advertising, which uses geo-fencing technology and big data to deliver high-value display and video ads to likely buyers within a certain radius of advertiser's locations. Over the past few months, the company has had its fair share of headwinds. After posting lower-than-expected 3Q16 results due to a seasonally weak advertising period, the company pre-released disappointing 4Q2016 revenue figures in January despite management previously guiding towards a seasonally strong fourth quarter given the holiday season. To compound these issues, the market reacted negatively to the news that the CEO resigned last Friday, sending the stock ~8% lower as of midday Monday to $2.10/share, ~63% below the October high of $5.60. Given the recent performance under the former CEO, I have believed a new CEO would be necessary and at these levels the stock is attractive. 

 Source: StockCharts.com Strong Product in Growing Market Fortunately for shareholders, the company has a differentiated product in an advertising market niche that is projected to grow significantly for the foreseeable future. As seen in the table below, total US Location-Targeted Mobile Ad Spending is expected to grow from $11.3B in 2016 to $26.7B in 2020. As a percentage of total US Mobile Ad Spending, Location-Targeted spending is expected to increase from ~38% to ~43%, reflecting its increased importance as part of the overall US Mobile Advertising mix.
 

 Source: eMarketer As one of the early movers, SITO Mobile is using its demand-side and data management platforms to build a increasingly large presence in the location-based mobile advertising space. The company's in-house platforms reportedly collects and analyzes over 5 trillion data points/month (device ID, location data, time information etc.), then uses that data to connect advertisers to publishers and automatically bids on in-app advertisements on consumers' mobile phones based on their specific profiles and location. The company calls this "following the digital breadcrumbs" to target the right audience and deliver ads to the right people, at the right time. 

 Source: Company Presentation SITO's platform, proprietary data and analytical tools allow companies target only those consumers most likely to be interested in their product or service, at the time and place when they are most likely to buy. As a result of the company's unique customer-targeting data and analytical platform, SITO boasts relatively strong Click-Through Rates ("CTR") in key industry verticals versus industry averages. 


 Source: Company Presentation Although many companies have attempted to provide location-targeted mobile advertising tools, according to eMarketer, many marketing professionals have historically cited their inability to measure success as the reason they have held back spending in the space. 

 Source: Statista When it comes to measuring the success of their location-targeted campaigns, this is where SITO sets itself apart. SITO's Verified Walk-In product lets marketers see not only if customers clicked on the ad sent to their mobile device, but more importantly if they then went to the store and made a purchase. This ability, allows SITO customers to optimize their platform in real-time. 

 Source: Company Presentation When combined with the precise audience-targeting capabilities of the SITO Platform, the VWI component is attracting increased attention from agencies and brands and should continue to give SITO a competitive advantage in the industry. Valuation After the 63% share price decline over the last few months, shares of SITO are trading at 1.14x TTM Revenue, down from ~3.25x during September 2016. 


 Source: YCharts.com Given the growth outlook for the location-based mobile advertising industry as a whole and the quality of SITO's offering, there are high expectations for the company's revenue growth over the next few years. 

 Source: simplywall.st Based on consensus estimates, it is expected that the company will generate $54M of revenue and $11.15M of EBITDA in 2018. Although I believe this is conservative given the level of location-targeted mobile advertising expected in the United States alone, even at these conservative levels the stock is cheap. Based on a P/S (2018E) multiple of 3.5x, the company should trade for $9/share. Second, based on the recent industry acquisition of TubeMogul by Adobe (NASDAQ:ADBE), which was priced at 15x EV/EBITDA (2018E), SITO should be trading close to $8/share. 

 Source: Internal Model Given the recent departure of the CEO, which I believe could be a turning point for the company and the low bar set by 3Q2016 and 4Q2016 performance, I see shares in the company rebounding over the next few months at any sign of sales momentum or an announcement of an industry veteran CEO taking the helm. Downside Risks As with any technology company, SITO is vulnerable to another company developing a new technology that more effectively attacks the mobile advertising market. Second, should SITO be unable to regain sales momentum the company may need to issue equity to pay down debt, resulting in dilution for existing shareholders.
 Finally, if larger players in the mobile advertising arena (Google, Facebook etc.) decide to compete in the location-targeted industry, it would force me to reevaluate my opinion of SITO's growth prospects. Summary Following a 63% decline in its share price since September, an investment in SITO Mobile seems to represent an attractive risk/reward opportunity. The company is well-positioned in the growing location-targeted mobile advertising industry, with data on millions of mobile users and a superior product that enables advertisers to more efficiently target their advertisements and track campaign performance. Given the growth prospects for the company and its relatively low valuation, I believe if SITO can reignite its revenue growth after two disappointing quarters, shares could significantly appreciate to ~$8/share over the next 12 months.
Disclosure: I am/we are long SITO. 
I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Investing Ideas, Long Ideas, Technology, Wireless CommunicationsWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow GrowthHunter and get email alerts





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksA Great Total Return Company But Quality Does Not Come CheapMSFT• Today, 9:33 AM • William Stamm•1 CommentVerizon: Safety Trade Still In DoubtVZ• Today, 9:27 AM • Stone Fox Capital•1 CommentAce Hardware: 1H17 EBIT Increased 39% On Strong SSSGACEHF• Today, 9:05 AM • Roann PartnersAdvanced Energy Industries, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAEIS• Today, 8:55 AM • SA TranscriptsInternet Fund Has Crazy Returns Since 2008PNQI• Today, 8:01 AM • Colorado Wealth Management FundRedfin Dazzles Market With Long-Anticipated IPORDFN• Today, 7:58 AM • Richard Ashton•1 CommentAT&T: A Moody's Downgrade Is Squarely On The TableT• Today, 7:30 AM • David Alton Clark•14 CommentsEndurance International Group Holdings, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesEIGI• Today, 7:25 AM • SA TranscriptsIs Corning, Inc. The Perfect Stock?GLW• Today, 7:14 AM • Russell Naisbitt•4 CommentsChip Companies Will Be Key Beneficiaries Of iPhone 8 Release - Mott Capital Management's Mike Kramer's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • SWKS, AVGO• Today, 6:42 AM • Mott Capital Management•2 CommentsSynacor: Hidden Gem With 77% Upside Trading At 4x EBITDAEditors' Pick • SYNC• Today, 5:00 AM • ACM Research Team•10 CommentsFireEye: I'm Not Buying ItFEYE• Today, 4:14 AM • Kumquat Research•11 CommentsInfineon Technologies AG 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesIFNNF• Today, 4:00 AM • SA TranscriptsFacebook: Shareholders Will Be Big Winners From Its AI FunctionalityFB• Today, 2:01 AM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•24 CommentsPandora Stock Will Only Head LowerP• Today, 12:54 AM • L&F Capital Management•10 CommentsDon't Get Fooled By QualcommNXPI, QCOM• Today, 12:41 AM • The Dutch Income Investor•28 CommentsYandex: Bumps In The Road Cause A RevisionYNDX• Today, 12:24 AM • Christiaan van der Meer•1 CommentIBM Starting To Look AttractiveIBM• Yesterday, 11:35 PM • Bill Maurer•19 CommentsApple: Is The Media Too Obsessed With The iPhone 8?AAPL• Yesterday, 11:17 PM • Mark Hibben•35 CommentsNokia Receives €1.7 Billion Upfront Payment From AppleNOK• Yesterday, 9:15 PM • Motek Moyen•11 CommentsTripAdvisor: An Excellent Company At A Very Fair PriceTRIP• Yesterday, 6:30 PM • HFR Capital•5 CommentsHarmonic Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHLIT• Yesterday, 6:22 PM • SA TranscriptsRedfin IPO Too Hot: Caution AdvisedRDFN• Yesterday, 6:10 PM • Gary Alexander•14 CommentsAMD: Investors' Dilemma, Gamers' PrideAMD• Yesterday, 5:38 PM • Right Angle•82 CommentsPodcast: AMD Earnings, Microsoft AI Silicon, Samsung, Apple PlantsAMD, MSFT, SSNLF• Yesterday, 5:20 PM • Bob O'DonnellValue In An Expensive Market: Micron's Cyclical MispricingMU• Yesterday, 5:14 PM • Garrett Finn•50 CommentsNvidia: A Short Watch Is OnNVDA• Yesterday, 4:33 PM • The Structure Of Price•43 CommentsTelekomunikasi Indonesia: Strong Data Revenue Growth Supports 15% EBITDA Growth In 1H17TLK• Yesterday, 4:11 PM • Roann PartnersRoper Technologies, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesROP• Yesterday, 3:54 PM • SA TranscriptsPayPal Invests In Cloud IQ For Ecommerce OptimizationPYPL• Yesterday, 3:50 PM • Donovan Jones•3 CommentsMatch: Dating In The Digital AgeMTCH• Yesterday, 3:49 PM • Market View•5 CommentsFirst Solar, Inc. Solid Q2 Bookings And Earnings - Still A Bet On Suniva 201 PetitionFSLR• Yesterday, 3:35 PM • Morningsidepark•6 CommentsFacebook: Trading At All-Time Highs, Yet Still UndervaluedFB• Yesterday, 3:21 PM • Robert Riesen•16 CommentsA Market Pullback Could Lead To A Buy Signal For Applied OptoelectronicsAAOI• Yesterday, 3:08 PM • Walter Zelezniak Jr•32 CommentsApple Earnings Preview: Fiscal 2018 EPS And Revenue Estimates Bode Well For The StockAAPL• Yesterday, 3:01 PM • Brian Gilmartin, CFA•22 CommentsMore Questions Than Answers At NetScoutEditors' Pick • NTCT, RDCM• Yesterday, 2:45 PM • Mike Arnold•8 CommentsAmazon: When The Micro Confirms The MacroAMZN• Yesterday, 2:31 PM • Eric Basmajian•31 CommentsKLA-Tencor Is Firing On All CylindersKLAC• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Shareholders Unite•4 CommentsAmazon Bears Will Get CrushedAMZN• Yesterday, 2:00 PM • Totoro Research•81 CommentsBrace For Any Apple Post-Earnings Price ImpactsAAPL• Yesterday, 1:59 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•69 CommentsVodafone Group (VOD) Investor Presentation - SlideshowVOD• Yesterday, 1:43 PM • SA TranscriptsCalAmp (CAMP) Investor Presentation - SlideshowCAMP• Yesterday, 1:41 PM • SA TranscriptsTwilio: Unique Revenue Model Allows For Strong UpsideTWLO• Yesterday, 1:31 PM • Gary Alexander•10 CommentsRevenue Estimates For Apple's September Quarter Are Too HighAAPL• Yesterday, 1:03 PM • ChuckJones•6 CommentsThe Black HoleEditors' Pick • AAPL, GOOGL, MSFT• Yesterday, 12:29 PM • William Koldus, CFA, CAIA•145 CommentsSnapchat - A Terrible Investment And A Win For Good Corporate GovernanceSNAP• Yesterday, 12:25 PM • Dan Irvine•14 CommentsAMD's Historical Headwinds Are Beginning To ReappearAMD• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Bank On Insight•250 CommentsNew Stocks For Safest Dividend Yields Model Portfolio: July 2017TACT• Yesterday, 11:50 AM • David Trainer•2 CommentsLet's Look Long Term After Amazon's Earnings MissEditors' Pick • AMZN• Yesterday, 11:03 AM • Jeremy Blum•45 CommentsApple Earnings: What Matters Most?AAPL• Yesterday, 10:52 AM • Bill Maurer•28 CommentsI Really Love Texas Instruments But I Will Wait For This Beauty To Come Down A LittleTXN• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • Accelerating Dividends•5 CommentsMicron Technology Continues To Outperform The Memory Industry As A WholeMU• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • Robert Castellano•80 CommentsBaidu: Move Over FANGBIDU• Yesterday, 10:20 AM • Stone Fox Capital•7 CommentsA Disturbance In The ForceAMZN• Yesterday, 10:14 AM • Scott Galloway•20 CommentsCharter Deal Might Be Expensive For Sprint ShareholdersS• Yesterday, 9:42 AM • Orthodox Investor•26 CommentsPandora Earnings: Premium Has Potential, But Radio Is KeyP• Yesterday, 9:10 AM • Max GreveSprint: A Challenging Quarter, But A Post-Earnings Bounce Is Still PossibleS• Yesterday, 8:45 AM • Max Greve•33 CommentsXO Group Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesXOXO• Yesterday, 8:34 AM • SA TranscriptsBCE: Telecom's Little GiantBCE• Yesterday, 8:32 AM • Dividend Sleuth•63 CommentsAmazon Q2: Why Is Net Unearned Revenue Negative?Editors' Pick • AMZN• Yesterday, 8:01 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•19 CommentsCorning: Analysts Just Do Not Get It (A Buying Opportunity)GLW• Yesterday, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•36 Comments3 Double Digit Dividend Growth Techno StocksAAPL, CSCO, MSFT• Yesterday, 4:52 AM • The Dividend Guy•11 CommentsIs Amazon Getting Into Social And Messaging With Anytime?AMZN• Yesterday, 3:51 AM • Galileo Russell•12 CommentsNVE Corporation: One Negative; A Plethora Of PositivesNVEC• Yesterday, 3:04 AM • Jenks Jumps•4 CommentsMitel Networks Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesMITL• Sun, Jul. 30, 10:21 PM • SA Transcripts100 Trillion Reasons To Buy PayPalPYPL• Sun, Jul. 30, 9:53 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•13 CommentsAT&T: Weighing The Pros And Cons Of Last QuarterT• Sun, Jul. 30, 8:29 PM • Dividend Stream•31 CommentsAT&T And Verizon Communications: A Near-Term Surprise And Long-Term PromiseT, VZ• Sun, Jul. 30, 7:59 AM • Roger S. Conrad•33 CommentsTelefonica S.A. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesTEF• Sun, Jul. 30, 7:25 AM • SA TranscriptsFireEye Earnings PredictionFEYE• Sun, Jul. 30, 6:44 AM • Earnings Forecast Focus•19 CommentsTwitter Is Losing Ad Revenue, What More Do You Need To Hear?TWTR• Sun, Jul. 30, 6:29 AM • David Butler•25 CommentsWhy Facebook Should Be Able To Maintain Growth MomentumFB• Sun, Jul. 30, 6:13 AM • Gary Bourgeault•20 CommentsMicrosoft And The Dynamics Of Enterprise SoftwareMSFT• Sun, Jul. 30, 5:41 AM • Beulah Meriam K•7 CommentsVerizon: Juicy 4.8% Yield, But Concerns Remain After Q2VZ• Sun, Jul. 30, 3:11 AM • Ploutos Investing•14 CommentsPayPal: Still A BuyPYPL• Sun, Jul. 30, 2:27 AM • Hudson River Capital Research•11 Comments123456...1165Next Page








Datalogic | Global Technology Leader in the Automatic Data Capture and Process Automation Markets






































chn
deu
eng
esp
fra
ita
prt
rus









COMPANY
                    








About us







Organization







Our History







Alliances







Quality, Safety & Environment







Careers










INVESTORS
            




SOLUTIONS
            




PRODUCTS
                    










In-Counter/On-Counter Scanners/Scales







Store Automation







Loss Prevention







Presentation Scanners







General Duty Handheld Scanners









Industrial Handheld Scanners







Mobile Computers







Laser Marking







Sensors







Safety









Machine Vision







Unattended Scanning Systems







Dimensioner







RFID







OEM Products








 




All Products



 







CONTACT US
            




SUPPORT
                    










In-Counter/On-Counter Scanners/Scales







Store Automation







Loss Prevention







Presentation Scanners







General Duty Handheld Scanners









Industrial Handheld Scanners







Mobile Computers







Laser Marking







Sensors







Safety









Machine Vision







Unattended Scanning Systems







Dimensioner







RFID







OEM Products








Search product













PARTNERS
            




MEDIA CENTER
            









 




COMPANY
                    








About us







Organization







Our History







Alliances







Quality, Safety & Environment







Careers










INVESTORS
            




SOLUTIONS
            




PRODUCTS
                    










In-Counter/On-Counter Scanners/Scales







Store Automation







Loss Prevention







Presentation Scanners







General Duty Handheld Scanners









Industrial Handheld Scanners







Mobile Computers







Laser Marking







Sensors







Safety









Machine Vision







Unattended Scanning Systems







Dimensioner







RFID







OEM Products








 




All Products



 







CONTACT US
            




SUPPORT
                    










In-Counter/On-Counter Scanners/Scales







Store Automation







Loss Prevention







Presentation Scanners







General Duty Handheld Scanners









Industrial Handheld Scanners







Mobile Computers







Laser Marking







Sensors







Safety









Machine Vision







Unattended Scanning Systems







Dimensioner







RFID







OEM Products








Search product













PARTNERS
            




MEDIA CENTER
            






























Memor™ X3 HC
The popular Memor X3 is now available in a healthcare specific enclosure featuring Datalogic’s advanced 2D imaging.


																discover
															






Matrix 120™
Matrix 120™ is the smallest ultra-compact industrial 2D imager that fits into any integration space. This is the newest entry level member of the best-in-class Matrix family of high performance industrial 2D imagers.


																watch video
															








Straight to our Retail Customers’ Heart






Straight to our Manufacturing Customers’ Heart






Straight to our Transportation & Logistics Customers’ Heart






Straight to our Healthcare Customers’ Heart






Previous



Next





Our Solutions








Retail
Innovation for All Retail











Manufacturing
Solutions for All Your Needs











Transportation & Logistics
Real Time Traceability











Healthcare
Saving Lives, Saving Costs










Contact and Support

Please tell us what you need help with. Begin troubleshooting here










Contacts
If you are looking for more information or advice on a particular matter, you’ll find many ways to contact us right here













Tech Support
Whether you’re looking for answers or would like to solve a problem we’ll help you resolve your issues quickly and easily













Downloads
You can download all the collaterals you may need. Images, Manuals, Data Sheets, Brochures, Software & Utilities and many others










About us

Datalogic is a world-class producer of bar code readers, mobile computers, sensors for detection and safety, vision systems and laser marking systems

Continue









News and Events
Keep up to date with our latest news stories and events. Learn more about our innovative research, world-class products and shows












Careers
Being part of Datalogic means believing in the future, progressing professionally and personally and turning passions into actions 












Investor Relations
25.97€ | -0.12 %Delay time 20 minutes03:33  PM












				This website uses profiling cookies to send advertising messages in line with your online navigation preferences and allows sending third-party cookies. If you continue browsing on the website you consent to the use of cookies.
				
					Learn more 




					Close 












































Home – Generac Mobile Products






















































 










































 






 





 

LIGHT TOWERS 

The world's largest rangeof mobile lighting towers. 

LIGHT TOWERS 







 

DUST FIGHTERS 

A wide product line ofdust control units formany applications. 

DUST FIGHTERS 







 

WASH RACKS 

﻿﻿Closed loop washing baysto clean your equipmentrecycling water. 

WASH RACKS 







 

GM POWER GENERATORS 

Many power generatorsavailable in differentconfigurations. 

POWER GENERATORS 







 

DWP PUMPS 

A range of vacuum assisted and self-priming diesel-driven pumps. 

DWP PUMPS 







 

ATB ANTI-THEFT-BOXES 

Safety steel boxes with a specialanti-crow bar locking system. 

ANTI THEFT BOXES 



 






Our Products




Light Towers
Read more





Dust Fighters
Read more





Wash Racks
Read more





GM Power Generators
Read more





DWP Pumps
Read more





Anti Theft Boxes
Read more












Our Company
Specialist since 1997, 20 years of innovation
Since 1997, we have dedicated ourselves to the production of mobile lighting towers. This focus has allowed us to develop innovative products with high performance, versatility and reliability. In 2013 the company was acquired by Generac Power Systems, Inc., the leading American manufacturer of commercial, industrial and portable power generators. This acquisition allowed Generac Tower Light to take a new step forward the development of new innovative products, as well as to increase the available product range. We have established ourselves as the dominant player in the European market, with a worldwide presence and a continuous growth throughout the years.



Read more 






Our News







 July 21, 2017						

Sleator Plant Gets a First Time Fix with V20 Northern Irish plant sales company, Sleator Plant, has bolstered its lighting tower portfolio with secured orders for the new V20 mobile light tower from Generac […]







 May 20, 2017						

1997: when everything started In the beginning, Tower Light S.r.l. was a very small family company based on three people, 3 workers, which they produced only mobile lighting […]







 April 30, 2017						

Pramac & Generac Tower Light together at IRE 2017 Generac Tower Light and Pramac will attend the upcoming International Rental News tradeshow that will be held in Amsterdam on May from 2nd to […]







 February 5, 2016						

There is nothing one-dimensional about our new CUBE+ We have recently completed the development of an exciting, fresh and truly innovative, tower light. This advanced lighting product has been carefully designed to […]



All the news 










×
Select language



English
French
Español



Region North America








×
Select language



Español
Portuguese
English



Region Latin America








×
Select language



English
French
Español
German
Portuguese
Dutch



Region Central Europe








×
Select language



English
Russian



Region East Europe








×
Select language



English
French
Portuguese



Region Africa








×
Select language



English
French



Region Oceania

























