










Norfolk Southern Corporation (NSC): Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions - Nasdaq.com

















































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search










































Norfolk Southern Corporation (NSC): Strong Industry, Solid Earnings Estimate Revisions


May 30, 2017, 08:41:00 AM EDT
By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com









































Shutterstock photo


 One stock that might be an intriguing choice for investors right now is Norfolk Southern Corporation NSC  . This is because this security in the Transportation - Rail space is seeing solid earnings estimate revision activity, and is in great company from a Zacks Industry Rank perspective.    This is important because, often times, a rising tide will lift all boats in an industry, as there can be broad trends taking place in a segment that are boosting securities across the board. This is arguably taking place in the Transportation - Rail space as it currently has a Zacks Industry Rank of 30 out of more than 250 industries, suggesting it is well-positioned from this perspective, especially when compared to other segments out there.    Meanwhile, Norfolk Southern is actually looking pretty good on its own too. The firm has seen solid earnings estimate revision activity over the past month, suggesting analysts are becoming a bit more bullish on the firm's prospects in both the short and long term.    Norfolk Souther Corporation Price and     Consensus        Norfolk Souther Corporation Price and   Consensus    |      Norfolk Souther Corporation Quote  In fact, over the past month, current quarter estimates have risen from $1.60 per share to $1.62 per share, while current year estimates have risen from $6.24 per share to $6.31 per share. This has helped NSC to earn a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), further underscoring the company's solid position. You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here   .    So, if you are looking for a decent pick in a strong industry, consider Norfolk Southern. Not only is its industry currently in the top third, but it is seeing solid estimate revisions as of late, suggesting it could be a very interesting choice for investors seeking a name in this great industry segment.   More Stock News: 8 Companies Verge on Apple-Like Run    Did you miss Apple's 9X stock explosion after they launched their iPhone in 2007? Now 2017 looks to be a pivotal year to get in on another emerging technology expected to rock the market. Demand could soar from almost nothing to $42 billion by 2025. Reports suggest it could save 10 million lives per decade which could in turn save $200 billion in U.S. healthcare costs.    A bonus Zacks Special Report names this breakthrough and the 8 best stocks to exploit it. Like Apple in 2007, these companies are already strong and coiling for potential mega-gains.  Click to see them right now >>     Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Norfolk Souther Corporation (NSC): Free Stock Analysis Report   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research



The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.











This article appears in:
Investing                           
                            
                                , Earnings                           
                            
                                , Investing Ideas                           
                            
                                , Stocks
















More from Zacks.com



Subscribe





Norfolk Southern (NSC) Beats on Q2 Earnings, Revenues Miss
Norfolk Southern (NSC) Beats on Q2 Earnings
Is a Surprise Coming for Norfolk Southern (NSC) This Earnings Season?














Related Earnings Articles




Subscribe







CenterPoint Energy (CNP) Q2 Earnings: A Surprise in Store?


						8/01/2017 09:20 AM
					



Auto Stocks' Earnings Queued Up for Aug 2: TSLA, DLPH & More


						8/01/2017 09:19 AM
					



What's in the Cards for Adverum (ADVM) this Earnings Season?


						8/01/2017 09:18 AM
					














Contributor:Zacks.com
Equity Research



Follow on:

























Most Popular




Highest Rated








Grayscale Investments, LLC Statement Regarding Bitcoin Investment
Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Is Heading Lower After Q2 Profit Disappoints
Western Digital Corp Bottom Line Rises 228% In Q4
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Sientra Completes Acquisition of Miramar Labs®







Shareholders Approve Major Structural Change to Top Performing...
Mexus releases information on current gold produced and the purchase...
World Health Energy Holdings, Inc. Announces That it has developed an...
Mitel To Acquire ShoreTel - Quick Facts
Miller Heiman Group Selects CallidusCloud Datahug for Pipeline...




View All Highest Rated






















Research Brokers before you trade



		Compare Online Brokers
	


Want to trade FX?



		Visit our Forex Broker Center 
	
















Find a Credit Card



                    Select a credit card product by:
                


 Card Type
 Credit Score
 Card Issuer



                    Select an offer:
                





0% APR Credit CardsAirline Credit CardsBalance Transfer Credit CardsBusiness Credit CardsCash Back Credit CardsCharge CardsCharge Cards for BusinessEMV Smart ChipsGas Cards & Auto RewardsHome Improvement Rewards Credit CardsInstant Approval Credit CardsLow Interest Credit CardsNo Annual Fee Credit CardsNo Foreign Transaction Fee Credit CardsPoints Rewards Credit CardsPrepaid & Debit CardsReward Credit CardsStudent Credit CardsTop 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers




Bad CreditCredit Quality AverageCredit Quality ExcellentCredit Quality FairCredit Quality GoodLimited or No Credit HistoryPersonal Loans




American ExpressAmerican Express Airline CardsAmerican Express Business CardsAmerican Express Cash Back Credit CardsAmerican Express Charge CardsBarclaycardCapital OneCapital One Cash BackCapital One Fair CreditCapital One MilesCapital One PointsCapital One Prepaid Credit CardsChaseCiti Credit CardsDiscoverDiscover CashbackDiscover MilesDiscover Student Credit CardsMasterCard Credit CardsU.S. BankUSAAUSAA SavingsVisa Credit Cards







Search





Data Provided by BankRate.com






Stocks

Referenced





NSC








60%



Rate It































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX












































Energy  - Products & Services - Siemens Global Website








































Cookie Disclaimer
This site uses cookies in order to improve your user experience and to provide content tailored specifically to your interests. Detailed information on the use of cookies on this website is provided in our Privacy Policy. You can also manage your preferences there. By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies.




Learn more







OK












Please use another Browser
It looks like you are using a browser that is not fully supported. Please note that there might be constraints on site display and usability.
For the best experience we suggest that you download the newest version of a supported browser:

Internet Explorer, 
								Chrome Browser, 
								Firefox Browser,  
								Safari Browser

Continue with the current browser









Please allow JavaScript
This page requires JavaScript in order to be fully functional and displayed correctly. Please enable JavaScript and reload the site.
How to enable JavaScript






















Contact



Global | English









Search


















Change this page to





										Deutsch 










Change region

Siemens Global
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong & Macau
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malawi
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia











Products & Services
Market-specific Solutions
Company









Global | English












Go to  



































Home


Products & Services


Building Technologies


Drive Technology


Energy 


Power Generation


Gas turbines
1


SGT5-8000H | 450 MW | 50 Hz


SGT5-4000F | 329 MW | 50 Hz


SGT6-8000H | 310 MW | 60 Hz


SGT6-5000F | 250 MW | 60 Hz


SGT5-2000E | 187 MW(e) | 50 Hz


SGT6-2000E | 117 MW(e) | 60 Hz


SGT-A65 TR (Industrial Trent 60) | 53–66/54–62 MW


SGT-800 | 48–54 MW


SGT-A45 TR | 44 MW


SGT-750 | 40/41 MW


SGT-700 | 33/34 MW


SGT-A30 RB and SGT-A35 RB (Industrial RB211) | 27–37 / 28–38 MW


SGT-600 | 24/25 MW


SGT-400 | 13–14/13–15 MW


SGT-300 | 8–9 MW


SGT-100 | 5/6 MW


SGT-A05 AE (Industrial 501-K) | 4–7 MW 




Steam turbines


Generators


Power Plants


Gas and diesel engines


SGE-EM 2 MW-Class gas engines






Compression & Expansion


Instrumentation, Controls & Electrical for Power Generation


High-voltage – Power transmission


Power transmission lines


Gas-insulated transmission lines


High-voltage cable systems




Transformers


GEAFOL Transformers


Phase-shifting Transformers




High-voltage switchgear and devices


Circuit breakers


Live tank circuit breakers


Dead tank circuit breakers


Dead tank compact (DTC)


Disconnecting circuit breakers (DCB)


Accessories




Disconnectors and earthing switches


Surge arresters


High-voltage station arresters


Medium-voltage arresters for distribution networks


Monitoring devices


Line surge arresters


Surge arresters for railway applications




Gas-insulated switchgear


Long rod insulators


Bushings




Grid access solutions 




Low-voltage – Power distribution


Components


SENTRON protection devices


Arc fault detection devices


Miniature circuit breakers


Residual current protective devices




SENTRON switching devices


SENTRON distribution components




Systems


SIVACON S8 power distribution boards and motor control center


SIVACON 8PS busbar trunking systems


SIVACON 8PS BD01


SIVACON 8PS SIMARIS sketch


SIVACON 8PS LDM


SIVACON 8PS BD2


SIVACON 8PS LD


SIVACON 8PS LI


SIVACON 8PS LR




SIVACON 8MF1






Medium-voltage – Power distribution


Solutions


Photovoltaic electrical Balance of Plant (eBoP)






Energy automation and smart grid


Renewable Energy


Services 


Performance enhancement solutions


Modernization and upgrades


Gas turbines


Advanced Compressor Cleaning System (ACCSpro)


Advanced Compressor Mass Flow Increase (CMF++)


Advanced Stability Margin Controller (aSMC)


Compressor Mass Flow Increase (CMF+)


Fuel Conversions


Operational Flexibility Upgrade


Service Package 4 (SP4)


Service Package 6 (SP6)


Start Gradient Optimization (SGO)


Starting Reliability Package


Hydraulic Clearance Optimization (HCO)


Fast Wet Compression (FastWetC)


Reduced Cooling Down (RCD)


Turn Down


Turn Up


Wet Compression (Wet C)


Advanced Compressor Cleaning System (ACCSpro)


Advanced Compressor Coating (ACC)


Compressor Mass Flow Increase (CMF+)


Control optimization of the corrected outlet temperature (OTC+)


41k EOH Maintenance Concept (41MAC)


Firing Temperature Increase (FTI)


Fuel Conversions 


HR3 Burner


Hydraulic Clearance Optimization (HCO)


Part Load Upgrade (PLU)


Power Limit Increase (PLI)


Siemens innovative 3-dimensional Turbine Blades & Vanes (Si3D)


Wet Compression (Wet C)










Topics


Agility in energy


Secure grid operation


Cost optimization


Creating a new energy world


New ideas to power the future




Power infrastructure resilience






Healthcare


Industrial Automation


Automation Systems


Industrial Automation Systems SIMATIC


PLCs


SIMATIC S7-1500






Motion Control




Industrial communication


PROFINET


PROFINET Portfolio


SINETPLAN


PRONETA




Advantage with PROFINET


PROFINET Profile


PROFINET for the process industry


PROFINET in the manufacturing industry






Industry Software


Automation Software


TIA Portal


Software


Integrated Engineering


Digital Workflow


Transparent Operation




Energy management


SIMATIC Energy Suite 


SIMATIC Energy Manager PRO


SIMATIC powerrate








Power supplies




Mobility


Rail Solutions


Rolling Stock


High-speed and Intercity trains


Commuter and Regional Trains


Mireo


Desiro




Passenger Coaches


Metros


Trams and light rail 


Avenio


Light rail vehicles for North America




Automated People Mover


Locomotives




Rail Services


Spare Part Services


Easy Spares


Easy Repair


Easy Detect


Easy Obsolescence


Easy Sparovation Part




Digital Services


Smart Data


Railigent


Smart Security




Qualification Services


Certified Training


Certified Test and Validation




Operation Services


Upgrade Services


Expert Features


Expert Sitrail D




Maintenance Services


Rail Service Center Allach


Proven Infrastructure Care






Rail Automation


Rail Electrification


Complete rail solutions


Components and systems




Road Solutions


Traffic Management


On the Road


Signalheads


Smart Detection


Overhead Detection


Ground Sensors


Video Detection




Controller




Strategic Management and Coordination


Centrals


Interfaces and Standards


Tools for Urban Traffic Control


Advanced Traffic Management


Sitraffic smartGuard


Sitraffic Scala Guide




Freeway Control


Sitraffic Conduct +


Outstations




Sitraffic Motion MX






Connected Mobility Solutions


Parking Solutions


Enforcement and Tolling Solutions


Electromobility


eHighway




Services and Operations


Integrated Logistics Solutions




Integrated Mobility


Travel comfort




Smart Mobility


On Time for Your Favorite Meeting of the Day


Take a break, board a train


The art of intelligence






Financing


Equipment and technology finance


Working capital finance


Project finance


Corporate lending




Consumer Products


Services


Industry Services


Predictive Services


Preventive Services


Corrective Services 


Digital Services


Digital Drive Train Services


SIMATIC Virtualization as a Service


Remote Systems as Managed Appliance


SIMATIC Software Platform as a Service










Market-specific Solutions


Aerospace


Automotive Manufacturing


Battery Manufacturing


Chemical Industry 


Continuous Processes


Batch Processes


Auxiliary Plants


Digital Solutions




Cement


Cranes


Data Centers


Integrated Data Center Management Suite (IDCMS)




Distributors


Portfolio and Applications


International Distributors


Support for Distributors




Fiber Industry 


Food & Beverage 


Glass


Machinery and Plant Construction


Additive Manufacturing


Machine Tools


Digitalization




Packaging Machines


Process OEM


Automation and engineering


Industrial Communication and Identification




Woodworking and timber processing machines


Multi-Carrier-System


References


Bausch + Ströbel


Optima Consumer






Marine


Mining


Municipalities and DSOs


Power Quality


Distributed power generation


Grid resilience


Transparency


CAPEX savings


OPEX savings


Unplanned outages




Oil & Gas


Panel Building


Control panels


Product portfolio


Know-how from the experts


Tools and data


Market access to North America


EMC optimization


IEC and EU Directives


Heat in the control panel


CAx Data Integration






Pharmaceutical Industry


Power Utilities


Tire Industry


Transportation and Logistics


Water Industry


Wind


Wind Turbines & Services


SWT-2.3-101


SWT-2.3-108


SWT-2.625-120


SWT-3-15-142


SWT-3.2-101 and SWT-3.4-101


SWT-3.2-108 and SWT-3.4-108


SWT-3.2-113


SWT-3.3-130 LN and SWT-3.6-130


SWT-4.0-120 and SWT-4.0-130


SWT-6.0-154


SWT-7.0-154


SWT-8.0-154


Technology


Nacelle


Blades


Winsight360




Former Portfolio


Reliability


Reassurance


Optimization


Knowledge




Offshore


Onshore


Wind equipment


Facts


Environment


Cost of Electricity




Service


References


DanTysk Offshore Wind Farm


Wind Power Digitalization


Transform Offshore Wind








Company


Press


Investor Relations


Innovation


Innovation Strategy


Inventors


Heiko Claussen


Adriana Urda


Team Graz


Roland Gersch


Klaus Engel


Werner Hartmann


Benno Weis


Hans-Gerd Brummel 




Research Topics


Corporate Technology


Pictures of the Future


Ducati


The Future of Energy


Innovation


The Future of Manufacturing


Jugend forscht






The Magazine


Fairs and Events


European Utility Week 2016




Topic Areas


Intelligent Infrastructure


City Performance Tool


Resilient cities


Financing tomorrow's infrastructure






About Siemens


Management


Joe Kaeser


Roland Busch


Lisa Davis


Klaus Helmrich


Janina Kugel


Cedrik Neike


Michael Sen


Ralf Thomas




Supervisory Board


Supervisory Board Committees




Businesses


Building Technologies


Digital Factory


Energy Management


Energy Management Core Topics




Financial Services


Mobility


Power and Gas


Power Generation Services


Process Industries and Drives


Siemens Healthineers


Wind Power


Real Estate




Siemens Worldwide


Strategy


History




Jobs & Careers


Life at Siemens


Siemens Share Plans


How one engineer is transforming the lives of thousands in Mumbai


Techno, coffee and learning German: Meet the engineers of the future 


Brain stew and other perks of electronics 


Why my mother's words didn't stop me


What do zoology, sailing and military school have in common?


The diary of a self-confessed workaholic




What We Do


Engineering


Manufacturing


Research & Development


IT


Sales & Marketing


Operations


MindSphere


Who makes the windows in space?


Why you might spot this man walking on train tracks at 4am




Locations


Brazil


China


Germany


India


Middle East


USA




Search careers


Student Program


Finance Excellence Program


Graduate Program


Siemens Management Consulting


Europeans @ Siemens


Controlling and Finance Audit


CEO* Program




Questions




Sustainability


Decarbonization


Carbon Neutral




Conservation of resources


Zero landfill waste in Newcastle




Product Stewardship


Shedding more light on the turbine




Diversity


Siemens nails its colors to the mast for more openness




Education


Corporate Citizenship


Health Management


Healthy babies thanks to Healthy @ Siemens




Safety


Compliance


Reporting channels Tell Us and Ombudsman




Human Rights


Sustainable Supply Chain


Business to Society


Arts Program


Siemens Arts Program: Visual Arts


Siemens Arts Program: Music


Siemens Arts Program: Cultural Education




















































Change this page to





										Deutsch 










Change region

Siemens Global
Algeria
Angola
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Guatemala
Honduras
Hong Kong & Macau
Hungary
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Korea
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Lesotho
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malawi
Malaysia
Mauritius
Mexico
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yemen
Zambia
















Search





















 

















Products & Services

Market-specific Solutions

Company




Products & Services





Building Technologies

Drive Technology

Energy 

Healthcare

Industrial Automation

Mobility

Financing

Consumer Products

Services




Energy 




Power Generation

Compression & Expansion

Instrumentation, Controls & Electrical for Power Generation

High-voltage – Power transmission

Low-voltage – Power distribution

Medium-voltage – Power distribution

Energy automation and smart grid

Renewable Energy

Services 

Topics












Energy






 Share this Story





Email




Facebook



Twitter



LinkedIn



Google
































					
                                                                                Mastering the challenges of changing energy systems
				







Energy systems are changing – fundamentally and fast. The importance of individual energy sources and options for power generation are changing, as are the ways in which electricity is transmitted and distributed. Power generation is becoming more and more decentralized making grid management increasingly complex. Electrical consumption continues to steadily rise all over the world.
 
Meeting these challenges requires cutting-edge products and services covering the entire energy value chain. Specifically, it calls for a comprehensive portfolio of physical and digital technologies, products and solutions that allow us to actively build our energy future. The Siemens portfolio ranges from state-of-the-art compressors, turbines and generators to virtual power plants, intelligent grid management and innovative storage solutions – all backed up by exceptional service offerings and genuine commitment to effectively address our customers’ individual needs.






                For more information please contact our Customer Support Center:
            








Customer Support Center




















					Power Generation
					










					High-voltage - Power Transmission
					










					Energy Automation & Smart Grid
					










					Compression & Expansion
					










					Medium-voltage - Power Distribution
					










					Renewable Energy
					










					Instrumentation, Controls & Electrical
					










					Low-voltage - Power Distribution
					










					Services
					




















You are here:

Overview




















Trends & Topics







					                                                             Current highlights
				





Focussing on the most challenging topics of today









Heading toward a Sustainable Energy future 






























Power infrastructure resilience

Discover solutions from Siemens that help establish highly resilient power systems that immediately recover from disruptive events and adapt to impending threats and dangers. 






























Heading toward a Sustainable Energy future

The world’s population is growing – demand for energy is growing faster. This presents four core challenges for a sustainable energy system: security of supply, affordability, climate protection, and resource efficiency. It will take ingenuity to succeed.






























IREN2

How distributed power generation works – economically and reliably






























LNG – a natural choice

Success in challenging markets – with Siemens LNG solutions




























Energy management solutions







					                     The power to make power happen
				





A reliable power supply is a key factor in a country’s economic stability. Siemens Energy Management adds to this stability with intelligent solutions.

























					Connecting Grids
					

Intelligent and efficient power transmission is key to the highly reliable and safe supply of power.



















					Agility in energy – Shaping the customer-centric utility
					

Network operators and energy providers need to operate increasingly more flexible, consistent, and efficient to master the changes in the energy system. 



















					Totally Integrated Power
					

Integrated power supply solutions enable a reliable, safe, and efficient power supply for all voltage levels. 



















					EcoTransparency
					

Increased eco-transparency helps our customers to meet operational and regulatory challenges for climate protection.



















					Power infrastructure resilience
					

Discover solutions from Siemens that help establish highly resilient power systems that immediately recover from disruptive events and adapt to impending threats and dangers. 



















News, Events and Media







					                                                             Stay up to date with the latest news
				





Read our energy-related articles and keep updated with our social media channels.






























						Reference
						 
						
						 
						
						 
					




					
                                        Reliable power supply for Mexican textile manufacturer
				







By utilizing a Siemens industrial gas turbine package the Mexican textile manufacturer Grupo Kaltex not only increased the reliability of its power supply immensely. It also improved its overall quality and reduced energy costs – a giant step forward in maximizing efficiency and an investment in energy independence that will pay off in just four years.





 






















						Power plants
						 
						
						 
						
						 
					




					
                                                            Bringing the Best in Cogeneration
				







Wherever heat is required, Combined Heat and Power (CHP) plants are a utile alternative to conventional power plants. Using thermal energy to reduce fuel consumption, CHP can achieve the same output at lower costs and minimized emissions. 





 






















						Press
						 
						
						 
						
						 
					




					
                                                                                New technology for energy transition                    
				







Thanks to the new full bridge technology for HVDC PLUS from Siemens, the HVDC converter for ULTRANET from Amprion and TransnetBW enables fault-free and low-loss transport of electricity from northern to southern Germany. 





 






















						Steam turbines
						 
						
						 
						
						 
					




					
                                                                                                    Siemens industrial steam turbines win technology award                    
				







The globally acting consulting company Frost & Sullivan has awarded Siemens the European Award for New Product Innovation 2015. It honors the company as a technology leader on the market for industrial steam turbines, ...





 






















						Topic Area
						 
						
						 
						
						 
					




					
                                                                                                                                            How a distributed energy supply works – economically and reliably
				







The IREN2 research project in Wildpoldsried, located in Bavarias Allgu region, is studying innovative grid structures for energy suply to feature distributed generation devices and their technical and economical management. IREN2 is the first microgrid test of its kind outside of the laboratory. 






 



























                Find more energy related information in our Siemens Customer Magazine
            








Siemens Customer Magazine

















Contact







					                     Contact us
				





When it comes to facing the energy challenges that lie ahead, Siemens has a lot to offer: a comprehensive portfolio of physical and digital technologies, products and solutions with exceptional services and dedicated people. Get in touch!





                For more information please contact our Customer Support Center:
            








Customer Support Center



















					                                         Related Content
				



























 Sustainable Energy
Learn more about what Siemens offers in the field of sustainable energy.





















Customer Magazine
Have a look at our customer magazines and get the latest news.





















Fairs & Events
Siemens' Fairs & Events gives you an overview of selected upcoming fairs and events with Siemens participation.





















Finance - an important factor
Understand why financing is crucial for building a future-proof energy system and what kind of solutions are reasonable.





















Keppel Corporation - Keppel Land increases stake in Saigon Centre in Ho Chi Minh City




































English  |  中文








Search searching ...









About Us





Vision & Mission


Operating Principles


Core Values


Board of Directors

Lee Boon Yang

Loh Chin Hua

Tow Heng Tan

Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai

Tan Ek Kia

Danny Teoh

Tan Puay Chiang

Till Vestring

Veronica Eng




Keppel Technology Advisory Panel


Senior Management


Group Structure


Global Footprint


Heritage

Significant Milestones






Our People





Talent Management

Keppel Leadership Institute

Keppel Young Leaders




Keppel Community

Keppel Volunteers

Keppel Credit Union

Keppelite Recreation Club




Careers

Management Associate / Management Trainee Programmes

Scholarships

Internships

Current Openings






Our Businesses





Offshore & Marine


Property


Infrastructure


Investments


Current Landmark Projects




Investor Centre





Key Financials


Results Releases and Webcasts


Financial Reports


Dividend Information


Depository Bank

2011 Bonus Issue - Cost Basis Information




Corporate Governance

AGM / EGM Information

Investor Relations Policy




Investor Calendar


Investor FAQs


Investor Relations Contacts


Email Alerts




Media Centre





Media Contacts


Media Releases and SGX Announcements


Speeches and Presentations


Newsletters

吉宝精典

Keppelite

HSE Matters




Brochures & Books




Sustainability





Managing Sustainability

Sustainability Framework

Stakeholder Engagement

Materiality Review

Awards and Accolades




Corporate Governance


Environment


Product Excellence


Safety and Health


Labour Practices & Human Rights


Community and Society


Feature Stories


Showcase


Reports




Contact Us












Media Contacts


Media Releases and SGX Announcements


Speeches and Presentations


Newsletters


吉宝精典


Keppelite


HSE Matters




Brochures & Books


		
 
          





Home
	
     
Media Centre
	
     
Media Releases and SGX Announcements
	
     
	
		Keppel Land increases stake in Saigon Centre in Ho Chi Minh City
	




19-March-2017Keppel Land increases stake in Saigon Centre in Ho Chi Minh City
 




Keppel Land Limited (Keppel Land), through its subsidiary, Krystal Investments Pte Ltd, has acquired from its Vietnamese partner, Southern Waterborne Transport Corporation, an additional 16% stake in Keppel Land WATCO I to V, the joint venture (JV) entities for Saigon Centre in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The consideration for the purchase is VND 845.9 billion (approximately S$53.5 million).
Following the acquisition, Keppel Land has increased its aggregate interest in the JV companies for Saigon Centre Phases One and Two (Keppel Land WATCO I, II and III) from approximately 45.3% to 53.5%, and its aggregate interest in the JV companies for subsequent phases of Saigon Centre (Keppel Land WATCO IV and V) from 68% to 76.2%.
Mr Ang Wee Gee, CEO, Keppel Land, said, "Keppel Land is committed to grow its commercial portfolio in key Asian cities. Vietnam, one of our key growth markets, continues to attract foreign direct investments which will drive positive demand in the property market from homes to offices and mixed-use developments. Our increased stake in Saigon Centre reflects Keppel Land's confidence and long-term commitment to contribute to sustainable urbanisation in Vietnam with our quality portfolio of properties."
To be developed in several phases, Saigon Centre is located on a two-hectare prime site in the heart of the central business district in District 1. It is also within walking distance to two planned underground subway stations located at the Ben Thanh Market and the Opera House.
The Saigon Centre retail mall, part of the Phase Two development, was opened on 1 August 2016, with Takashimaya Department Store as its anchor tenant. The retail mall has received close to six million visitors since its opening.
Phase Two of Saigon Centre, designed by the internationally renowned New York-based architect NBBJ, will comprise 55,000 sm of prime retail space, 44,000 sm of premium Grade A office space as well as 195 luxury serviced apartments when fully completed in end-2017.
Phase One of Saigon Centre, which was completed in 1996, comprises a 25-storey office tower which is 100% leased to the diplomatic corps, multinational companies, as well as banking and financial institutions. Tenants include DBS Bank, AIG, Reuters and Mitsubishi Corporation.
The abovementioned transaction is not expected to have any material impact on the earnings per share and net tangible asset per share of Keppel Corporation Limited for the current financial year.
- End -
About Keppel Land LimitedOne of Asia's premier property companies, Keppel Land, a subsidiary of Keppel Corporation Limited, is recognised for its sterling portfolio of award-winning residential developments and investment-grade commercial properties as well as high standards of corporate governance and transparency.
The Company is geographically diversified in Asia, with Singapore and China as its core markets as well as Indonesia and Vietnam as its growth markets.
In Vietnam, Keppel Land is one of the largest and pioneer foreign real estate investors with a diverse portfolio of properties in Hanoi, Ho Chi Minh City, Dong Nai and Vung Tau including Grade A offices, residential properties, integrated townships and award-winning serviced apartments.
With 19 licensed projects across Vietnam and a pipeline of more than 25,000 homes, Keppel Land is establishing itself as the choice developer, distinguished by quality and innovative lifestyle concepts.
About Saigon CentreSaigon Centre is strategically located on Le Loi Boulevard, one of the city's main thoroughfares and within proximity to the Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC) People's Committee, Ben Thanh Market, Opera House, the Dong Khoi shopping belt and prominent hotels.
Developed in several phases, Phase One was completed in 1996 and comprises a three-storey retail podium, 11 floors of Grade A office space and 89 luxury serviced apartments. Phase One of Saigon Centre has established itself as the preferred business and residential address in HCMC.
Phase Two development will comprise 44,000 sm of premium Grade A office space, 55,000 sm retail area and 195 units of luxury serviced apartments when completed. Phase Two retail mall is 100% committed with over 400 international and local brands, including leading Japanese department store, Takashimaya, as the anchor tenant. With the diverse range of shopping, dining and leisure options, Saigon Centre is poised to be the shopping and lifestyle destination in HCMC.
 
 
For further information, please contact:




Media RelationsEileen TanDeputy ManagerGroup Corporate CommunicationsKeppel Corporation LimitedTel: (65) 6413 6430 / (65) 9770 2546Email: eileen.tan@kepcorp.com

Investor Relations Ivana ChuaAssistant General ManagerGroup Corporate CommunicationsKeppel Corporation LimitedTel: (65) 6413 6436Email: ivana.chua@kepcorp.com







 Subscribe to Email Alerts   
					 Printer-friendly version






Home  |  

		Sitemap
	
		  |  
	
		Data Protection Statement
	
		  |  
	
		Terms and Conditions of Use

Copyright © 2010 Keppel Corporation Limited. All rights reserved.














The Only No.1 Global Supplier – Olin Epoxy









































































 





Search for:








 

 
 
 













Connected Globally. Delivered Locally.
Olin added Dow’s Epoxy business to its own in 2015, making Olin Epoxy the No. 1 global supplier of epoxy materials. Backed by more than 60 years of continuing innovation, we offer highly-advanced epoxy technology and industry leading customer support worldwide. 
 
 
 
 
 







We are the No. 1 Go-To

We proudly serve a diverse array of industries and applications including, but certainly not limited to, Wind Energy, Electronics, Transportation, Consumer Goods, Civil Engineering and Infrastructure. As one of the most vertically integrated epoxy suppliers, we are the go-to source of service and supply around the world.
 
 
 
 







Only Olin Offers Local Know-How Backed by Global Resources

As the No.1 global source for epoxy products and support, our customer focus has never been greater. Only Olin’s back integration and extensive supply chain capabilities provide global reach with a reliability advantage for our customers.
Our global footprint enables our commitment to provide you with innovative epoxy technology and excellent customer service on a greater scale. With a dedicated team of Research & Development and Technical Service professionals with innovation centers in the United States, Germany and China, Only Olin can provide the high-value epoxy services you need, virtually anywhere in the world.
View our Locations
 
 
 
 







The Olin Catalyst

Olin Corporation began in 1892. Following many decades of success, Olin added Mathieson Chemical Corporation into the mix, increasing Olin’s product offering. Over time, the new Olin has grown and expanded to encompass several complementary business units, among them – the Dow chlorine derivatives business now known as Olin Epoxy, Olin Chlor Alkali Products and Vinyls, Olin Chlorinated Organics, and POLYCARB. Collectively, Olin employs 6,300 employees in more than 20 countries with customers in nearly 100 countries across the globe.
 
 
 
 

 
 
 


 










For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.

 
 
 




























 
 
 









Gallium Nitride (GaN) Power Devices - Transphorm







































































TransphormHighest Performance, Highest Reliability GaN




Transphorm


TransphormHighest Performance, Highest Reliability GaN



Search



English
日本語
中文












Industry's first GaN
AC-DC power supply

The only power supply with a totem-pole PFC
design and GaN, delivering 80 PLUS efficiency,
power density and performance reliability

Learn More
World's first AEC-Q101
 qualified GaN solution

Transphorm drives another industry first
 with automotive-grade TPH3205WSBQA

Learn More
World’s first redundant power
supplies using GaN technology

Telcodium + Transphorm set new industry benchmarks
for efficiency and size reduction in power supplies

Learn More
Digi-Key now shipping
Transphorm GaN

Start designing with GaN: Full portfolio
of 600V and 650V GaN FETs and selected
evaluation platforms shipping now

Buy Now
New 650V GaN FET delivers
higher efficiency, smaller size
and lower system cost

Up to 40% increase in system level power density
Industry-best ±18V gate drive

Learn More
The world’s most reliable GaN

Industry's only extended JEDEC and lifetime testing
Industry's only AEC-Q101 qualified GaN

 
Learn More








Quality + Reliability



App Notes & Technical Papers



Buy Now



Transphorm Wire<<>>In the NewsJun 14 2017PFC totem pole architecture and GaN combine for high power and efficiencyPress ReleaseMay 15 2017Bel Power Solutions Introduces First-Ever AC-DC Power Supply Using Transphorm GaN FETsPress ReleaseMay 1 2017Transphorm at PCIM 2017: The GaN Revolution Has BegunIn the NewsApr 19 2017Podcast – Umesh Mishra: GaN and power to the people and planetPress ReleaseMar 27 2017Transphorm Announces First Automotive-qualified GaN FETsPress ReleaseMar 22 2017Transphorm Introduces Its Silicon Valley Center of ExcellencePress ReleaseFeb 28 2017Transphorm to Rev Up High Voltage GaN Industry at APEC 2017In the NewsFeb 7 2017Establishing the reliability lifecycle of GaN power devicesPress ReleaseDec 15 2016Transphorm’s Fully-Packaged GaN FETs Available Now Through Digi-Key’s Global WebsitesPress ReleaseNov 9 2016Transphorm Expands Second Generation Portfolio with Lower On-Resistance TO-220 650V GaN FETPress ReleaseNov 1 2016Transphorm to Showcase GaN Devices in Production and Other Firsts at Electronica 2016In the NewsOct 10 2016GaN power devices market growing at 86% CAGR to $280m in 2021Press ReleaseSep 14 2016Telcodium Partners with Transphorm to Introduce First-ever Redundant Power Supplies Using GaN FETsIn the NewsJul 21 2016Transphorming the Power Transistor Industry Using GaNPress ReleaseMar 23 2016Transphorm Introduces the Industry’s Only Fully-qualified 650V GaN FET with the Lowest R(on) in a TO-247



Back to top

























Waterborne Systems That Perform – Olin Epoxy









































































 





Search for:








 

 
 
 













Waterborne Systems
Our line of Waterborne Epoxy Resins and Waterborne Curing Agents offers the reliability, protection and performance you need, backed by the local customer support Only Olin can provide, virtually anywhere in the world.
 
 
 
 
 









Waterborne Systems



View Products



Product Name & Description
Type



EEW Based on solids (g/eq) 



AHEW Based on solids (g/eg)



Viscosity @25°C (mPa.s)



Solids Content (wt%)



Regional Availability



APAC - Asia, Pacific
EMEAI - Europe, Middle East, Africa, India
LAA - Latin America Area
NAA - North America Area











D.E.H.™ 800

Polyamine adduct hardener DISSOLVED in water (storage/shear stable). Alkali-resistant so useful for ECC. Visible end of pot-life. In combination with solid epoxy emulsion suitable for corrosion protection on steel. Can be used on fresh concrete (immediately after being laid).


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
150
 5,000 – 1,0000
50
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.H.™ 802

Aqueous polyamine adduct solution with emulsification capability. Offers optimized  rheology in roller & brush applications.


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
150
3,000 – 7,000
50
NAA



D.E.H.™ 804

Aqueous polyamine adduct solution with emulsification capability. Offers visible end of pot life, fast drying, low odor. Suitable for thick layer self leveling applications.


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
123
 5,000 – 11,000
70
EMEAI, NAA



D.E.H.™ 805

Standard for Coating on Concrete. Not compatible with Zink Phosphates. Calcium phosphates could be used but more expensive. Visible end of pot-life. D.E.H. 805 allows to develop roller coat formulations with a matte, satin or high gloss finish.


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
143
 1,0000 – 18,500
65
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.H.™ 806

Polyamine-adduct designed for best corrosion protection. Can handle anti-corrosion pigments. Avoid dispersion shear of >40°C. No visible end of pot-life.


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
160
 9,500 – 15,500
80
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.H.™ 810

Designed for best corrosion protection. Not compatible with  anti-corrosion pigments (zinc-phosphates). Best for clear coatings with solid epoxy dispersions. Show excellent adhesion to diamonds (Closest we have to Waterpoxy 751).


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
150
 2,000 – 4,000
50
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.H.™ 813

Designed for faster curing corrosion protection, i.e. faster version of 7006. Can handle zinc phosphate (anti-corrosion pigments). NO visible end of pot life with solid epoxy resin dispersions. Should not be used in too thick layer > 300 mu otherwise “mud-cracking” can occur. Can be dust-free in 30 minutes (when formulated)


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
140
 5,000 – 1,0000
70
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.H.™ 820

Waterborne amine-adduct curing agent without free amine. Suitable for use in applications requiring German potable water contact certification.


Waterborne Epoxy Curing Agents
–
293
 16,000 – 18,000
70
EMEAI



D.E.R.™ 900

Liquid epoxy emulsion designed for use in waterborne 2-pack coating systems. Is also used as cross-linking agent for other aqueous (acrylic-) systems


Emulsions and Dispersions
193 – 204
–
 NA
64
APAC



D.E.R.™ 913

Liquid epoxy resin emulsion with improved reactivity, designed for 2 component coating systems.


Emulsions and Dispersions
167 – 193
–
 100 – 400
67
EMEAI, LAA, NAA



D.E.R.™ 915

Dispersion of a 1-type solid epoxy resin, similar to D.E.R. 671 epoxy resin, in water with very low average particle size and narrow distribution. Absolute VOC-free for medium-high anti-corrosion paints. Also suitable for fast drying floor coatings.


Emulsions and Dispersions
475 – 500
–
 3,000 – 9,000
47
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.R.™ 916

Emulsion of an epoxy novolac resins, similar to D.E.N.™ 438™ epoxy novolac, in water. For high chemical resistance and/or high temperature resistance coating applications.


Emulsions and Dispersions
184 – 204
–
 5,000 – 1,0000
58
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.R.™ 917

Emulsion of a standard bisphenol-A liquid epoxy resin, similar to D.E.R. 331™ epoxy resin, in water. 100% VOC free. Designed for civil engineering applications requiring improved crosslink density, solvent resistance and hardness. Also suitable as co-reactant in other aqueous systems.


Emulsions and Dispersions
193 – 204
–
 3,000 – 9,000
64
APAC, EMEAI, Global, LAA, NAA



D.E.R.™ 925

Waterborne Dispersion of “1-type” solid epoxy resins with increased solids content. Offers good corrosion protection on steel as well as fast-drying on mineral substrates.


Emulsions and Dispersions
455 – 480
–
 1300 – 3,000
55
APAC





 
 
 
 





Related Industries

 







Civil Engineering, Construction










Consumer Goods










Energy










Transportation






 
 
 
 

 
 
 


 











For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.

 
 
 




























 
 
 











SOTRANS in Vietnam
































Home|Contact|Sitemap|

Vietnam





 



















About us


Services


News


Gadgets


Shareholder


Recruitment


Track & Trace


Customers


Download

























ABOUT US
OverviewVisionMissionBusiness philosophy - 4CAbout SOTRANSAbout usMilestoneCultural valueOrganizational structureLocation mapAwardsSOTRANS in globalSOTRANS in VietnamSOTRANS in globalSubsidiariesVietranstimexSowatcoSome figuresSome figuresGrowth graph 














Home  About us  SOTRANS in global  




    	
        
		        
					SOTRANS in Vietnam			





 
 




 




SOUTH LOGISTICS JOINT STOCK COMPANY (SOTRANS)
Address: 1B Hoang Dieu, Dist.4, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.Tel: (84.28) 3825 3009Fax: (84.28) 3826  6593Email:
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 Website: www.sotrans.com.vn
 



 



 
INTERNATIONAL FREIGHT FORWARDER DIVISION:
Add: 1B Hoang  Dieu St., Dist.4, HCMC, Vietnam
Tel:  (84.28) 3940 0447 - Fax: (84.28) 3940 0122
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
Airport Office
Add: Tien Phong Building, 24 Truong Son St., 
Ward 2, Tan Binh Dist., Ho Chi Minh City,   Vietnam.
Tel: (84.28) 3547 0853  - Fax: (84.28) 3547 0852
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 

LOGISTICS DIVISION:
Add: 1B Hoang Dieu St., Dist. 4, Ho Chi Minh City, 
Vietnam
Tel: (84.28) 3826 9727 - Fax: (84.28) 3940 2566
 
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 

WAREHOUSE DIVISION:
Add: 1B Hoang Dieu St., Dist. 4, Ho Chi Minh City, 
Vietnam
Tel: (84.28) 3826 9729 - Fax: (84.28) 3940 2566
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
Thu Duc Office
Add: Km 07 -  09, Hanoi Highway, Thu Duc Dist., 
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.28) 3896 0967  - Fax: (84.28)  3896 0360
 
PORT DIVISION:
Add: Km 9, Ha Noi highway, Thu Duc Dist., Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. (Location map)
Tel: (84.28) 3731 0033 - Fax: (84.28) 3728 3324
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
 
HANOI: SOTRANS Ha Noi Branch
Add: 142 Doi Can St., Dong Da Dist., Hanoi, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.24) 3732 1118 - Fax: (84.24) 3732 1119
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
HAI PHONG: SOTRANS Hai Phong Office
Add: 58 Tran Hung Dao Str. Hai An Dist., Hai Phong City, VietNam.
Tel: (84.225) 355 5519 - Fax: (84.225) 355 5519 
Email: 
 This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
 
QUANG NINH: SOTRANS Quang Ninh Office
Add: 28 Hoa Lac St., Hoa Lac Ward, Mong Cai, Quang Ninh Province, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.28) 3826 9727  - Fax: (84.28) 3940 2566
 
 
HA TINH: SOTRANS Ha Tinh
  
Add: Do Go, Ky Thinh ward, Ky Anh town, Ha Tinh province, Viet Nam.
Tel: (84.239) 386 4658 - Fax: (84.239) 386 4859
Email: 
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
 
DA NANG: SOTRANS Da Nang Office 
Add: Floor 4th, Vietranstimex Building, 80 - 82 Bach Dang St., Hai Chau Dist., Da Nang City, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.236) 384 0929 - Fax: (84.236) 389 9919

BINH DUONG: SOTRANS Binh Duong  Office
Add: 08 Ngo Gia Tu St., Chanh Nghia Ward, Thu Dau Mot, Binh Duong Province, Vietnam. 
Tel: (84.274) 383 4024 - Fax: (84.274) 383 4124 
 

BEN TRE:  SOTRANS Ben Tre Office 
Add: Tan Thach, Chau Thanh Dist., Ben Tre Province, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.275) 3611 333
 
CAN THO: SOTRANS Can Tho Office
Add: 27 Le  Hong Phong St., Tra Noc, Binh Thuy Dist., Can Tho City, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.292) 384 4453 - Fax: (84.292) 384 445
 
SUBSIDIARIES:
Southern Waterborne Transport Corporation (SOWATCO)
 Add: 298 Huynh Tan Phat St., Tan Thuan Tay Ward, Dist. 7, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.28) 3872 9748 - Fax: (84.28) 3872 6386
Email:   
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
 
Vietranstimex Multi Modal Transport Holding Company
 Add: No. 80 - 82 Bach Dang Street, Hai Chau District, Da Nang City, Vietnam.
Tel: (84.236) 3840 399 - Fax: (84.236) 3822 478
Email: 
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
  
 
3840929 


 














Home|Contact|Sitemap


       
        © 2010 - 2015 Copyright by SOTRANS. All rights reserved.     






Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Southern Waterborne Trans



















































			Currency : $
		


$







contact
sitemap
















ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789

 








Categories



A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9













>
S>Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Southern Waterborne Trans
			











Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Southern Waterborne Trans

This SWOT Analysis of Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp provides a full SWOT analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile shows a comprehensive view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats.
More details












Reference: 
SWT10101454



Quantity:




				This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product.
			


Availability:







Warning: Last items in stock!



























Share on Facebook


	Remove this product from my favorites


	Add this product to my favorites
 Print












Data sheet









Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp SWOT Analysis OverviewCategories: industry research, strategic management, financial report, company reportTag: business description, major products and services, key employees, company historyDescription: Higher competition might be possible.This SWOT Analysis of Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp provides a strategic report of businesses and operations of the company. The SWOT analysis shows strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. This SWOT analysis of Southern Waterborne Transport JS Corp can provide a competitive advantage.This analysis contains 396 data points.Last update: July 2017.SWOT - Strengths-monetary assistance provided-high growth rate-existing distribution and sales networks-experienced business units SWOT - Weaknesses-future profitability-future cost structure SWOT - Opportunities-income level is at a constant increase SWOT - Threats-financial capacity-government regulations-increasing costs-tax changes Business TrendsProfitabilityOutlookMarketThe industry shows a growth rate of about 3%.Industry specific SWOT analysis (Relevance/Importance)What happens in the underlying industry? Factors and trends affecting the overall industry and their implications for this business:Strengths-The industry shows a strong relationship with suppliers and partners. (27%, 37%)-The industry is more robust than the economy in general. (36%, 34%)-The industry has unique products. (46%, 36%) Weaknesses-We see long adjustment periods in this industry. (10%, 47%) Opportunities-The market changes fast. (39%, 22%)-The industry shows a positive trend. (21%, 49%)-New market trends can be seen. (49%, 57%) Threats-Technological changes are affecting the industry. (48%, 56%) A SWOT Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the history of the company, corporate strategy, business and financial structure, management and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis on products and services, key competitors, as well as detailed financial information.Data on this page may have come in part, or entirely, from one or more data providers. Please contact us for further information. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions on this page. This website is for information purposes only. This is a sample report.Comparable companies and industriesSee a list of comparable companies or industries depending on the similarity of SWOT elements. We use weighted SWOT factors and a clustering technique to identify similar objects.KINDEN CORPORATION SWOT Analysis3M Poland SWOT AnalysisNitto FC SWOT AnalysisSalim Ivomas Pratama SWOT AnalysisYusei Holdings Ltd SWOT Analysis







Top 5 SWOT Analysis Search AppleMicrosoftFacebookChina MobileYahoo Compliance Compliance is necessary to make sure that any business or action conducted by a company is within legal parameters. The compliance unit develops, initiates, maintains, and revises policies and procedures for the general operation of the compliance program and its related activities to prevent illegal, unethical, or improper conduct. Financial and strategic SWOT analysis A financial and strategic SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, financial data, business structure, business divisions and key operations. Each report contains a detailed SWOT analysis with additional information on the key competitors, market structure, major products, brands and services, as well as detailed financial data for the last 5 years. Due Diligence Due diligence is the process of systematically researching and verifying the accuracy of a financial statement, business or investment. SWOT Analysis – Advantages and Limitations Over the past decade, SWOT analysis has been extended beyond companies to products, organizations, countries and industries. Each professional business plan contains a SWOT analysis. What are the benefits and limitations? Advantages  You can use a SWOT analysis to summarize a complex situation. It is easy to understand and has little or no cost. Quantitative and qualitative information from different sources can be combined. Focus on the key internal and external factors affecting the organization. It is easy to perform and understand. It can be used fast.    Limitations  There is no weight or prioritization of factors. A SWOT analysis contains of a list of factors without further descriptions or links between factors. The analysis does not provide any solutions. It is only a description. 







 Free information
 Worldwide Coverage
 Free Listings
 Free Access
 Easy and Secure





Categories




A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9









Information

Specials New products
Top sellers Contact us
Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions of use
About us
Sitemap





My account


My orders
My credit slips
My addresses
My personal info


				My favorite products
	


Sign out




Follow us

Facebook Twitter 





This site uses cookies so that we can improve your experience on our sites. You can read about cookie privacy policy by clicking on this link: Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2017 Weiner Consulting. All Rights Reserved. The content of this website is for informational purposes only.
Advisor4u | 
Advisor4u Jobmarket |
Advisor4u Companies |
Advisorgate Industries |
Businessplaninternational | 
Businessplaninternational Digital 
Businessplaninternational SWOT |
Businessplaninternational Datacenter |
Businessplaninternational Freelance | 
Businessplaninternational Marketplace | 
Businessplangate 
Businessplangate Companies |
Livingplace4u College |
Livingplace4u Jobs | 
Propertyplace4u |
Productplace4u |
Advisorgate |
Advisorgate Reports 
Advisorgate BPlans |
Advisorgate Financials |
Advisorgate Competition |
SWOTAnalysis24 |
SWOTData |
Advisorgate SWOT






 





































JS-970 ALL IN ONE  - EPOS Systems | Panasonic Business












































Consumer
Industrial
Global
 



Careers








Select your languageBelgië- NederlandsBelgique - FrancaisČeštinaDanskDeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianoLëtzebuergeschMagyarNederlandsNorskPolskiPortugueseSchweiz - DeutschSlovenčinaSuisse - FrançaisSuomiSvenskaTürkçeРусский 

 








 

  










Close



                                    More about Toughbook                                




                                                    Reduced TCO                                                
Lowering your costs over a lifetime. To choose a Panasonic Toughbook is a...



                                                    Specialist engineering                                                
Engineered by Panasonic specialists, for sector specialists. Unlike our...



                                                    Process Improvements                                                
Improving processes across all sectors. Thanks to its unique ruggedness,...



                                                    The Toughest Rugged Mobile Computers                                                
The Toughest Rugged Mobile Computers. Panasonic has a longstanding...






                                    Toughbook Awards                                



                                    Toughbook Timeline                                



                                    Join us on Social Media                                




Meet J:axx
Tested beyond the capabilities of humans






                                    Toughbook                                




                                                    Fully ruggedised                                                
Water, dust (IP65, MIL-STD810G) and drop resistant (up to 180cm)




                                                    Semi ruggedised                                                
Spill resistant and withstand drops up to 76cm height




                                                    Business ruggedised                                                
Passes 76cm free fall test and 100kgf pressurised vibration test



                                                    Accessories                                                
An entire ecosystem exists to complement Toughbook and Toughpad







                                    Toughpad                                




                                                    4.7” Toughpad tablets                                                
Fully rugged handheld tablets with angled barcode reader and voice



                                                    5” Toughpad Tablets                                                
Fully rugged handheld tablets with voice capability



                                                    7” Toughpad Tablets                                                
Pocket-sized, fanless tablets with outdoor displays



                                                    10.1” Toughpad Tablets                                                
Fully rugged tablets with multi-touch, outdoor screens



                                                    12.5" Toughpad 2-in-1                                                
Semi rugged 2-in-1 detachable withstands drops up to 76cm height



                                                    20” Toughpad Tablets                                                
Ultra high 4K resolution tablets with graphic power



                                                    Toughpad Accessories                                                
An entire ecosystem exists to complement Toughbook and Toughpad







                                    Panasonic EPOS systems                                




                                                    JS-960                                                
Flexible design provides variety of installations to match any need




                                                    JS-970 ALL IN ONE                                                
The modular POS system designed for flexible use






                                    ProServices and ProTect                                




                                                    Professional Services                                                
Designed to maximize performance, efficiency and support to you




                                                    ProTect                                                
ProTect.



                                                    Solution Partners                                                
Solution Partners. To expand and enhance the capabilities of your Toughbook...



                                                    Custom Docking Solutions                                                
Custom Docking Solutions. .



                                                    Solution Engineering                                                
Solution Engineering. Our experts work with your business to fully...



                                                    COMPASS                                                
Complete Android Services and Security









News
Find out about the latest news




Industry Events
Find out about the latest events

  


Toughbook Innovation Events
See how Panasonic’s Innovation Events have been employed across the industry




Toughbook European Vertical Events
Take a look at Panasonic's European vertical events, including AIS and ATIS




                                    Toughbook Innovation Events                                






                                    Find a Partner                                



                                    Find a Software Solution Partner                                



                                    Become a Partner                                




                                                    Become a Panasonic Reseller                                                
Boost your revenue by selling products from the market leading vendor in the...



                                                    Become an ISV Partner                                                
For ISVs we have two tailored tiers, specifically created with benefits to...



                                                    New Partner Registration                                                
New to selling Panasonic? Then register your company today to become a...



                                                    New User for Existing Partner Registration                                                
Is your company already signed up to the Toughbook Engage Partner Programme?...









Case Studies
See how Panasonic’s Computer Product Solutions have been employed across the industry




Whitepapers
View Panasonic reports and research, produced with renowned institutes and industry experts

  


Sector solutions
See Computer Product Solutions at work in your Sector




Automotive                                



Aviation                                



Construction                                



Defence                                



Emergency Services                                



Engineering                                



Financial                                



Forklift                                



Healthcare                                



Logistics                                



Manufacturing                                



                                    Panasonic Toughbook Case Studies                                




                                                    Field Services Ebook 2015                                                
Field Services Ebook 2015. .



                                                    TARA Expéditions et les tablettes Toughpad                                                
Panasonic, official supplier of Tara Expeditions



                                                    Utilities Ebook 2015                                                
Utilities Ebook 2015. .



                                                    Healthcare Ebook 2014                                                
Healthcare Ebook 2014. .



                                                    Transport and Aviation Ebook 2014                                                
Transport and Aviation Ebook 2014. .



                                                    Emergency Services Ebook 2013                                                
Emergency Services Ebook 2013. .



                                                    Field Technology Ebook 2014                                                
Field Technology Ebook 2014. .






Pharmaceuticals                                



Public Sector                                



Retail                                



Telecoms                                



Transportation                                



Utilities                                


















JS-970 ALL IN ONE
THE MODULAR POS SYSTEM DESIGNED FOR FLEXIBLE USE







JS-970 ALL IN ONE
THE MODULAR POS SYSTEM DESIGNED FOR FLEXIBLE USE








 
 

 









 

  

 





 





 





Fact SheetCloseJS-970 Mid Range Fact SheetJS-970 High End Fact SheetBrochuresCloseCorporate Brochure 

 









JS-970 ALL IN ONE 
THE MODULAR POS SYSTEM DESIGNED FOR FLEXIBLE USE

With over 35 years of retail innovation and experience, Panasonic's Point of Sale Workstations are built to withstand harsh environments and provide lower total cost of ownership with all the performance you would expect from a global technology leader.





 
The new JS-970 introduces a new versatile design, high reliability and Enterprise performances.Intel® Core™ i5-4590T vPro or Pentium™ G3320TE or Celeron™ N2930 processorSupports Windows Operating Systems15" XGA (1024x768) display (17" SXGA optional project based) bezel freeModular flexible configurationsEasy to maintainCustomer facing display optionalDallas key optional3x COM Ports (2x powered). 2x Powered USB Ports (12V & 24V)








JS-970 ALL IN ONE  image gallery













Click on an image to zoom
Gallery

 

 

 

Want to talk to Panasonic? 
 
 
 



 


 

  


 









Please Select
 JS-960  JS-970  

 



Find out where you can buy Panasonic Computer Product Solutions
Where to Buy
 

  














Share




















Contact



Contact Sales
Contact Support
 








  



 
 



 
 



Close 
 

  























Industrial Coatings | Adhesives, Wasterbased and UV

































 








                              Data & SDS Sheets Available at:
                Client Login











 



 
Welcome to the new and improved Coatings & Adhesives.
Client Registration



 
The Market Leader of Coatings and Adhesives to the Graphic Arts Industry.
Learn More



 
A 100,000 Square Foot Manufacturing and Laboratory Complex Dedicated to Developing New Products.
View Waterbased Products



 
State of the Art Instrumentation
View Product Tools







Water Based CoatingsA fast drying and environmentally friendly option for commercial printing projects.
View Applications
UV & EB CoatingsInstant curing and premium resistance properties, perfect for print formats.
View Applications
Adhesive ProductsPerformance driven products that focus on protecting what’s inside.
View Products
Polymer ProductsA fully integrated producer of polymers for multiple markets, including new and specialty applications.
View Products
Digital CoatingCoatings and Adhesives supplies a wide variety of waterbased and UV coatings to work successfully over a wide variety of digital printing applications.
View Services
 
Our Story
Since its inception in 1987, Coatings and Adhesives Corporation has been at the forefront of emerging technology in the rapidly expanding waterbased coatings market, growing to become one of the largest firms of its type in North America.
The C&A product line has a documented history of performance, consistency, and economics coupled with a nationwide network of direct service personnel.





Coating CalculatorsFormulate an accurate estimate for your waterbased and UV/EB coating usage or custom formulate products specifically tailored to your application with our industry standard coating calculators.
Use Calculators
Nationwide Sales SupportWe have a nationwide network of direct service personnel ready 24/7 to answer your coating questions. Locate a representative in your state now and discover why we’re the industry’s leading firm.
Find a Service Rep
 






© 2017. Coatings & Adhesives Corp. All Rights Reserved.
Website Design and Hosting provided by Sage Island








