

Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 01, 2017 10:17 AM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the refining and marketing of petroleum products in Thailand and internationally. It operates through Refinery, Marketing, Electricity, Biofuel, and Exploration and Production of Petroleum segments. The company also produces and distributes biodiesel, as well as electricity from solar cells. In addition, it offers various fuel products, and lubricants for automotive and industrial products; Bangchak personal cards that provides discounts to people who make payments at its service stations using the cards; and Bangchak corporate cards to business owners/entrepreneurs for convenience and financial flexibili...
Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the refining and marketing of petroleum products in Thailand and internationally. It operates through Refinery, Marketing, Electricity, Biofuel, and Exploration and Production of Petroleum segments. The company also produces and distributes biodiesel, as well as electricity from solar cells. In addition, it offers various fuel products, and lubricants for automotive and industrial products; Bangchak personal cards that provides discounts to people who make payments at its service stations using the cards; and Bangchak corporate cards to business owners/entrepreneurs for convenience and financial flexibility. Further, the company provides auto-care, oil-replacement, and car-washing and waxing services under Green Auto Service, Green Serve, Green Wash, and Green Wash Express names; operates retail stores; and operates coffee shops at its service stations under the Inthanin brand. Additionally, it engages in the trading of petroleum commodities; and exploration and production of petroleum. Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited markets its oil products to various sectors, including transportation, aviation, shipping, construction, industrial, and agriculture sectors; and sells its oil products through oil traders. The company was formerly known as The Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited and changed its name to Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited in April 2017. Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited is headquartered in Bangkok, Thailand.
Detailed Description


2098 M Tower Building8th FloorSukhumvit RoadBangchak, Phra KhanongBangkok,  10260Thailand



Phone: 66 2 335 8888

Fax: 66 2 335 8000

www.bangchak.co.th







Key Executives for Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited


Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited Key Developments

Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited, Board Meeting, Jul 19, 2017
Jul 20 17
Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited, Board Meeting, Jul 19, 2017. Agenda: To approve an amalgamation between BBP Holding Company Limited (BBH) and KSLGI Company Limited (KSLGI).


Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited Announces Change in Directorship of Pichai Chunhavajira from Chairman and Non-Executive Director to Chairman and Independent Director
Jun 1 17
Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited informed that the directorship of Mr. Pichai Chunhavajira is changed from "Chairman and Non-Executive Director" to "Chairman and Independent Director" effective from June 1, 2017.


Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited Reports Unaudited Consolidated and Company Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
May 8 17
Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited reported unaudited consolidated and company earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, on consolidated basis, the company reported revenue from sale of goods and rendering of services of THB 43,994,881,042 against THB 30,275,996,717 a year ago. EBITDA was THB 4,075 million against THB 1,419 million a year ago. Profit before finance cost and income tax expense was THB 3,034,651,940 against THB 401,428,121 a year ago. Profit before income tax expense was THB 2,679,851,122 against THB 28,545,069 a year ago. Profit attributable to the owners of the company was THB 2,083,808,821 against THB 268,890,200 a year ago. Earnings per share were THB 1.51 against THB 0.20 a year ago. Cash received from operating activities was THB 1,282,526,804 against THB 6,037,121,196 a year ago. Net cash paid for the purchase of intangible assets was THB 271,802,039 against THB 111,973,567 a year ago. Return on equity was 17.02% against 9.68% a year ago. Return on assets was 10.28% against 6.36% a year ago. Investment in property, plant and equipment was THB 1,227,689,567 against THB 1,968,554,977 a year ago, an investment in refinery machinery and equipment, marketing and office equipment of the company was THB 713 million, an investment in Biodiesel plant machinery and equipment was THB 181 million, construction work in progress in solar power plant of BCPG Plc. of THB 321 million.

For the quarter, on company basis, the company reported the company reported revenue from sale of goods and rendering of services of THB 41,168,199,822 against THB 28,519,994,451 a year ago. Profit before finance cost and income tax expense was THB 2,666,124,650 against loss of THB 152,615,610 a year ago. Profit before income tax expense was THB 2,426,956,950 against loss of THB 494,793,017 a year ago. Profit attributable to the owners of the company was THB 1,944,077,104 against loss of THB 357,365,945 a year ago. Earnings per share were THB 1.41 against loss per share of THB 0.26 a year ago. Cash received from operating activities was THB 912,479,084 against THB 5,523,661,002 a year ago. Acquisition of property, plant and equipment was THB 654,810,477 against THB 1,233,887,837 a year ago. Cash paid for the purchase of intangible assets was THB 3,596,548 against THB 114,143,581 a year ago.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 99 Thuwanon Co. Ltd. Asia Apex Oil Company Limited Asia APICO LLC Asia Asia Thai Mining Co. Ltd. Asia Asian Insulators Public Company Limited Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      July 20, 2017
			    
KSL Green Innovation Public Company Limited



Private Placement

			      August 25, 2016
			    
BCP Energy International Pte. Ltd.





Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited, please visit www.bangchak.co.th.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Chaiwat Kovavisarach - President at Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Chaiwat Kovavisarach
President at Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Education Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Chaiwat Kovavisarach
President at Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.



 Overview



Age



50
                                  (Born 1967)
                                              




Notable Companies


Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.




Board Seats



9





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 166 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




Marketwire (Canada)
July 17, 2017





                        Lithium Americas Closes US$113 Million Strategic Financing with Bangchak Corporation                     





Marketwire (Canada)
July 5, 2017





                        Lithium Americas Provides Cauchari-Olaroz Development Update                     





PR Newswire
March 14, 2016





                        THE ASIA PACIFIC ENTREPRENEURSHIP AWARDS 2016 RECOGNIZES 14 LEADING ENTREPRENEURS IN THAILAND                    







 Relationships
              See Details




Bundit Sapianchai

President, Secretary & Director at BCPG Public Co., Ltd.




Pichai Chunhavajira

President at Thailand Boxing Association





Surachai Kositsareewong

Senior Executive Vice President-Accounting & Finance at Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.




Anusorn Sangnimnuan

Former President, Secretary & Director at Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.





Vichien Usanachote

Vice President at The Environmental Engineering Association of Thailand




Kiatchai Maitriwong

Senior Executive Vice President, Bio Based Products Business Unit at Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.





Pongchai Chaichirawiwat

Chief Operating Officer at Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.




Surin Chiravisit

Member at National Reform Steering Assembly





Somchai Tejavanija

Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Marketing Officer at Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.




Wattana Opanon-Amata

Senior Executive Vice President-Refinery Business at Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.







See 156 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 156 More 


 


 Paths to Chaiwat Kovavisarach



            Chaiwat Kovavisarach          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Chaiwat Kovavisarach






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Chaiwat Kovavisarach.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang






 


Asian Institute of Technology






 


Thammasat University

                  Thammasat University is Thailand's second oldest institute of higher education. Officially established to be the national university of Thailand on 27 June 1934, the university was originally named by its founder, Pridi Banomyong, the University of Moral and Political Sciences reflecting the political fervor of Thailand. It started as an open university, with 7,094 students enrolled in its first academic year studying law and politics. The guiding philosophy of the university was "to teach students to love and cherish democracy". In 1952, the university's name was shortened to its present one by the military junta of Field Marshal Plaek Phibunsongkhram who also became the first rector of the university.Nevertheless, Thammasat University has always been involved in the politics of Thailand, counting most Thai political leaders among its graduates.                





 Career History



President

                                    2012 - Current                


Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.


                  Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited was established by the Cabinet of Prime Minister Maj.-Gen. Prem Tinsulanon, in order to operate the old Bangchak oil refinery that had accumulated huge losses, and assigned important duties of maintaining energy security for the benefit of the Thai public. The company was established with the following goals:

    To be a secure Thai company operating a petroleum business consistent with the common good.
    To be a company that helps develop a better quality of life for all Thais.


This brought efficient management and activities that stressed the overall benefit of fostering a secure and progressive business; guidelines of self-reliance; and a corporate culture of creativity, ingraining in all staff that they should be “good people, knowledgeable, to benefit others.” Within 5 years, the company overhauled this failed business to achieve profits of 500 to 800 million baht per year. It became one of the top ten Thai businesses in terms of sales and was praised by influential members of the community as having set a good example, in terms of both organization and people. The company’s success at that time was always credited as a major success of the government.

Toward a Process for Community Relations
Development that comes from learning: This links Bangchak to a cycle of relationships serving as a true foundation for society. Bangchak partnered with the Si Prachan Agriculture Cooperative in Suphanburi Province to establish the first cooperative gas station, which was expanded to support agricultural organizations in the community to become owners of Bangchak gas stations, shops, oil trucks, and sewing activities. This helped them to learn organizational and business management skills with joint community ownership and was one more tiny effort in strengthening community economies, engendering self-sufficiency and a good quality of life. At the same time, the company was able to expand its retail market efficiently and develop product quality, all with the aim of helping to develop society, providing Thais greater opportunities for joint ownership. The Cabinet thus changed the company to Bangchak Public Company Limited. Now, there are more than 500 community organizations that work together in unity and growth with Bangchak, strengthening the economy, improving potential, and providing useful benefits to over 1 million agricultural families around the country.                




Managing Director

                                    2002 - 2006                


TURNAROUND Co., Ltd.






Director-Investment Banking Club

                                    2000 - 2001                


Association of Securities Cos.






Senior Executive Vice President-International Trading Unit

                                    Prior                


PTT Public Co., Ltd.


                  PTT Public Co., Ltd. is a holding company, which engages in the development and exploration of gas properties. It operates through the following segments: Upstream Petroleum and Natural Gas; Downstream Petroleum; Coal Business; and Others. The Upstream Petroleum and Natural Gas procures, transmits, and distributes petroleum and natural gas. The Downstream Petroleum segment refines and markets lube oil and petrochemical products. The Coal Business segment explores, produces, and distributes coal. The Other segment pertains to the operations of the group that does not constitute in the business of coal, petroleum, and natural gas. The company was founded on October 1, 2001 and is headquartered in Bangkok, Thailand.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

                    2014 - Current                  


Nido Petroleum Ltd.

                    Nido Petroleum Ltd. explores, develops and produces oil and gas in the North West Palawan basin in the Philippines. It operates through two segments: Production and Development Assets; and Exploration and Evaluation Assets. The Production and Development Assets segment includes oil producing assets and assets and activities that are in the development phase but have not yet achieved first oil and gas production. The Exploration and Evaluation Assets segment includes assets and activities, which are associated with the determination and assessment of the existence of commercial economic reserves. The company was founded by Charles Waite Morgan in May 1999 and is headquartered in Perth, Australia.                  




Member, Board of Directors

                    2012 - Current                  


Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd.

                    Bangchak Petroleum Public Company Limited was established by the Cabinet of Prime Minister Maj.-Gen. Prem Tinsulanon, in order to operate the old Bangchak oil refinery that had accumulated huge losses, and assigned important duties of maintaining energy security for the benefit of the Thai public. The company was established with the following goals:

    To be a secure Thai company operating a petroleum business consistent with the common good.
    To be a company that helps develop a better quality of life for all Thais.


This brought efficient management and activities that stressed the overall benefit of fostering a secure and progressive business; guidelines of self-reliance; and a corporate culture of creativity, ingraining in all staff that they should be “good people, knowledgeable, to benefit others.” Within 5 years, the company overhauled this failed business to achieve profits of 500 to 800 million baht per year. It became one of the top ten Thai businesses in terms of sales and was praised by influential members of the community as having set a good example, in terms of both organization and people. The company’s success at that time was always credited as a major success of the government.

Toward a Process for Community Relations
Development that comes from learning: This links Bangchak to a cycle of relationships serving as a true foundation for society. Bangchak partnered with the Si Prachan Agriculture Cooperative in Suphanburi Province to establish the first cooperative gas station, which was expanded to support agricultural organizations in the community to become owners of Bangchak gas stations, shops, oil trucks, and sewing activities. This helped them to learn organizational and business management skills with joint community ownership and was one more tiny effort in strengthening community economies, engendering self-sufficiency and a good quality of life. At the same time, the company was able to expand its retail market efficiently and develop product quality, all with the aim of helping to develop society, providing Thais greater opportunities for joint ownership. The Cabinet thus changed the company to Bangchak Public Company Limited. Now, there are more than 500 community organizations that work together in unity and growth with Bangchak, strengthening the economy, improving potential, and providing useful benefits to over 1 million agricultural families around the country.                  




Chairman

                    Current                  


Bangchak Biofuel Co. Ltd.






Vice Chairman, Board of Directors

                    Current                  


BCPG Public Co., Ltd.

                    BCPG Public Co., Ltd. engages in the provision of renewable energy. Its activities include production and distribution of electricity from solar cell and investment in alternative energy. It focuses on solar energy, biomass, wind, hydropower, and geothermal energy resources. It operates through Thailand and Japan geographical segments. The company was founded in July 17, 2015 and is headquarter in Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya, Thailand.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Lithium Americas Corp.

                    Lithium Americas Corp. operates as a Canadian-based mineral resource company. It engages in the acquisition, exploration, and development of lithium resource properties. The company focuses on the development of its Kings Valley lithium and hectorite clay deposit located in northwestern Nevada. It is a supplier of specialty drilling additives, Hectatone and other organoclay products for the oil and gas and other industries. Lithium Americas was founded by Raymond Edward Flood, Jr. on November 27, 2007 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.                  




Director

                    Current                  


Bangchak Retail Co., Ltd.






Director

                    Current                  


Bangchak Green Net Co. Ltd.






Director

                    1996 - 2002                  


SG Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd.






Director

                    Prior                  


Asia Insurance Co. Ltd.







 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Chaiwat Kovavisarach is affiliated with
                            Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd., TURNAROUND Co., Ltd., Association of Securities Cos., PTT Public Co., Ltd., Nido Petroleum Ltd., Bangchak Corp. Public Co. Ltd., Bangchak Biofuel Co. Ltd., BCPG Public Co., Ltd., Lithium Americas Corp., Bangchak Retail Co., Ltd., Bangchak Green Net Co. Ltd., SG Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd., Asia Insurance Co. Ltd..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















BANGCHAK HDO HIGH LUBE | Thaitrade.com: Your Ultimate Sourcing Destination - Thailand Quality Product


















 





  

 



















Home
																																												/ The Bangchak Petroleum Public Co.,Ltd.
																																																							/ BANGCHAK HDO HIGH LUBE






Please select a product variant before add to cart.





17097
244669










BANGCHAK HDO HIGH LUBE







Add to Wish list


Added in Wish list
Remove from Wish list





















































Wholesale price




Ask for price



0.00 / Pieces












Get Quotation









										Min order
									

																					Unspecified
																			




									Packaging Detail
								






									Delivery Detail
								










Product Details






Feedback (...)









											Brand
										

											The Bangchak Petroleum Public Co.,Ltd.
										



HS Code





											Size/Style
										





Weight
 




											Model no.
										





Dimensions
 




											Packaging detail
										








										Return
									






										Guarantees
									








										Description
									

										BANGCHAK HDO HIGH LUBE  is a premium-quality hydraulic oil anti-wear type made from of selected and carefully refined high-quality base stocks incorporating additives to improve the anti-wear, lubricity, load-carrying, corrosion resistance, oxidation stability and separation/foaming propreties.  Excellent filterablity, demulsification of water and high viscosity index allow operation under adverse condition and assure long oil service life. 
									












Share




















































YOU MAY ALSO LIKE

















RECENTLY VIEW
















 

About DITP

Vision & Mission
Executive Team
Organization Chart
Thaitrade Center Contact
Honorary Trade Advisors
Regional Trade Promotion Centers




Trading resources

Trade with Thailand begins at DITP
Thailand: The Golden Trade Opportunity
Knowledge
Thailand Quality Product
Most view countries




Thaitrade update

Cooperate with Alibaba
Events & Fair
Our stories
Publication




Help center

FAQ
Useful Links
Contact us




















Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.


















 Bangchak Corporation Public Company Limited









































BCP
35.50





BCP
+0.75 (2.16%)
















 
                                        Investor Relations                                    







 
                                        Bangchak Marketplace                                    







 
                                        Promotions                                    







 
                                        Bangchak Member Club                                    







 
                                        Sunny Bangchak                                    







 
                                        Bangchak Solar House                                    







 
                                        Thailand Go Green                                    







 
                                        Bangchak Mobile App                                    







 
                                        Sufficiency Economy Learning Center                                    







 
                                        eBook Free Download                                    





















Home






About Us






Our Business






Corporate Governance






Sustainable Development






Investor Relations






Hall of Fame






News and Media






Download






e-Link






Career






Contact Us
























News subscription




Title
Mr.
Mrs.
Miss
 



First Name





Last Name





Please fill in all your information.





Email

Please enter Email



Birthday



Please enter Birthday










Submit









Thank You
You have successfully subscribed to our e-newsletter.

















    

  

  

  

  



1







2







3







4







5














About Us
Our Business


Investor Relations





 





 








About Us


                                Bangchak is approaching our 4th decade with the Thai people and creating an energy business thai is environmentally friendly for sustainable development.                            




Read more




 







Our Business


                                Bangchak’s core businesses consist of oil refining, marketing, bio-products, now expanding to solar farms (a clean, natural energy), oil and gas exploration and production, and downstream innovation. BCP’s goals are to enhance national energy security while stepping into new business ventures for corporate continuity and sustainability                            




Read more




 







Investor Relations


                                According to the company culture and vision, the company has its strategy for sustainable business management by introducing sustainable management as its key component, ranging from its strategic planning, where social and environmental KPIs are made operating goals on top of business ones (financial, customer, process, and people). These are then deployed into action for business lines, division, executives and employee. 
                            




Investor Relations Site 




 













BCP




 1 Aug 2017	


                                          
                                        
 16:37








Last Done:

฿
35.50





Change: 


+0.75 (2.16%)

















  Bangchak's Oil Price






 1 Aug 17









Baht/Liter
Today
Tomorrow






 

28.52
28.92




 

24.84
25.24




 

19.59
19.99




 

23.59
24.19




 

25.83
26.43




 

26.10
26.70


Baht/Kg
Today
Tomorrow




 

13.42
13.42








                            Remark: Retail prices include the Bangkok provincial tax.                        













World Oil Price






 1 Aug 17






  To get the oil price, please enable Javascript. 


 To get the BRENT oil price, please enable Javascript.
                            











World Oil Price






 1 Aug 17






  To get the oil price, please enable Javascript. 


 To get the BRENT oil price, please enable Javascript.
                            

Source: http://www.oil-price.net









 

                            Annual Report 2016                        









 

                            Sustainability Report 2016                        








 
Bangchak Mobile App
อัพเดทราคานำ้มันและค้นหาสถานีบริการ ทั้วประเทศ ผ่านมือถือได้แล้ววันนี้ !



 



 













 Environmental Quality









                                        Air Quality Around Refinery                                        








Standard
Result



Sulfur Dioxide (SO2)
0.3
- ppm



Nitrogen Dioxide (NO2)
0.17
- pm



Total Particulate Matters (PM-10)
120
- µg/m3










Effluent Quality at Refinery                                        








Standard
Result



pH-Value (pH)
5.5-9.0
-



Waste Water BOD (COD)
120
- mg/L



Effluent Temperature
40
- ºC










Air Emission Refinery







Standard
Result



Sulfur Dioxide (SO2)
60
- ppm



Oxide Nitrogen (NOx)
160
- ppm



















 








