Nigeria total Jobs, total Job Vacancies in Nigeria - total Jobs in Nigeria | Hot Nigerian Jobs






































				New member? Register


Forgot password?







   
						



Login with Facebook






      






						      Home     About     Contact     Disclaimer  
					




 








POST JOBS FREE
 

 

Search Jobs by State
 





 
Nationwide
Abia
Abuja
Adamawa
Akwa Ibom
Anambra
Bauchi
Bayelsa
Benue
Borno
Cross River
Delta
Ebonyi
Edo
Ekiti
Enugu
Gombe
Imo
Jigawa
Kaduna
Kano
Katsina
Kebbi
Kogi
Kwara
Lagos
Nassarawa
Niger
Ogun
Ondo
Osun
Oyo
Plateau
Rivers
Sokoto
Taraba
Yobe
Zamfara




 
Management Trainee Jobs
Fresh Graduate Jobs
Officer & Grad Executive Jobs
Supervisor & Coordinator Jobs
Director & Manager Jobs
CEO & MD Jobs in Nigeria
Technician Jobs in Nigeria

Entry-level Jobs (0-2)
Mid-level Jobs (3+)
Experienced Jobs (5+)
Experienced Jobs (8+)
Experienced Jobs (12+)

SSCE/GCE/NECO Jobs
OND/NCE Jobs in Nigeria
HND Jobs in Nigeria
BSc/BA/BEng Jobs
LL.B/BL Jobs in Nigeria
B.Pharm Jobs in Nigeria
MBBS/MBBCh Jobs
MSc/MA Jobs in Nigeria
PhD Jobs in Nigeria

Online & Work at Home Jobs for Nigerians
Scholarship Opportunities for Nigerians
Career Tips & Interview Guide for Nigerian Labour Market
Cover Letter & CV Writing Guide
Competition / Contest
Business Opportunities (Entrepreneurship)
 
Sub Category
 
Administrative Jobs in Nigeria
Advertising Jobs Nigeria
Accounting Jobs in Nigeria
Auditing Jobs Nigeria
Arts Jobs in Nigeria
Agriculture Jobs in Nigeria
Architecture Jobs in Nigeria
Aviation Jobs in Nigeria
Automobile Jobs in Nigeria
Banking Jobs in Nigeria
Classified Jobs Nigeria
Computer & InfoTech Jobs
Customer Service Jobs
Civil Engineering Jobs
Cook Jobs
Database Jobs in Nigeria
Driving Jobs in Nigeria
Education Jobs for Nigerians
Estate Management Jobs
Electrical/Electronics Jobs
Engineering Jobs in Nigeria
ERP & SAP Jobs in Nigeria
Facility Mgt Jobs in Nigeria
Finance Jobs in Nigeria
Front Desk Jobs in Nigeria
Geology & Drilling Jobs
Government Public Service-
Hardware Jobs in Nigeria
Hospitality Jobs in Nigeria
Hotel Jobs
HR Jobs in Nigeria
Industrial Attachment (Internship)
Insurance Jobs in Nigeria
Internet & Work aHome Jobs
Java Jobs in Nigeria
Law Enforcement Jobs
Lecturing Jobs in Nigeria
Legal Jobs in Nigeria
Linux & Unix Jobs Nigeria
Marketing & Sales Jobs
Mass Communication Jobs
Maritime & Shipping Jobs
Medical & Healthcare Jobs
Military Jobs in Nigeria
Ministry & Parastatal Jobs
Computer Networking Jobs
NGO Jobs in Nigeria
Oil & Gas Jobs in Nigeria
Oracle Jobs in Nigeria
.Net Technology Jobs Nigeria
Personal Assistant Jobs
PHP & MySQL Jobs in Nigeria
Physician & Med Practioner
Public Sector/Service Jobs
Public Relation Jobs
Programming Jobs in Nigeria
Pri/Sec Sch Teaching Jobs
Real Estate Jobs in Nigeria
Research Jobs in Nigeria
Safety & Health Jobs
Secretarial Jobs in Nigeria
Security Jobs in Nigeria
Sales Jobs
Shipping & Maritime Jobs
Student Jobs in Nigeria
Mass Communication Jobs
Software Developer Jobs
System Admin Jobs in Nigeria
Teaching Jobs in Nigeria
Telecommunication Jobs
Unskilled Jobs Nigeria
Volunteer Jobs Nigeria
Web Developer Jobs Nigeria
Web Designer Jobs in Nigeria
 











Get Latest Nigerian Job Alert!Enter your email below. 




Delivered by FeedBurner








 







   			           Popular Jobs
						
International Organization for Migration (IOM) Fresh Job Recruitment (3 Positions) TobyKemsWorth Investment Limited Fresh Job Recruitment (4 Positions)Synergy HR Solutions Limited Fresh Job Recruitment (5 Positions)Ace Human Resource Consulting Fresh Job Recruitment (8 Positions)Nolands Nigeria Fresh Job Recruitment (3 Positions)Widows and Orphans Empowerment Organisation (WEWE) Fresh Job Recruitment (4 Positions)Sales Force Consulting Fresh Job Recruitment (3 Positions)Save the Children Nigeria Latest Job Recruitment (6 Positions) COOPI Cooperazione Internazionale Fresh Job Recruitment (5 Positions)Girl Effect Nigeria Fresh Job Recruitment (4 Positions)International Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA) Fresh Job Recruitment (3 Positions)Massive Academic Staff Recruitment at the Federal University Lokoja (FUL) (60 Positions)2017 Nigerian Navy Nationwide Massive Job Recruitment - Ends Today (31st July, 2017)Oscar Temple Fresh Graduate & Exp. Job Recruitment (10 Positions)ABB Nigeria Limited Entry-level & Exp. Job Recruitment (3 Positions)Street Child Nigeria Fresh Job Recruitment (4 Positions)American University of Nigeria (AUN) Fresh Job Recruitment (6 Positions) - UPDATEDEconomic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Latest Job Recruitment (8 Positions)Meadow Hall Group (MHG) Fresh Job Recruitment (4 Positions)Nigeria Training Network (NTN) Fresh Job Recruitment (5 Positions) - UPDATEDFirst Bank of Nigeria Limited Fresh Job Recruitment (3 Positions)Cambel Shipping and Logistics Service Limited Fresh Job Recruitment (7 Positions)JCvaxe Technology Concepts Fresh Graduate & Exp. Job Recruitment (7 Positions) - UPDATEDHNJ Exclusive: All-in-ONE Weekly Job Pack - July Week Four UPDATE!Lorache Group Fresh Entry-level & Exp. Job Recruitment (4 Positions)Red Eye Security Limited Fresh Job Recruitment (4 Positions)ICT Beyond Borders Fresh Job Recruitment (3 Positions)Graduate/Mid-level Software Programmers (Internship) at Crystalhill Software GroupHNJobs (Recap): Top Companies Recruiting For Supervisors Last Week!HNJobs (Recap): Top Customer Service Job Opportunities - HNJ ExclusiveHNJobs (Recap): Top Oil & Gas Job Opportunities - HNJ ExclusiveHNJobs (Recap): Top Management Trainee Job Opportunities Last Week!HNJobs (Recap): Top Front Desk Job Opportunities - HNJ Exclusive HNJobs (Recap): Top Internship Job Opportunities Last Week!HNJobs (Recap): Top Entry-level Job Opportunities Last Week!HNJobs (Recap): Federal/State Government Job Opportunities - HNJ ExclusiveHNJobs (Recap): Top Managerial/Directors Job Opportunities Last Week - (Over 100 Positions)HNJobs (Recap): Top Companies Recruiting For Fresh Graduates Last Week HNJobs (Recap): Top Companies Recruiting For Officers Last Week! - (Over 100 Positions)Massive Graduate & Exp. Job Recruitment for Academic & Non-academic Staff at Landmark University (97 Positions)Landmark University Fresh Academic Job Recruitment (50 Positions) First Bank of Nigeria Limited Management Associate Programme 2017Federal University, Gusau Fresh Job Recruitment (4 Positions)Skyline University College Fresh Graduate & Exp. Job Recruitment (4 Positions)Creative Associates International Fresh Job Recruitment (13 Positions)Kogi State University, Anyigba Fresh Academic Job Recruitment (72 Positions) - Part 5Massive Academic Staff Recruitment at Kogi State University, Anyigba (Over 300 Positions)Kogi State University, Anyigba Fresh Academic Job Recruitment (72 Positions) - Part 4Kogi State University, Anyigba Fresh Academic Job Recruitment (72  Positions) - Part 3Kogi State University, Anyigba Fresh Academic Job Recruitment (72  Positions) - Part 2 




IT's Your Life, Get The Best Out of It!


Hot Nigerian Job Search










 




Information is Power! Get new Jobs in your EmailEnter your Email below and click Subscribe:




Delivered by FeedBurner








Information is Power! Get new Jobs in your EmailEnter your Email below and click Subscribe:




Delivered by FeedBurner


 
NNPC/Total Scholarship Programme Disclaimer 2017Posted on Mon 24th Jul, 2017 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (0 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc - The attention of Total has been drawn to certain text messages sent to awardees of the NNPC/Total Joint Venture and National Merit Scholarship schemes, requesting awardees of the Scholarship schemes to pay certain sums of money, awardees are advised to be vigilant. - Click to read more..






2016/2017 NNPC/Total National Merit Scholarship List of Successful Candidates is OUT!Posted on Tue 02nd May, 2017 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (0 comments)

							Total Upstream Nigeria Limited (TUPNI), in pursuance of its Corporate Social Respectability under the OML 130 Asset, is pleased to offer the under listed students, an award of the 2016/2017 NNPC/Total National Merit Scholarship following their performance at the Scholarship Selection. - Click to read more..






Total Nigeria Plc Recruitment Disclaimer 2017Posted on Mon 03rd Apr, 2017 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (0 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc - It has come to the attention of the Total companies in Nigeria that letters offering employment in our companies are being issued by some fraudulent persons to unsuspecting members of the public. We wish to alert the general public that these employment letters did not emanate from any of our companies or their affiliates or related companies and thus, disassociate itself from it. - Click to read more..



2017 Total International Scholarship - TEPNG For Fresh GraduatesPosted on Sun 19th Feb, 2017 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (3 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc, invites applications from fresh graduate for the 2017 International Programme for the 2017 Total International Scholarship - TEPNG/Quai d'Orsay. The scholarship is aimed at selecting young Nigerian scholars for the 2017/2018 academic year Masters program in Engineering and Sciences (Oil & Gas related) courses from selected schools in France. - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Plc International Graduate & Exp. Recruitment Programme for Juniors (VIE) 2017Posted on Wed 11th Jan, 2017 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (0 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc, invites applications from fresh graduate and experienced candidates for the 2017 International Programme for Junior (VIE) - Special Project Engineer Solar (M/F). The position is located in Lagos State. Interested candidates should possess a Graduate qualification in a relevant field. - Click to read more..



NNPC/Total National Merit Scholarship Scheme 2016/2017Posted on Mon 24th Oct, 2016 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (1 comments)

							Total Upstream Nigeria Limited (TUPNI), in pursuance of it's Corporate Social Responsibility, invites applications from suitably qualified Nigerians for the 2016/2017 National Merit Scholarship. The programme is aimed at promoting academic excellence and quality manpower development in the Country.  - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Plc International Graduate & Exp. Recruitment Programme for Juniors 2016Posted on Tue 27th Sep, 2016 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (2 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc, invites applications from fresh graduate and experienced candidates for the 2016 International Programme for Junior (VIE) - Special Project Engineer Solar (M/F). The position is located in Lagos State. Interested candidates should possess a Graduate qualification in a relevant field. - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Plc International Graduate & Exp. Recruitment Programme for Juniors 2016 - Re-advertisedPosted on Tue 20th Sep, 2016 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (1 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc, invites applications from fresh graduate and experienced candidates for the 2016 International Programme for Junior (VIE) - Special Project Engineer Solar (M/F). The position is located in Lagos State. Interested candidates should possess a Graduate qualification in a relevant field. - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Plc International Graduate & Exp. Recruitment Programme for Juniors 2016Posted on Tue 23rd Aug, 2016 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (8 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc, invites applications from fresh graduate and experienced candidates for the 2016 International Programme for Juniors (VIE) - Special Project Engineer Solar (M/F). The position is located in Lagos State. Interested candidates should possess a Graduate qualification in a relevant field. - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Plc International Graduate & Exp. Recruitment Programme for Juniors 2016Posted on Thu 28th Jul, 2016 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (2 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc, invites applications from fresh graduate and experienced candidates for the 2016 International Programme for Juniors (VIE) - Special Project Engineer Solar (M/F). The position is located in Lagos State. Interested candidates should possess a Graduate qualification in a relevant field. - Click to read more..



NNPC/Total National Merit Scholarship Scheme 2015/2016 List of Successful Candidates is OUT!Posted on Wed 25th May, 2016 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (1 comments)

							Total Upstream Nigeria Limited (TUPNI) has released the List of Successful Candidates for NNPC/TOTAL National Merit Scholarship Award 2015/2016 to 824 successful students following their performance at the scholarship Selection Test. Below are the list of successful candidates: - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Plc Fresh Graduate & Exp. Job Recruitment 2016Posted on Mon 18th Apr, 2016 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (0 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc, is currently recruiting qualified candidates to fill the following graduate and experienced positions: - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Plc Graduate Quantity Surveyor RecruitmentPosted on Mon 18th Apr, 2016 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (0 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc, is currently recruiting fresh graduates to fill the position of: Quantity Surveyor. The position is located in Lagos State. Interested candidates should possess B.Sc. or HND qualification. - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Plc System Support Officers Recruitment 2016Posted on Tue 12th Apr, 2016 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (0 comments)

							Total Nigeria Plc, is currently recruiting to fill the position of: System Support Officer. The position is located in Lagos State. We are looking for a fantastic software developer to work on their product portfolio, joining us means joining a human and collective endeavor in which the corporate culture and each person's experience and inventiveness come together to make our group successful and build a responsible energy future. - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria:  2009/2010 National Merit Undergraduate Scholarship Award ListPosted on Sun 14th Mar, 2010 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (125 comments)

Total Upstream has released the Undergraduate Scholarship Award List for 2009/2010 Academic Session. Candidates who applied and sat for the test should view the list of successful awardees. - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Graduate Trainee Recruitment  2010Posted on Fri 02nd Apr, 2010 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (13 comments)

Total Nigeria - Total Exploration & Production Nigeria Limited (TEPNG) welcomes applications from suitably qualified Nigerians for its Oil & Gas Production Operations Training Scheme (Graduate Trainee Recruitment). During the training programme participants will be on a Training Contract and on successful completion of the training programme would be considered for the usual recruitment process leading to employment in TEPNG. - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Recruits Project EngineerPosted on Sun 09th May, 2010 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (0 comments)

Total Nigeria is recruiting for a Project Engineer. This job is for European Graduates and the Interview is in Paris, France but the location of the job is Nigeria. Requirement is A Masters or equivalent degree in science from an engineering school or university, majoring in Civil, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering.  - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria Massive Recruitment 2010 for Fresh & Experienced Graduates (64 Positions)Posted on Mon 24th May, 2010 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (38 comments)

Total E & P Nigeria Limited (TEPNG)  is recruiting to fill numerous positions (64 Open Positions) which includes Fresh and Experienced Graduates in various disciplines: Engineering, Finance, Social Sciences, Logistics etc. Total E & P Nigeria Limited (TEPNG) is a leading Oil and Gas exploration and production Company. - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria: Transit (Shipping) Methods Officer (Oil & Gas)Posted on Sun 06th Jun, 2010 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (0 comments)

Total Nigeria is recruiting for a Transit (Shipping) Methods Officer. The ideal candidate must have a Bachelor of Science degree in any Management or Social Sciences and must have at least 5 years experience in international trade / shipping or in similar activities.  - Click to read more..



Total Nigeria: Head of IntelligencePosted on Tue 21st Sep, 2010 - hotnigerianjobs.com --- (0 comments)

Total Nigeria is recruiting for Head of Intelligence. The ideal applicant should have a Bachelors degree in Law or Social Sciences with a minimum of Second class with not less than 10 years Military/ Police service experience. Conflict management experience in a senior position. The successful applicant will Source, collate, analyze and report intelligence. Identify and propose Priority Intelligence Requirements (PIRs).  - Click to read more..



(more jobs: 20 to 40)      «  | « »  1 2 3 4 5 6 Next »  »  Last
 



Home | About Us | Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Terms Of service |  Subscribe To Job Alert | Advertise With Us | Facebook | Twitter

		Copyright © 2017. Hotnigerianjobs.com - All rights reserved 
 
























Total Nigeria - Committed To Better Energy

















INDIVIDUALS


CORPORATES










                    	Careers
                    







                    	Shop
                    







                    	Customers
                    







                    	About us







 
									TOTAL IN Nigeria
						










Search







News









Energizing Life








Our Innovations


Welcome


Total Wash


Food Corner


Total Services App


Mobile Payment


New Look




Making-of




Awango by Total




Total Solar Home and Industrial Solutions





Service stations








One Stop Shop


Find a service station




TOTALCARD EXPRESS




Our fuels




Our commitments


Services and advice


Quality and safety


Your opinion matters




Shop and food services


Meal deal


Car care products


Insecticide


Lubricants


Awango by Total Solar lanterns


Partnership with ETISALAT




Looking after your car


Car wash and car care




Promotions and campaigns


Total Fanta Promo 2017


Purchase N2,000 and stand a chance to win BIG!


A matter of trust


AWANGO TV CAMPAIGNS


Total Trust Campaign


Total Quartz Campaign


Car Wash Promo




Working in our stations


Become a service station staff member


Become a young dealer


Are you are a service station owner





Our fuels








Fuels for petrol engines




Fuels for diesel engines




Kerosene




Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA)





Lubricants








Text and win promo




Brands, partnerships & motorsports


The brands


Partnerships


Motorsports




Discover our products


Total Engine Oil for Cars


Total Engine Oil for Motorcycles


Total Engine Oil for Heavy Duty Engines




TopUpQuiz




Our Services




Quizz TOTAL - Did you know?




Consumer market


Cars


Motorcycles


Leisurecraft


Garden Equipment




Total Bulk Order




Where to find our products




Contact us





Aviation








Our products 




Contact us





TOTALGAZ








Cylinders 


Accessories


Cylinders safety




Tanks


Tanks safety




Promotion




Where to find TOTALGAZ in Nigeria




Contact us





















Total Service App
Download Free





CASH-OUT IN OUR SERVICE
STATIONS





Press Release
See the latest news from Total Nigeria





No Electricity?
Get an Awango!





Start Shopping now
Buy any Total Product from our e-shop today













INDIVIDUALS












Service Stations
Find a Service Station
Our Commitments
Bonjour and La Boutique Shops
Promotions
Work in our Stations


Total Fuels
Total Fuel Quality
Fuels for Petrol Engines
Fuels for Diesel Engines
Kerosine
Fuel Price


Total Lubricants
Brands, Partnerships and Motorsports
Lubricant Varieties
eLub Portal
Car Lubricants
Motorcycle Lubricants


Totalgaz
Products
LPG in Bulk
Safety Tips


Press Releases   
Investor Relations
Sustainable Development
HSEQ


Our Websites
Total Group
Total Nigeria
Total Companies in Nigeria Website
Total Group Careers Website


FIND US
  








All websites





 Legal notice  



 Sitemap  






prf11:8


















 Promotions





 Fuel prices





Our commitments





Find a service station








X
Cookie banner 
By continuing browsing this website, you accept the use of cookies or other tracers for statistics of visits to optimize the functionality of the site. For more information and for tracers settings.



 







	
	
	








	
	
	






	
	
	
	
	
	

		
		
		
		
			
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
			 
		
		
		

	
	




  


	
	
	





Emel & AST install Nigeria’s first and Africa’s largest Solar Powered Filling Station for Total  The Emel Group This site is down for maintenance. Please check back again soon. **********************************************************************************
For Building Materials enquiries (roofs, doors, water heaters, sealants and adhesives, etc),
Please visit www.emelbuildingmaterials.com
**********************************************************************************
For Corporate gift items,
Please visit www.emelcorporate.com
**********************************************************************************
For Gas and Diesel generators,
Please visit www.greenpowerutility.com Username  Password  Remember Me      

Total Nigeria : signs pact with Blackbit on distribution of solar home solutions | 4-Traders













































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  NIGERIAN STOCK EXCHANGE,THE  >  Total Nigeria PLC    TOTAL   NGTOTAL00001










     TOTAL NIGERIA PLC (TOTAL)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







No quotes available

--
NGN
 
--.--%










07/28 TOTAL NIGERIA : signs solar energy pact for Nigerians’ domesti..


07/26 TOTAL NIGERIA : signs pact with Blackbit on distribution of solar ho..


07/18 TOTAL NIGERIA : 6 Koko indigenes get Total’s scholarship

 







SummaryNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




Total Nigeria : signs pact with Blackbit on distribution of solar home solutions 



































0






07/26/2017 | 06:08pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





Total Nigeria Plc has signed a Solar Home Solution distribution agreement with Blackbit Limited. This solar product distribution partnership is aimed at facilitating seamless nationwide access to solar energy products to bridge the energy gap in homes and optimally ensure customer satisfaction.
This partnership will enable Blackbit distribute Solar Home Solutions from the TOTAL Energy Solutions brand in outlets in Abuja and Lagos.
TOTAL Solar Home Solutions is a solar inverter kit that comprises of our high quality panels from SUNPOWER, one of the world renowned manufacturers of the most efficient Solar Panels. These panels come with a 25 year warranty but have an expected lifespan of over 40 years, a solar inverter (5 years warranty) and batteries of premium quality.
Total Solar Home Solutions are already being installed in homes across the country and are professionally installed and maintained to ensure seamless operations without human intervention. These solutions can be purchased through Blackbit outlets and other authorized distributors nationwide.
Speaking at the signing ceremony, Managing Director of Total Nigeria, Jean-Philippe Torres, expressed his joy over the development saying he was pleased with the partnership as this provides a channel for Nigerians to have easy access to reliable Solar Energy Solutions.
Said he, “Satisfying our unique customer needs is very important to TOTAL, which is why TOTAL is dedicated to continuous investment in research and innovation in pursuit of developing renewable energy products and services of the highest quality. This pursuit has led to the development of the Solar Energy Solutions from the TOTAL Energy Solutions brand, tailored to meet a wide range of home energy needs. Total Nigeria Plc is glad to be partnering with Blackbit Limited to make our quality Solar Home Solutions even more accessible and look forward to a fruitful relationship.”(c)  2017 The Sun Publishing Limited. All Rights Reserved. Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)., source Middle East & North African Newspapers




















































0






 






Latest news on TOTAL NIGERIA PLC




07/28 TOTAL NIGERIA : signs solar energy pact for Nigerians’ domestic use

07/26 TOTAL NIGERIA : signs pact with Blackbit on distribution of solar home solutions

07/18 TOTAL NIGERIA : 6 Koko indigenes get Total’s scholarship

07/18 CSR : Jos SOS village gets Total Nigeria support

07/13 TOTAL NIGERIA : Jos SoS village gets Total Nigeria support

07/08 TOTAL NIGERIA : takes students on Job Shadow tour of Delta

06/27 TOTAL NIGERIA : eyes alternative energy business for sustained growth

06/21 TOTAL NIGERIA : 100,000 Onitsha residents get free HIV/AIDS, TB, Malaria screeni..

06/16 TOTAL NIGERIA : Egina FPSO set to arrive Nigeria in August

06/16 NIMASA : Egina FPSO Will Enhance Our Safety Regulatory Capacity



More news

 







 





Financials ( NGN)
 




            Sales             2017            
311 175 M 

            EBIT             2017            
16 514 M 

            Net income             2017            
11 579 M 

            Debt 2017            
8 495 M 

            Yield             2017            
6,64% 





            P/E ratio 2017            
7,95 

            P/E ratio 2018            
6,91 

            
            EV / Sales 2017            
            
0,32x 

            EV / Sales 2018
            
0,35x 

            Capitalization            
            
91 671 M 



More Financials


Income Statement Evolution
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Financials


Consensus


                        Sell
                   








Buy
                   


 

Mean consensus

    OUTPERFORM    
Number of Analysts

    7    
Average target price

327  NGN 
Spread / Average Target

21% 


Consensus details
 





EPS Revisions 
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Estimates Revisions


Managers
 





 NameTitleJean Philippe Torres
Managing Director & Director
Stanislas Mittelman
Chairman
Felix Majekodunmi
Director
Tejiro Ibru
Director
Ahmed Rufa'i Sirajo
Director
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

TOTAL NIGERIA PLC263





RUBIS37.27%6 086

PETRONAS DAGANGAN BERHAD--.--%5 539

SUNOCO LP20.38%3 220

ORIENTAL ENERGY CO., LTD.--.--%2 833

WORLD FUEL SERVICES CORP-29.56%2 370


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave







	Home - Nigerite


























downloads 

en 







Wherever people build







HomeAbout UsProductsReferencesContact Us 




Menu
        







Home


About Us


Products


References


Contact Us















...Since 1959












KalsiCeil
PlainLegendPrestigeDiamond











CrownTile
Crowntile roofing tiles











Alurr shingles
Exquisite roof covering











Ultraspan Trusses
Galvanized metal trusses


























 Ceilings


        Ceilings - Plain & Embossed
    







 Roofing


        Roofing
    







 Drywall Construction


        Drywall Construction - Kalsiboards & Siniat Platerboards
    









Welcome to our company

As a market leader, Nigerite offers total roofing, ceiling, walling, cladding, flooring and Integrated Building Solutions. We are the only Nigerian building manufacturing company that offers full complementary installation and maintenance services.


For our company, at over fifty-seven years, we are on the upswing and we continuously improve our product offerings and building component solutions by providing world-class building materials and by ensuring best-practices in products and service deliveries to our consumers, leveraging on our leadership position and our continuous Research and Development activities around the world.



OUR VISION


“…to transform the real estate landscape through exceptional product offering and customer service delivery.”
MISSION STATEMENT
“…to be an exceptional building components solution company, by adopting innovative and technology-driven approach to wealth creation with integrity, for optimum satisfaction of our customers, shareholders, employees and the community.”









Our References





                    Kalsiboards (Cement boards)

                        
Kalsi solutions







                    My Building Boards reference

                        
hover-text







                    My Building Boards reference

                        
hover-text







                    4 x 4 Fibre Cement ceilings

                        
Plain and Embossed Ceilings







                    My Roofing Reference two

                        
hover-text







                    Siniat Plasterboards

                        
Ceiling and Partitioning solutions

























    Total (Nigeria) PLC - Company Profile and Financial Analysis
























Login -
  My basket -
  




EUR GBP 


























Total (Nigeria) PLC - Company Profile and Financial Analysis

July 2016
26 pages
GlobalData
        

Report ID: 3997452



Summary
Table of contents


SummaryICD Research's "Total (Nigeria) PLC - Company Profile and Financial Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, financial ratios, key competitors, financial analysis, recent developments, key employees as well as company locations and subsidiaries.Key FindingsThis report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "Total (Nigeria) PLC"The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. ICD Research strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.Synopsis- Identifies crucial company information about "Total (Nigeria) PLC" along with major products and services for business intelligence requirements.- Provides key ratios on company's financial performance.- Identifies key employees to assist with key business decisions.- Provides annual and interim financial ratios.Reasons To Buy- Enhance your understanding of "Total (Nigeria) PLC"- Increase business/sales activities by understanding customers' businesses better.- Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.- Qualify prospective partners, affiliates or suppliers.- Acquire up-to-date company information and an understanding of the company's financial health.Key HighlightsTotal Nigeria PLC (Total Nigeria) is a distributor of petroleum products. The company offers fuel products including petrol-PMS, diesel-AGO, kerosene-HHK, and LPFO. It provides aviation fuel through its four aviation depots. Total Nigeria offers various lubricants for automotive, motorcycle, transport, public works, agriculture, industry, fishing and outboard, marine applications, and food grade lubricants. The company provides its products for engines, industrial and domestic applications. It operates lubricants blending plants located in Delta, Kaduna and Lagos, Nigeria. The company operates 500 service stations, 19 customer service centers, 5 depots, distribution plants and warehouses. It operates as a subsidiary of TOTAL S.A. Total Nigeria is headquartered in Lagos, Nigeria.
	

		Table of Contents1 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Key Employees2 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Major Products and Services3 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Key Events4 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Locations and Subsidiaries4.1 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Head Office5 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Business Analysis5.1 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Company Overview6 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Company Financial Analysis6.1 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators7 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Interim ratios7.1.1 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Financial ratios: Capital Market Ratios7.2 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Financial Performance and Ratio Charts7.2.1 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Revenue and Operating margin7.2.2 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Asset and Liabilities7.2.3 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Solvency7.2.4 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Valuation7.3 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Key Competitors8 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Recent Developments9 Appendix9.1 Methodology9.2 Total (Nigeria) PLC - Ratio Definitions9.3 DisclaimerList of TablesTable 1:  Total (Nigeria) PLC - Key EmployeesTable 2:  Total (Nigeria) PLC - Major Products and ServicesTable 3:  Total (Nigeria) PLC - Key EventsTable 4:  Total (Nigeria) PLC - Annual ratiosTable 5:  Total (Nigeria) PLC - Interim ratiosTable 6:  Total (Nigeria) PLC - Capital Market RatiosList of FiguresFigure 1:  Total (Nigeria) PLC - Revenue and Operating ProfitFigure 2:  Total (Nigeria) PLC - Asset and LiabilitiesFigure 3:  Total (Nigeria) PLC - SolvencyFigure 4:  Total (Nigeria) PLC - Valuation
	






Immediate delivery






              $ 99 - 1 User License
              

              $ 198 - Site License
              

              $ 297 - Corporate License
              




Get Report
Pay by invoice
Get a quote



 Veronica helps you find the right report:

+1 718 213 4904
Contact by email




FAQ

Delivery time
User license
Payment options



Testimonials







The market research advisor answered my questions quickly and professionally. ReportBuyer's team did their best to ensure that I felt comfortable before making the investment to purchase the report.


Cristian Nunez
          Director of Corporate Development Chugach Alaska Corporation
        



My overall experience with ReportBuyer today has been very positive, and I must thank you for your patience (...). Also, the sample you sent me and the explanations provided were very helpful.


D. Lescuyer
          Executive Vice President Oral Business at Skyepharma
        



The research specialist was very helpful, and proposed the best content for my needs.
ReportBuyer also offered a great follow-up, thanks for everything !


P. Thompson
          EMEA Managing Director
        



We were satisfied with the support that ReportBuyer's team provided. Thanks to their recommendations, the report we purchased provided exactly what we want.


Y. Wang
          Business Analyst
        



We didn't have time to do the research internally, and thanks to ReportBuyer's team we were able to find the appropriate data.


S. Chen
          Research Coordinator
        



I was impressed by the customer service: it was fast, responsive, and 100% professional !


D. Krivan
          Market Research Analyst
        



The research specialist provided prompt and helpful service. He also followed up to ensure I had all the information to deliver my business development plan.


C. Adams
          Senior Business Development Manager
        












Our reports have been used by over 10K customers, including:









































































Related reports and data













                    MRS Oil Nigeria PLC
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for MRS Oil Nigeria PLC  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    Total Nigeria PLC
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Total Nigeria PLC  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            
















                    Consolidated Hallmark Insurance Plc
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    50 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Consolidated Hallmark Insurance Plc  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    Japaul Oil & Maritime Services Plc
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Japaul Oil & Maritime Services Plc  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    Skye Bank Public Limited Company
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    56 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Skye Bank Public Limited Company  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    John Holt Plc
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    66 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for John Holt Plc  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            





More…





        Country=Nigeria Date=201607 Topic=FinancialAnalysis Publisher=GlobalData Price=1000
    












 



















Oil for Car, Truck, Motorcyle | Total Lubricants















TOTAL Automotive, Industry & Marine Oils










        	YouTube
        







                    	Facebook
                    






        	Twitter
        







                    	Contact us
                    






 
									Total
						










Search







Products










Consumers








Lube Solutions for cars


Engine oil


Transmission fluids




Lube solutions for Motorcycles


HI PERF scooter and motorcycle oils




Lube solutions for scooters




Lube solutions for leisure boats




Coolants and antifreeze


Why do you need a coolant?


What is a good coolant?


Discover our range


A differentiating offer




AdBlue for Passenger cars


AdBlue FAQs





Professionals








On Road and off road business


Heavy duty range


Heavy duty - PC-11


Agriculture


Mining Industry


Public works


Coastal shipping/Fishing




Truck Dealers


Oil for DAF


Oil for IVECO


Oil for MAN


Oil for Mercedez-Benz


Oil for Scania


Oil for Volvo




Car Dealers


Oil for BMW


Oil for Citroen


Oil for Ford


Oil for General Motors


Oil for Great Wall Motors


Oil for Kia


Oil for Mercedes


Oil for Peugeot


Oil for Porsche


Oil for Volkswagen




Distributors




Garages/Resellers




Marine Lubricants




AdBlue


What is AdBlue®?


What is Diaxol?





Industry








News




Our products




Which solution for your business?


Automotive industry


Aviation industry


Chemical industry


Cement industry


Energy production industry


Food industry


Metalworking industry


Mining Industry


Paper industry


Steel industry


Textile industry


Wood industry


Our greases


Our biodegradable lubricants




Our commitments





Partners








Automotive partnerships


Nissan


Citroen


Peugeot


Peugeot Scooters


Peugeot 208 HYbrid FE 


Mazda


Kia


Tata Motors


Sany


Great Wall Motors




Industry partnerships




Sportive partnerships 


Badminton partnership





Motorsports








Expertise in lubricants




F1




WRC




Dakar




WRX


WRX overview




Moto2


Estrella Galicia


Franco Morbidelli


Alex Marquez




Total in endurance racing


Aston Martin Racing Team quotes


Added value of TOTAL in Endurance





Environment








Innovation for Environment




Sustainable development


Our commitments for lubricants


Low SAPS lubricants


Clean vehicles


Fuel Economy


Biolubricants




Quality & Safety


REACH


ISO 9001 & ISO 14000


Norms


Used Oils


Road safety campaign





FAQs








How


How to do an oil change?


How to check brake fluid?


How to change brake fluid?


How to check engine oil?


How to check transmission fluid level?


How to change antifreeze in a car?


How to change motorbike oil?


How to top up your oil?


How motor oil works?


How are lubricants functioning?


How to choose the right lubricant?




Brake fluids


Classes of brake fluids


Brake fluid composition


Brake fluids mode of action


Brake fluid characteristics


Brake fluid types


Brake fluids trends


Brake fluid service and maintenance


Brake fluid safety precautions


Brake fluid handling guidelines


Brake fluid miscibility




Oil use


How to dispose of motor oil?


Recycle oil


Oil pollution


Burning oil


Does motor oil expire?




Oil change


What is oil change?


Why change oil in car?




Synthetic oil


More about synthetic oil


Full synthetic oil change




Best oil


Best oil to use


Best motor oil for cars


Best oil for motorcycles


Motorcycle oil filters


Best brake fluid


Best high mileage oil


Best Toyota transmission fluid


Best oil quality




Oil viscosity


What is oil viscosity


What are oil grades


What viscosity oil to use


What is motor oil VI


What oil to use for my car


Oil viscosity chart


Oil selector




Oil near  me


Oil change near me


Oil wholesale distributor





ANAC









Contact us




ANAC oil analysis




ANAC Worldwide




ANAC expertise




Advantages of ANAC


Save money with ANAC oil analysis


Total fleet Management


Outstanding laboratory techniques


A powerful database


With ANAC, a state-of-the art oil analysis report




Our ANAC services


Oil analysis services for your business


ANAC Pro


ANAC Expert


ANAC Visio


ANAC Gas


ANAC Coolant


ANAC Indus




Testimonials




E-Shop ANAC


Oil analysis kit


Buy an ANAC Kit


FAQ





News

























Our new app 
Discover TOTAL Live Racing





OUR FUEL ECONOMY DIFFERENTIATING OFFER
Discover our Fuel Economy website 





TOTAL QUARTZ lubricants
Discover more about our car engine oils





MOTORSPORTS
Download our wallpapers 





Select your country
Visit all the TOTAL websites.





INDUSTRIAL LUBRICANTS
Discover our solutions













TOTAL Lubricants











Consumers


Lube Solutions for cars


Lube solutions for Motorcycles


Lube solutions for scooters


Lube solutions for leisure boats





Professionals


Truck Dealers


Car Dealers


Distributors


Garages/Resellers


On Road and off road business





Industry


News


Which solution for your business


Our commitments

FAQ




Partnerships


Automotive partnerships


Industry partnerships


Sportive partnerships 





Motorsports


F1


WRC


Dakar


WTCC


WRX





ANAC


Contact us

What is ANAC?

ANAC Worldwide


ANAC expertise


Advantages of ANAC


Our ANAC services


Testimonials


E-Shop ANAC








All websites






 Legal notices  




  









































prf11:8


















Find us





Find your product





Our SDS





All about us








X
By continuing browsing this website, you accept the use of cookies or other tracers for statistics of visits to optimize the functionality of the site. General terms and conditions of use 



 







	
	
	








	
	
	






	
	
	
	
	
	

		
		
		
		
			
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
			 
		
		
		

	
	




  


	
	
	






  TOTAL:Lagos Stock Quote - Total Nigeria PLC - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Total Nigeria PLC   TOTAL:NL   Lagos        270.00NGN   0.00   0.00%     As of 9:30 AM EDT 8/1/2017     Open   270.00    Day Range   267.21 - 270.00    Volume   1,086,415    Previous Close   270.00    52Wk Range   181.05 - 345.00    1 Yr Return   43.81%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   270.00    Day Range   267.21 - 270.00    Volume   1,086,415    Previous Close   270.00    52Wk Range   181.05 - 345.00    1 Yr Return   43.81%    YTD Return   -9.70%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   8.76    Earnings per Share (NGN) (TTM)   30.84    Market Cap (b NGN)   91.668    Shares Outstanding  (m)   339.522    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.31    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   2.59%        Sector Energy   % Price Change +0.23%     Industry Energy   % Price Change +0.23%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Total Nigeria Plc distributes and markets refined petroleum products and fuels. The company further sells LPG and operates lubricant blending plants in Nigeria.    Address  4 Afribank StreetVictoria IslandLagos, PMB 2143Nigeria   Phone  234-1-262-1781   Website   www.total.com.ng     Executives Board Members    Stanislas Mittelman  Chairman    Jean Philippe Torres  Managing Director    Dormoy Bruno  Exec Dir:Finance & Dev    Mathieu Soulas  VP:Lubricants    O A Popoola "Mordi"  Secretary     Show More         