 





























Home - Canon UK



























We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience in your interactions with Canon and on our website – find out more about our use of Cookies and change your cookie settings here. You agree to our use of cookies on your device by continuing to use our website or by clicking I Accept.

Close


no
consumer



















STORIES

ARE EVERYWHERE				    

				        Our 365 Days of Summer competition has come to an end, but this is just the beginning of you living for the story. Get inspired and see the winning entry, when you click below.
			        
DISCOVER MORE




Latest from Canon




Featured

























NEW
EOS 6D Mark II
The small full-frame camera with a big heart.






















CASHBACK OFFER
Up to £80 cashback
When you buy selected products at participating retailers, terms and conditions apply.






















APP
Canon Photo Companion
Learn tips and tricks to make the most of your camera.






















NEWSLETTER
Join the storytellers
Sign-up for our newsletter, info and more.






















PROMOTIONS
Latest offers from Canon
Current promotional offers and cashback deals from Canon.






















STORIES
Live For The Story
Need inspiration? Explore our latest photography stories.






















EXPLORE
Mirrorless or DSLR
All the information you need to choose the ideal camera for you.






















EVENTS & EXHIBITIONS
Latest Canon events
Canon's host and attend a wide range of exciting events.






















NEW ARRIVALS
Official Canon Merchandise
Check out the new and exclusive T-shirts, caps, bags and more.






















Careers
Careers at Canon
Live your passion. Browse our current vacancies.






















NEW
EOS 200D
Compact, simple and versatile – a camera that’s connected to your life.













Connect with Canon
Create beautiful timelines, personalise your photos and share the things that matter






















Relive every moment. All your photos in one safe place.
Get Started 











Relive, share and remember every moment of your child’s story.
Get Started 











Bring your images to life.
Get Started 




















Looking for product support?
SELECT YOUR PRODUCT
Try our business product support  










Sign up for our newsletter
Get all the latest news and product information
Subscribe 













Canon













Products 

New Products
New Products

Cameras
Cameras

Video Cameras
Video Cameras

Lenses
Lenses

Printers
Printers

Ink, Toner & Paper
Ink, Toner & Paper

Image & Video Management
Image & Video Management

Where to Buy
Where to Buy




Services 

Apps
Apps

Services
Services

Photo Books
Photo Books

irista
irista

Lifecake
Lifecake




Get Inspired 

Inspiration
Inspiration

Tips & Tutorials
Tips & Tutorials

YouConnect
YouConnect

Gallery
Gallery




Support 

Downloads
Downloads

Drivers
Drivers

FAQs
FAQs

Manuals
Manuals

Software
Software

Business Site
Business Site

Repair Centres
Repair Centres

Contact Support
Contact Support













Contact Us
Contact Us

About Us
About Us

Press Centre
Press Centre

Work for Canon
Work for Canon

Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions

Cookie Information
Cookie Information





  Canon UK 
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube









More ways to shop: visit the Canon Store or find a reseller.


Copyright 2017. All Rights Reserved.










or










Close




Search on



Search on

























 





























 




















                {{offlineMessage}}
            





 












Try Microsoft Edge
A fast and secure browser that's designed for Windows 10


No thanks
Get started








Skip to main content







Microsoft









0
 items in shopping cart




Sign in




















 Javascript is disabled 
 Please enable javascript and refresh the page 















 Cookies are disabled  
 Please enable cookies and refresh the page 



CV: {{ getCv() }}

















































Adobe: Creative, marketing and document management solutions
















































Make it. Creative Cloud.

Go wild with the world's best creative apps for photography, design, video, websites, and more.



Individuals


Business



            We have Creative Cloud plans for everyone, starting at $9.99/mo.
        






    
    Exhale your fear by Mario Olvera


Made with


Creative Cloud
        






Special offers for:


            Students
        



            Photographers
        



            Business
        



            Adobe Stock
        











Make experience your business.
Deliver amazing customer experiences with an integrated set of solutions to build campaigns, manage advertising, and gain data insights.


Learn about Experience Cloud






Adobe stands alone as the Leader in Digital Intelligence Platforms.


            Learn more ›
        










 
"The best Acrobat yet."

- PC Magazine
Convert, sign, and send documents on any device with the world's best PDF solution. 



Buy now



            Free trial
        








































Advertising - Wikipedia






















 







Advertising

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

This is the latest accepted revision, reviewed on 30 July 2017.




					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For advertising in Wikipedia articles, see Wikipedia:Spam. For proposal on advertising about Wikipedia, see Wikipedia:Advertisements.
"Ad", "Advertiser", and "Adverts" redirect here. For the English punk band, see The Adverts. For other uses, see AD (disambiguation) and Advertiser (disambiguation).




A Coca-Cola advertisement from the 1890s




Marketing




Marketing
Marketing management






Key concepts


Product marketing
Pricing
Distribution
Service
Retail
Brand management
Brand licensing
Co-creation
Account-based marketing
Ethics
Effectiveness
Research
Segmentation
Strategy
Activation
Management
Dominance
Marketing operations
Social marketing
Identity
Digital marketing
Promotion








Promotional content


Advertising
Branding
Underwriting spot
Direct marketing
Personal selling
Product placement
Propaganda
Publicity
Sales promotion
Sex in advertising
Loyalty marketing
Mobile marketing
Premiums
Prizes
Corporate anniversary
On-hold messaging








Promotional media


Printing
Publication
Broadcasting
Out-of-home advertising
Internet
Display advertising
Behavioral targeting
Web banner
Point of sale
Merchandise
In-game advertising
Mobile advertising
Native advertising
Product demonstration
Word-of-mouth
Brand ambassador
Drip marketing
Visual merchandising
New media









v
t
e





Advertising is an audio or visual form of marketing communication that employs an openly sponsored, nonpersonal message to promote or sell a product, service or idea.[1]:465 Sponsors of advertising are often businesses who wish to promote their products or services. Advertising is differentiated from public relations in that an advertiser usually pays for and has control over the message. It is differentiated from personal selling in that the message is nonpersonal, i.e., not directed to a particular individual.[1]:661,672 Advertising is communicated through various mass media,[2] including old media such as newspapers, magazines, Television, Radio, outdoor advertising or direct mail; or new media such as search results, blogs, websites or text messages. The actual presentation of the message in a medium is referred to as an advertisement or "ad".
Commercial ads often seek to generate increased consumption of their products or services through "branding," which associates a product name or image with certain qualities in the minds of consumers. On the other hand, ads that intend to elicit an immediate sale are known as direct response advertising. Non-commercial advertisers who spend money to advertise items other than a consumer product or service include political parties, interest groups, religious organizations and governmental agencies. Non-profit organizations may use free modes of persuasion, such as a public service announcement. Advertising may also be used to reassure employees or shareholders that a company is viable or successful.
Modern advertising was created with the techniques introduced with tobacco advertising in the 1920s, most significantly with the campaigns of Edward Bernays, considered the founder of modern, "Madison Avenue" advertising.[3][4]
In 2015, the world spent an estimate of US$529.43 billion on advertising.[5] Its projected distribution for 2017 is 40.4% on TV, 33.3% on digital, 9% on newspapers, 6.9% on magazines, 5.8% on outdoor and 4.3% on radio.[6] Internationally, the largest ("big four") advertising conglomerates are Interpublic, Omnicom, Publicis, and WPP.[7]
In Latin, ad vertere means "to turn toward".[8]



Contents


1 History

1.1 19th century
1.2 20th century

1.2.1 On the radio from the 1920s
1.2.2 Commercial television in the 1950s
1.2.3 Cable television from the 1980s
1.2.4 On the Internet from the 1990s




2 Classification

2.1 Traditional media
2.2 New media and advertising approaches
2.3 Rise in new media
2.4 Niche marketing
2.5 Crowdsourcing
2.6 Global advertising
2.7 Foreign public messaging
2.8 Diversification
2.9 New technology
2.10 Advertising education


3 Purposes

3.1 Sales promotions and brand loyalty


4 Criticisms
5 Regulation
6 Theory

6.1 Hierarchy-of-effects models
6.2 Marketing mix
6.3 Advertising research
6.4 Semiotics


7 Gender effects in the processing of advertising
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading

10.1 History


11 External links



History[edit]
Main article: History of advertising




Bronze plate for printing an advertisement for the Liu family needle shop at Jinan, Song dynasty China. It is considered the world's earliest identified printed advertising medium.


Egyptians used papyrus to make sales messages and wall posters.[9] Commercial messages and political campaign displays have been found in the ruins of Pompeii and ancient Arabia. Lost and found advertising on papyrus was common in ancient Greece and ancient Rome. Wall or rock painting for commercial advertising is another manifestation of an ancient advertising form, which is present to this day in many parts of Asia, Africa, and South America. The tradition of wall painting can be traced back to Indian rock art paintings that date back to 4000 BC.[10]
In ancient China, the earliest advertising known was oral, as recorded in the Classic of Poetry (11th to 7th centuries BC) of bamboo flutes played to sell candy. Advertisement usually takes in the form of calligraphic signboards and inked papers. A copper printing plate dated back to the Song dynasty used to print posters in the form of a square sheet of paper with a rabbit logo with "Jinan Liu's Fine Needle Shop" and "We buy high-quality steel rods and make fine-quality needles, to be ready for use at home in no time" written above and below[11] is considered the world's earliest identified printed advertising medium.[12]
In Europe, as the towns and cities of the Middle Ages began to grow, and the general population was unable to read, instead of signs that read "cobbler", "miller", "tailor", or "blacksmith", images associated with their trade would be used such as a boot, a suit, a hat, a clock, a diamond, a horse shoe, a candle or even a bag of flour. Fruits and vegetables were sold in the city square from the backs of carts and wagons and their proprietors used street callers (town criers) to announce their whereabouts for the convenience of the customers. The first compilation of such advertisements was gathered in "Les Crieries de Paris", a thirteenth-century poem by Guillaume de la Villeneuve.[13]
In the 18th century advertisements started to appear in weekly newspapers in England. These early print advertisements were used mainly to promote books and newspapers, which became increasingly affordable with advances in the printing press; and medicines, which were increasingly sought after as disease ravaged Europe. However, false advertising and so-called "quack" advertisements became a problem, which ushered in the regulation of advertising content.
19th century[edit]




Edo period LEL flyer from 1806 for a traditional medicine called Kinseitan.







This article or section appears to contradict itself. Please see the talk page for more information. (January 2017)


Thomas J. Barratt from London has been called "the father of modern advertising".[14][15][16] Working for the Pears Soap company, Barratt created an effective advertising campaign for the company products, which involved the use of targeted slogans, images and phrases. One of his slogans, "Good morning. Have you used Pears' soap?" was famous in its day and into the 20th century.[17][18]
Barratt introduced many of the crucial ideas that lie behind successful advertising and these were widely circulated in his day. He constantly stressed the importance of a strong and exclusive brand image for Pears and of emphasizing the product's availability through saturation campaigns. He also understood the importance of constantly reevaluating the market for changing tastes and mores, stating in 1907 that "tastes change, fashions change, and the advertiser has to change with them. An idea that was effective a generation ago would fall flat, stale, and unprofitable if presented to the public today. Not that the idea of today is always better than the older idea, but it is different – it hits the present taste."[15]
As the economy expanded across the world during the 19th century, advertising grew alongside. In the United States, the success of this advertising format eventually led to the growth of mail-order advertising.





This section's factual accuracy is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on Talk:Advertising. Please help to ensure that disputed statements are reliably sourced. (May 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


In June 1836, French newspaper La Presse was the first to include paid advertising in its pages, allowing it to lower its price, extend its readership and increase its profitability and the formula was soon copied by all titles. Around 1840, Volney B. Palmer established the roots of the modern day advertising agency in Philadelphia. In 1842 Palmer bought large amounts of space in various newspapers at a discounted rate then resold the space at higher rates to advertisers. The actual ad – the copy, layout, and artwork – was still prepared by the company wishing to advertise; in effect, Palmer was a space broker. The situation changed in the late 19th century when the advertising agency of N.W. Ayer & Son was founded. Ayer and Son offered to plan, create, and execute complete advertising campaigns for its customers. By 1900 the advertising agency had become the focal point of creative planning, and advertising was firmly established as a profession.
[19] Around the same time, in France, Charles-Louis Havas extended the services of his news agency, Havas to include advertisement brokerage, making it the first French group to organize. At first, agencies were brokers for advertisement space in newspapers. N. W. Ayer & Son was the first full-service agency to assume responsibility for advertising content. N.W. Ayer opened in 1869, and was located in Philadelphia.[19]
20th century[edit]




Advert for Guy's Tonic Wellcome in 1900's






A print advertisement for the 1913 issue of the Encyclopædia Britannica.


Advertising increased dramatically in the United States as industrialization expanded the supply of manufactured products. In order to profit from this higher rate of production, industry needed to recruit workers as consumers of factory products. It did so through the invention of mass marketing designed to influence the population's economic behavior on a larger scale.[20] In the 1910s and 1920s, advertisers in the U.S. adopted the doctrine that human instincts could be targeted and harnessed – "sublimated" into the desire to purchase commodities.[21] Edward Bernays, a nephew of Sigmund Freud, became associated with the method and is sometimes called the founder of modern advertising and public relations.[22]
In the 1920s, under Secretary of Commerce Herbert Hoover, the American government promoted advertising. Hoover himself delivered an address to the Associated Advertising Clubs of the World in 1925 called 'Advertising Is a Vital Force in Our National Life."[23] In October 1929, the head of the U.S. Bureau of Foreign and Domestic Commerce, Julius Klein, stated "Advertising is the key to world prosperity."[24] This was part of the "unparalleled" collaboration between business and government in the 1920s, according to a 1933 European economic journal.[25]
The tobacco companies became major advertisers in order to sell packaged cigarettes.[26] The tobacco companies pioneered the new advertising techniques when they hired Bernays to create positive associations with tobacco smoking.[3][4]
Advertising was also used as a vehicle for cultural assimilation, encouraging workers to exchange their traditional habits and community structure in favor of a shared "modern" lifestyle.[27] An important tool for influencing immigrant workers was the American Association of Foreign Language Newspapers (AAFLN). The AAFLN was primarily an advertising agency but also gained heavily centralized control over much of the immigrant press.[28][29]




1916 Ladies' Home Journal version of the famous ad by Helen Lansdowne Resor of the J. Walter Thompson Agency


At the turn of the 20th century, there were few career choices for women in business; however, advertising was one of the few. Since women were responsible for most of the purchasing done in their household, advertisers and agencies recognized the value of women's insight during the creative process. In fact, the first American advertising to use a sexual sell was created by a woman – for a soap product. Although tame by today's standards, the advertisement featured a couple with the message "A skin you love to touch".[30]
In the 1920s psychologists Walter D. Scott and John B. Watson contributed applied psychological theory to the field of advertising. Scott said, "Man has been called the reasoning animal but he could with greater truthfulness be called the creature of suggestion. He is reasonable, but he is to a greater extent suggestible".[31] He demonstrated this through his advertising technique of a direct command to the consumer.
On the radio from the 1920s[edit]




Advertisement for a live radio broadcast, sponsored by a milk company, Adohr milk, and published in the Los Angeles Times on May 6, 1930


In the early 1920s, the first radio stations were established by radio equipment manufacturers and retailers who offered programs in order to sell more radios to consumers. As time passed, many non-profit organizations followed suit in setting up their own radio stations, and included: schools, clubs and civic groups.[32]
When the practice of sponsoring programs was popularized, each individual radio program was usually sponsored by a single business in exchange for a brief mention of the business' name at the beginning and end of the sponsored shows. However, radio station owners soon realized they could earn more money by selling sponsorship rights in small time allocations to multiple businesses throughout their radio station's broadcasts, rather than selling the sponsorship rights to single businesses per show.[citation needed]

Commercial television in the 1950s[edit]
In the early 1950s, the DuMont Television Network began the modern practice of selling advertisement time to multiple sponsors. Previously, DuMont had trouble finding sponsors for many of their programs and compensated by selling smaller blocks of advertising time to several businesses. This eventually became the standard for the commercial television industry in the United States. However, it was still a common practice to have single sponsor shows, such as The United States Steel Hour. In some instances the sponsors exercised great control over the content of the show – up to and including having one's advertising agency actually writing the show.[citation needed] The single sponsor model is much less prevalent now, a notable exception being the Hallmark Hall of Fame.[citation needed]
Cable television from the 1980s[edit]
The late 1980s and early 1990s saw the introduction of cable television and particularly MTV. Pioneering the concept of the music video, MTV ushered in a new type of advertising: the consumer tunes in for the advertising message, rather than it being a by-product or afterthought. As cable and satellite television became increasingly prevalent, specialty channels emerged, including channels entirely devoted to advertising, such as QVC, Home Shopping Network, and ShopTV Canada.[citation needed]
On the Internet from the 1990s[edit]
Main article: Online advertising
With the advent of the ad server, online advertising grew, contributing to the "dot-com" boom of the 1990s.[33] Entire corporations operated solely on advertising revenue, offering everything from coupons to free Internet access. At the turn of the 21st century, some websites, including the search engine Google, changed online advertising by personalizing ads based on web browsing behavior. This has led to other similar efforts and an increase in interactive advertising.[34]
The share of advertising spending relative to GDP has changed little across large changes in media since 1925. In 1925, the main advertising media in America were newspapers, magazines, signs on streetcars, and outdoor posters. Advertising spending as a share of GDP was about 2.9 percent. By 1998, television and radio had become major advertising media. Nonetheless, advertising spending as a share of GDP was slightly lower – about 2.4 percent.[35]
Guerrilla marketing involves unusual approaches such as staged encounters in public places, giveaways of products such as cars that are covered with brand messages, and interactive advertising where the viewer can respond to become part of the advertising message. This type of advertising is unpredictable, which causes consumers to buy the product or idea.[36] This reflects an increasing trend of interactive and "embedded" ads, such as via product placement, having consumers vote through text messages, and various campaigns utilizing social network services such as Facebook or Twitter.[37]
The advertising business model has also been adapted in recent years.[when?] [clarification needed]In media for equity, advertising is not sold, but provided to start-up companies in return for equity. If the company grows and is sold, the media companies receive cash for their shares.
Domain name registrants (usually those who register and renew domains as an investment) sometimes "park" their domains and allow advertising companies to place ads on their sites in return for per-click payments.[38] These ads are typically driven by pay per click search engines like Google or Yahoo, but ads can sometimes be placed directly on targeted domain names through a domain lease or by making contact with the registrant of a domain name that describes a product.[39] Domain name registrants are generally easy to identify through WHOIS records that are publicly available at registrar websites.[40]
Classification[edit]


Play media


An advertisement for the Wikimedia Foundation.






An advertisement for a diner. Such signs are common on storefronts.






Paying people to hold signs is one of the oldest forms of advertising, as with this human billboard.






A taxicab with an advertisement for Allianz in Singapore. Buses and other vehicles are popular media for advertisers.






Mobile Billboard in East Coast Park, Singapore.






A DBAG Class 101 with UNICEF ads at Ingolstadt main railway station.






A London Bus, with a film advertisement along its side.






Hot air balloon displays advertising for GEO magazine


Advertising may be categorized in a variety of ways, including by style, target audience, geographic scope, medium, or purpose.[2]:9–15 For example, in print advertising, classification by style can include display advertising (ads with design elements sold by size) vs. classified advertising (ads without design elements sold by the word or line). Advertising may be local, national or global. An ad campaign may be directed toward consumers or to businesses. The purpose of an ad may be to raise awareness (brand advertising), or to elicit an immediate sale (direct response advertising).
Traditional media[edit]
Virtually any medium can be used for advertising. Commercial advertising media can include wall paintings, billboards, street furniture components, printed flyers and rack cards, radio, cinema and television adverts, web banners, mobile telephone screens, shopping carts, web popups, skywriting, bus stop benches, human billboards and forehead advertising, magazines, newspapers, town criers, sides of buses, banners attached to or sides of airplanes ("logojets"), in-flight advertisements on seatback tray tables or overhead storage bins, taxicab doors, roof mounts and passenger screens, musical stage shows, subway platforms and trains, elastic bands on disposable diapers, doors of bathroom stalls, stickers on apples in supermarkets, shopping cart handles (grabertising), the opening section of streaming audio and video, posters, and the backs of event tickets and supermarket receipts. Any place an "identified" sponsor pays to deliver their message through a medium is advertising.[41]

Share of global adspend [42]

medium
2015
2017[disputed – discuss]


Television advertisement
37.7%
34.8%


Desktop online advertising
19.9%
18.2%


Mobile advertising
9.2%
18.4%


Newspaper#Advertising
12.8%
10.1%


Magazines
6.5%
5.3%


Outdoor advertising
6.8%
6.6%


Radio advertisement
6.5%
5.9%


Cinema
0.6%
0.7%



Television
Television advertising is one of the most expensive types of advertising; networks charge large amounts for commercial airtime during popular events. The annual Super Bowl football game in the United States is known as the most prominent advertising event on television – with an audience of over 108 million and studies showing that 50% of those only tuned in to see the advertisements.[43][44] The average cost of a single thirty-second television spot during this game reached US$4 million & a 60-second spot double that figure in 2014.[43] Virtual advertisements may be inserted into regular programming through computer graphics. It is typically inserted into otherwise blank backdrops[45] or used to replace local billboards that are not relevant to the remote broadcast audience.[46] More controversially, virtual billboards may be inserted into the background[47] where none exist in real-life. This technique is especially used in televised sporting events.[48][49] Virtual product placement is also possible.[50][51] An infomercial is a long-format television commercial, typically five minutes or longer. The word "infomercial" is a portmanteau of the words "information" and "commercial". The main objective in an infomercial is to create an impulse purchase, so that the target sees the presentation and then immediately buys the product through the advertised toll-free telephone number or website. Infomercials describe, display, and often demonstrate products and their features, and commonly have testimonials from customers and industry professionals.[citation needed]





Television commercial 1948



Radio
Radio advertisements are broadcast as radio waves to the air from a transmitter to an antenna and a thus to a receiving device. Airtime is purchased from a station or network in exchange for airing the commercials. While radio has the limitation of being restricted to sound, proponents of radio advertising often cite this as an advantage. Radio is an expanding medium that can be found on air, and also online. According to Arbitron, radio has approximately 241.6 million weekly listeners, or more than 93 percent of the U.S. population.[citation needed]


Online
Online advertising is a form of promotion that uses the Internet and World Wide Web for the expressed purpose of delivering marketing messages to attract customers. Online ads are delivered by an ad server. Examples of online advertising include contextual ads that appear on search engine results pages, banner ads, in pay per click text ads, rich media ads, Social network advertising, online classified advertising, advertising networks and e-mail marketing, including e-mail spam.[citation needed] A newer form of online advertising is Native Ads; they go in a website's news feed and are supposed to improve user experience by being less intrusive. However, some people argue this practice is deceptive.[52]


Domain names
Domain name advertising is most commonly done through pay per click web search engines, however, advertisers often lease space directly on domain names that generically describe their products.[39] When an Internet user visits a website by typing a domain name directly into their web browser, this is known as "direct navigation", or "type in" web traffic. Although many Internet users search for ideas and products using search engines and mobile phones, a large number of users around the world still use the address bar. They will type a keyword into the address bar such as "geraniums" and add ".com" to the end of it. Sometimes they will do the same with ".org" or a country-code Top Level Domain (TLD such as ".co.uk" for the United Kingdom or ".ca" for Canada). When Internet users type in a generic keyword and add .com or another top-level domain (TLD) ending, it produces a targeted sales lead.[53] Domain name advertising was originally developed by Oingo (later known as Applied Semantics), one of Google's early acquisitions.[54]


Product placements
Covert advertising is when a product or brand is embedded in entertainment and media. For example, in a film, the main character can use an item or other of a definite brand, as in the movie Minority Report, where Tom Cruise's character John Anderton owns a phone with the Nokia logo clearly written in the top corner, or his watch engraved with the Bulgari logo. Another example of advertising in film is in I, Robot, where main character played by Will Smith mentions his Converse shoes several times, calling them "classics", because the film is set far in the future. I, Robot and Spaceballs also showcase futuristic cars with the Audi and Mercedes-Benz logos clearly displayed on the front of the vehicles. Cadillac chose to advertise in the movie The Matrix Reloaded, which as a result contained many scenes in which Cadillac cars were used. Similarly, product placement for Omega Watches, Ford, VAIO, BMW and Aston Martin cars are featured in recent James Bond films, most notably Casino Royale. In "Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer", the main transport vehicle shows a large Dodge logo on the front. Blade Runner includes some of the most obvious product placement; the whole film stops to show a Coca-Cola billboard.[citation needed]





This article's factual accuracy is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please help to ensure that disputed statements are reliably sourced. (January 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Print
Print advertising describes advertising in a printed medium such as a newspaper, magazine, or trade journal. This encompasses everything from media with a very broad readership base, such as a major national newspaper or magazine, to more narrowly targeted media such as local newspapers and trade journals on very specialized topics. One form of print advertising is classified advertising, which allows private individuals or companies to purchase a small, narrowly targeted ad paid by the word or line. Another form of print advertising is the display ad, which is generally a larger ad with design elements that typically run in an article section of a newspaper.[2]:14


Outdoor
Billboards, also known as hoardings in some parts of the world, are large structures located in public places which display advertisements to passing pedestrians and motorists. Most often, they are located on main roads with a large amount of passing motor and pedestrian traffic; however, they can be placed in any location with large amounts of viewers, such as on mass transit vehicles and in stations, in shopping malls or office buildings, and in stadiums.[55] The form known as street advertising first came to prominence in the UK by Street Advertising Services to create outdoor advertising on street furniture and pavements. Working with products such as Reverse Graffiti, air dancers and 3D pavement advertising, for getting brand messages out into public spaces.[citation needed] Sheltered outdoor advertising combines outdoor with indoor advertisement by placing large mobile, structures (tents) in public places on temporary bases. The large outer advertising space aims to exert a strong pull on the observer, the product is promoted indoors, where the creative decor can intensify the impression.[citation needed] Mobile billboards are generally vehicle mounted billboards or digital screens. These can be on dedicated vehicles built solely for carrying advertisements along routes preselected by clients, they can also be specially equipped cargo trucks or, in some cases, large banners strewn from planes. The billboards are often lighted; some being backlit, and others employing spotlights. Some billboard displays are static, while others change; for example, continuously or periodically rotating among a set of advertisements. Mobile displays are used for various situations in metropolitan areas throughout the world, including: target advertising, one-day and long-term campaigns, conventions, sporting events, store openings and similar promotional events, and big advertisements from smaller companies.[citation needed]





The RedEye newspaper advertised to its target market at North Avenue Beach with a sailboat billboard on Lake Michigan.



Point-of-sale
In-store advertising is any advertisement placed in a retail store. It includes placement of a product in visible locations in a store, such as at eye level, at the ends of aisles and near checkout counters (a.k.a. POP – point of purchase display), eye-catching displays promoting a specific product, and advertisements in such places as shopping carts and in-store video displays.[citation needed]





This article's factual accuracy is disputed. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please help to ensure that disputed statements are reliably sourced. (January 2017) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)





Novelties
Advertising printed on small tangible items such as coffee mugs, T-shirts, pens, bags, and such is known as novelty advertising. Some printers specialize in printing novelty items, which can then be distributed directly by the advertiser, or items may be distributed as part of a cross-promotion, such as ads on fast food containers.[citation needed]


Celebrity branding






This section may stray from the topic of the article. Please help improve this section or discuss this issue on the talk page. (January 2017)


This type of advertising focuses upon using celebrity power, fame, money, popularity to gain recognition for their products and promote specific stores or products. Advertisers often advertise their products, for example, when celebrities share their favorite products or wear clothes by specific brands or designers. Celebrities are often involved in advertising campaigns such as television or print adverts to advertise specific or general products. The use of celebrities to endorse a brand can have its downsides, however; one mistake by a celebrity can be detrimental to the public relations of a brand. For example, following his performance of eight gold medals at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, China, swimmer Michael Phelps' contract with Kellogg's was terminated, as Kellogg's did not want to associate with him after he was photographed smoking marijuana.[citation needed] Celebrities such as Britney Spears have advertised for multiple products including Pepsi, Candies from Kohl's, Twister, NASCAR, and Toyota.[citation needed]


Aerial
Using aircraft, balloons or airships to create or display advertising media. Skywriting is a notable example.[citation needed]





An Allegiant Air aircraft in the special Blue Man Group livery.


New media and advertising approaches[edit]





This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (April 2012) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Increasingly, other media are overtaking many of the "traditional" media such as television, radio and newspaper because of a shift toward the usage of the Internet for news and music as well as devices like digital video recorders (DVRs) such as TiVo.[56]
Online advertising began with unsolicited bulk e-mail advertising known as "e-mail spam". Spam has been a problem for e-mail users since 1978.[57] As new online communication channels became available, advertising followed. The first banner ad appeared on the World Wide Web in 1994.[58] Prices of Web-based advertising space are dependent on the "relevance" of the surrounding web content and the traffic that the website receives.[citation needed]
In online display advertising, display ads generate awareness quickly. Unlike search, which requires someone to be aware of a need, display advertising can drive awareness of something new and without previous knowledge. Display works well for direct response. Display is not only used for generating awareness, it's used for direct response campaigns that link to a landing page with a clear 'call to action'.[citation needed]
As the mobile phone became a new mass medium in 1998 when the first paid downloadable content appeared on mobile phones in Finland,[59][citation needed] mobile advertising followed, also first launched in Finland in 2000.[citation needed] By 2007 the value of mobile advertising had reached $2 billion and providers such as Admob delivered billions of mobile ads.[citation needed]
More advanced mobile ads include banner ads, coupons, Multimedia Messaging Service picture and video messages, advergames and various engagement marketing campaigns. A particular feature driving mobile ads is the 2D barcode, which replaces the need to do any typing of web addresses, and uses the camera feature of modern phones to gain immediate access to web content. 83 percent of Japanese mobile phone users already are active users of 2D barcodes.[citation needed]
Some companies have proposed placing messages or corporate logos on the side of booster rockets and the International Space Station.[citation needed]
Unpaid advertising (also called "publicity advertising"), can include personal recommendations ("bring a friend", "sell it"), spreading buzz, or achieving the feat of equating a brand with a common noun (in the United States, "Xerox" = "photocopier", "Kleenex" = tissue, "Vaseline" = petroleum jelly, "Hoover" = vacuum cleaner, and "Band-Aid" = adhesive bandage). However, some companies[which?] oppose the use of their brand name to label an object. Equating a brand with a common noun also risks turning that brand into a generic trademark – turning it into a generic term which means that its legal protection as a trademark is lost.[60][disputed – discuss]
From time to time, The CW Television Network airs short programming breaks called "Content Wraps", to advertise one company's product during an entire commercial break. The CW pioneered "content wraps" and some products featured were Herbal Essences, Crest, Guitar Hero II, CoverGirl, and recently Toyota.[citation needed]
A new promotion concept has appeared, "ARvertising", advertising on Augmented Reality technology.[61]
Controversy exists on the effectiveness of subliminal advertising (see mind control), and the pervasiveness of mass messages (Propaganda).
Rise in new media[edit]




US Newspaper Advertising Revenue

Newspaper Association of America published data [62]


With the Internet came many new advertising opportunities. Popup, Flash, banner, Popunder, advergaming, and email advertisements (all of which are often unwanted or spam in the case of email) are now commonplace. Particularly since the rise of "entertaining" advertising, some people may like an advertisement enough to wish to watch it later or show a friend.[citation needed] In general, the advertising community has not yet made this easy, although some have used the Internet to widely distribute their ads to anyone willing to see or hear them. In the last three-quarters of 2009 mobile and internet advertising grew by 18% and 9% respectively. Older media advertising saw declines: −10.1% (TV), −11.7% (radio), −14.8% (magazines) and −18.7% (newspapers).[citation needed]
Niche marketing[edit]
Another significant trend regarding future of advertising is the growing importance of the niche market using niche or targeted ads. Also brought about by the Internet and the theory of the long tail, advertisers will have an increasing ability to reach specific audiences. In the past, the most efficient way to deliver a message was to blanket the largest mass market audience possible.[citation needed] However, usage tracking, customer profiles and the growing popularity of niche content brought about by everything from blogs to social networking sites, provide advertisers with audiences that are smaller but much better defined,[citation needed] leading to ads that are more relevant to viewers and more effective for companies' marketing products. Among others, Comcast Spotlight is one such advertiser employing this method in their video on demand menus. These advertisements are targeted to a specific group and can be viewed by anyone wishing to find out more about a particular business or practice, from their home. This causes the viewer to become proactive and actually choose what advertisements they want to view.[63]
Google AdSense is an example of niche marketing. Google calculates the primary purpose of a website and adjusts ads accordingly; it uses key words on the page (or even in emails) to find the general ideas of topics disused and places ads that will most likely be clicked on by viewers of the email account or website visitors.[64]
Crowdsourcing[edit]
Main article: Crowdsourcing
The concept of crowdsourcing has given way to the trend of user-generated advertisements. User-generated ads are created by people, as opposed to an advertising agency or the company themselves, often resulting from brand sponsored advertising competitions. For the 2007 Super Bowl, the Frito-Lays division of PepsiCo held the Crash the Super Bowl contest, allowing people to create their own Doritos commercial.[65] Chevrolet held a similar competition for their Tahoe line of SUVs.[65] Due to the success of the Doritos user-generated ads in the 2007 Super Bowl, Frito-Lays relaunched the competition for the 2009 and 2010 Super Bowl. The resulting ads were among the most-watched and most-liked Super Bowl ads. In fact, the winning ad that aired in the 2009 Super Bowl was ranked by the USA Today Super Bowl Ad Meter as the top ad for the year while the winning ads that aired in the 2010 Super Bowl were found by Nielsen's BuzzMetrics to be the "most buzzed-about".[66][67] Another example of companies using crowdsourcing successfully is the beverage company Jones Soda that encourages consumers to participate in the label design themselves.
This trend has given rise to several online platforms that host user-generated advertising competitions on behalf of a company. Founded in 2007, Zooppa has launched ad competitions for brands such as Google, Nike, Hershey's, General Mills, Microsoft, NBC Universal, Zinio, and Mini Cooper.[68] Crowdsourced remains controversial, as the long-term impact on the advertising industry is still unclear.[69]
Global advertising[edit]
Main article: Global marketing
Advertising has gone through five major stages of development: domestic, export, international, multi-national, and global. For global advertisers, there are four, potentially competing, business objectives that must be balanced when developing worldwide advertising: building a brand while speaking with one voice, developing economies of scale in the creative process, maximising local effectiveness of ads, and increasing the company's speed of implementation. Born from the evolutionary stages of global marketing are the three primary and fundamentally different approaches to the development of global advertising executions: exporting executions, producing local executions, and importing ideas that travel.[70]
Advertising research is key to determining the success of an ad in any country or region. The ability to identify which elements and/or moments of an ad contribute to its success is how economies of scale are maximized. Once one knows what works in an ad, that idea or ideas can be imported by any other market. Market research measures, such as Flow of Attention, Flow of Emotion and branding moments provide insight into what is working in an ad in any country or region because the measures are based on the visual, not verbal, elements of the ad.[71]
Foreign public messaging[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This section possibly contains original research. Please improve it by verifying the claims made and adding inline citations. Statements consisting only of original research should be removed. (December 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


See also: Soft power and International tourism advertising
Foreign governments,[which?] particularly those that own marketable commercial products or services, often promote their interests and positions through the advertising of those goods because the target audience is not only largely unaware of the forum as a vehicle for foreign messaging but also willing to receive the message while in a mental state of absorbing information from advertisements during television commercial breaks, while reading a periodical, or while passing by billboards in public spaces. A prime example of this messaging technique is advertising campaigns to promote international travel. While advertising foreign destinations and services may stem from the typical goal of increasing revenue by drawing more tourism, some travel campaigns carry the additional or alternative intended purpose of promoting good sentiments or improving existing ones among the target audience towards a given nation or region. It is common for advertising promoting foreign countries to be produced and distributed by the tourism ministries of those countries, so these ads often carry political statements and/or depictions of the foreign government's desired international public perception. Additionally, a wide range of foreign airlines and travel-related services which advertise separately from the destinations, themselves, are owned by their respective governments; examples include, though are not limited to, the Emirates airline (Dubai), Singapore Airlines (Singapore), Qatar Airways (Qatar), China Airlines (Taiwan/Republic of China), and Air China (People's Republic of China). By depicting their destinations, airlines, and other services in a favorable and pleasant light, countries market themselves to populations abroad in a manner that could mitigate prior public impressions.
Diversification[edit]
In the realm of advertising agencies, continued industry diversification has seen observers note that "big global clients don't need big global agencies any more".[72] This is reflected by the growth of non-traditional agencies in various global markets, such as Canadian business TAXI and SMART in Australia and has been referred to as "a revolution in the ad world".[73]
New technology[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (December 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


The ability to record shows on digital video recorders (such as TiVo) allow watchers to record the programs for later viewing, enabling them to fast forward through commercials. Additionally, as more seasons of pre-recorded box sets are offered for sale of television programs; fewer people watch the shows on TV. However, the fact that these sets are sold, means the company will receive additional profits from these sets.
To counter this effect, a variety of strategies have been employed. Many advertisers have opted for product placement on TV shows like Survivor. Other strategies include integrating advertising with internet-connected EPGs, advertising on companion devices (like smartphones and tablets) during the show, and creating TV apps. Additionally, some like brands have opted for social television sponsorship.[74]
Advertising education[edit]
Advertising education has become popular with bachelor, master and doctorate degrees becoming available in the emphasis.[citation needed] A surge in advertising interest is typically attributed to the strong relationship advertising plays in cultural and technological changes, such as the advance of online social networking.[citation needed] A unique model for teaching advertising is the student-run advertising agency, where advertising students create campaigns for real companies.[75] Organizations such as the American Advertising Federation establish companies with students to create these campaigns.[citation needed]
Purposes[edit]
Advertising is at the front of delivering the proper message to customers and prospective customers. The purpose of advertising is to convince customers that a company's services or products are the best, enhance the image of the company, point out and create a need for products or services, demonstrate new uses for established products, announce new products and programs, reinforce the salespeople's individual messages, draw customers to the business, and to hold existing customers.[76]
Sales promotions and brand loyalty[edit]
Sales promotions are another way to advertise. Sales promotions are double purposed because they are used to gather information about what type of customers one draws in and where they are, and to jump start sales. Sales promotions include things like contests and games, sweepstakes, product giveaways, samples coupons, loyalty programs, and discounts. The ultimate goal of sales promotions is to stimulate potential customers to action.[77]
One way to create brand loyalty is to reward consumers for spending time interacting with the brand.[78][original research?] This method may come in many forms like rewards card, rewards programs and sampling.
Criticisms[edit]
Main article: Criticism of advertising




Mobstr - Visual Pollution, London (5914547783)


While advertising can be seen as necessary for economic growth,[24] it is not without social costs. Unsolicited commercial e-mail and other forms of spam have become so prevalent as to have become a major nuisance to users of these services, as well as being a financial burden on internet service providers.[79] Advertising is increasingly invading public spaces, such as schools, which some critics argue is a form of child exploitation.[80]
One of the most controversial criticisms of advertisement in the present day is that of the predominance of advertising of foods high in sugar, fat, and salt specifically to children. Critics claim that food advertisements targeting children are exploitive and are not sufficiently balanced with proper nutritional education to help children understand the consequences of their food choices. Additionally, children may not understand that they are being sold something, and are therefore more impressionable.[81][better source needed] Michelle Obama has criticized large food companies for advertising unhealthy foods largely towards children and has requested that food companies either limit their advertising to children or advertise foods that are more in line with dietary guidelines.[82] The other criticisms include the change that are brought by those advertisements on the society and also the deceiving ads that are aired and published by the corporations. Cosmetic and health industry are the ones which exploited the highest and created reasons of concern.[83]
Regulation[edit]
There have been increasing efforts to protect the public interest by regulating the content and the influence of advertising. Some examples include restrictions for advertising alcohol, tobacco or gambling imposed in many countries, as well as the bans around advertising to children, which exist in parts of Europe. Advertising regulation focuses heavily on the veracity of the claims and as such, there are often tighter restrictions placed around advertisements for food and healthcare products.[84]
The advertising industries within some countries rely less on laws and more on systems of self-regulation.[84][85][86] Advertisers and the media agree on a code of advertising standards that they attempt to uphold. The general aim of such codes is to ensure that any advertising is 'legal, decent, honest and truthful'. Some self-regulatory organizations are funded by the industry, but remain independent, with the intent of upholding the standards or codes like the Advertising Standards Authority in the UK.[87]
In the UK, most forms of outdoor advertising such as the display of billboards is regulated by the UK Town and County Planning system. Currently, the display of an advertisement without consent from the Planning Authority is a criminal offense liable to a fine of £2,500 per offense.[88] In the US, many communities believe that many forms of outdoor advertising blight the public realm.[89] As long ago as the 1960s in the US there were attempts to ban billboard advertising in the open countryside.[90] Cities such as São Paulo have introduced an outright ban[91] with London also having specific legislation to control unlawful displays.
Some governments restrict the languages that can be used in advertisements, but advertisers may employ tricks to try avoiding them. In France for instance, advertisers sometimes print English words in bold and French translations in fine print to deal with Article 120 of the 1994 Toubon Law limiting the use of English).[92]
The advertising of pricing information is another topic of concern for governments. In the United States for instance, it is common for businesses to only mention the existence and amount of applicable taxes at a later stage of a transaction.[93] In Canada and New Zealand, taxes can be listed as separate items, as long as they are quoted up-front.[94][95] In most other countries, the advertised price must include all applicable taxes, enabling customers to easily know how much it will cost them.[96][97][98]
Theory[edit]
See also: Advertising management
Hierarchy-of-effects models[edit]
Various competing models of hierarchies of effects attempt to provide a theoretical underpinning to advertising practice.[clarification needed][99]

The model of Clow and Baack[100] clarifies the objectives of an advertising campaign and for each individual advertisement. The model postulates six steps a buyer moves through when making a purchase:

Awareness
Knowledge
Liking
Preference
Conviction
Purchase


Means-End Theory suggests that an advertisement should contain a message or means that leads the consumer to a desired end-state.[101]
Leverage Points aim to move the consumer from understanding a product's benefits to linking those benefits with personal values.[citation needed]

Marketing mix[edit]





This section may stray from the topic of the article. Please help improve this section or discuss this issue on the talk page. (January 2017)


Main article: Marketing mix
The marketing mix was proposed by professor E. Jerome McCarthy in the 1960s.[102] It consists of four basic elements called the "four Ps". Product is the first P representing the actual product. Price represents the process of determining the value of a product. Place represents the variables of getting the product to the consumer such as distribution channels, market coverage and movement organization. The last P stands for Promotion which is the process of reaching the target market and convincing them to buy the product.
In the 1990s, the concept of four Cs was introduced as a more customer-driven replacement of four P's.[103] There are two theories based on four Cs: Lauterborn's four Cs (consumer, cost, communication, convenience) [104] and Shimizu's four Cs (commodity, cost, communication, channel) in the 7Cs Compass Model (Co-marketing). Communications can include advertising, sales promotion, public relations, publicity, personal selling, corporate identity, internal communication, SNS, MIS.[105][106][107][108]
Advertising research[edit]
Main article: Advertising research
Advertising research is a specialized form of research that works to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of advertising. It entails numerous forms of research which employ different methodologies. Advertising research includes pre-testing (also known as copy testing) and post-testing of ads and/or campaigns.
Pre-testing includes a wide range of qualitative and quantitative techniques, including: focus groups, in-depth target audience interviews (one-on-one interviews), small-scale quantitative studies and physiological measurement. The goal of these investigations is to better understand how different groups respond to various messages and visual prompts, thereby providing an assessment of how well the advertisement meets its communications goals.[109]
Post-testing employs many of the same techniques as pre-testing, usually with a focus on understanding the change in awareness or attitude attributable to the advertisement. With the emergence of digital advertising technologies, many firms have begun to continuously post-test ads using real-time data. This may take the form of A/B split-testing or multivariate testing.
Continuous ad tracking and the Communicus System are competing examples of post-testing advertising research types.[110]
Semiotics[edit]
Main article: Advertising research
Meanings between consumers and marketers depict signs and symbols that are encoded in everyday objects.[111][need quotation to verify] Semiotics is the study of signs and how they are interpreted. Advertising has many hidden signs and meanings[citation needed] within brand names, logos, package designs, print advertisements, and television advertisements. Semiotics aims to study and interpret the message being conveyed in (for example) advertisements. Logos and advertisements can be interpreted at two levels – known as the surface level and the underlying level. The surface level uses signs creatively to create an image or personality for a product.[citation needed] These signs can be images, words, fonts, colors, or slogans. The underlying level is made up of hidden meanings. The combination of images, words, colors, and slogans must be interpreted by the audience or consumer.[112] The "key to advertising analysis" is the signifier and the signified. The signifier is the object and the signified is the mental concept.[113] A product has a signifier and a signified. The signifier is the color, brand name, logo design, and technology. The signified has two meanings known as denotative and connotative. The denotative meaning is the meaning of the product. A television's denotative meaning might be that it is high definition. The connotative meaning is the product's deep and hidden meaning. A connotative meaning of a television would be that it is top-of-the-line.[114]
Apple's commercials[when?] used a black silhouette of a person that was the age of Apple's target market. They placed the silhouette in front of a blue screen so that the picture behind the silhouette could be constantly changing. However, the one thing that stays the same in these ads is that there is music in the background and the silhouette is listening to that music on a white iPod through white headphones. Through advertising, the white color on a set of earphones now signifies that the music device is an iPod. The white color signifies almost all of Apple's products.[115]
The semiotics of gender plays a key influence on the way in which signs are interpreted. When considering gender roles in advertising, individuals are influenced by three categories. Certain characteristics of stimuli may enhance or decrease the elaboration of the message (if the product is perceived as feminine or masculine). Second, the characteristics of individuals can affect attention and elaboration of the message (traditional or non-traditional gender role orientation). Lastly, situational factors may be important to influence the elaboration of the message.[116]
There are two types of marketing communication claims-objective and subjective.[117] Objective claims stem from the extent to which the claim associates the brand with a tangible product or service feature. For instance, a camera may have auto-focus features. Subjective claims convey emotional, subjective, impressions of intangible aspects of a product or service. They are non-physical features of a product or service that cannot be directly perceived, as they have no physical reality. For instance the brochure has a beautiful design.[118] Males tend to respond better to objective marketing-communications claims while females tend to respond better to subjective marketing communications claims.[119]
Voiceovers are commonly used in advertising. Most voiceovers are done by men, with figures of up to 94% having been reported.[120] There have been more female voiceovers in recent years[when?], but mainly for food, household products, and feminine-care products.[121]
Gender effects in the processing of advertising[edit]
According to a 1977 study by David Statt, females process information comprehensively, while males process information through heuristic devices such as procedures, methods or strategies for solving problems, which could have an effect on how they interpret advertising.[122][need quotation to verify] According to this study, men prefer to have available and apparent cues to interpret the message, whereas females engage in more creative, associative, imagery-laced interpretation. Later research by a Danish team[123] found that advertising attempts to persuade men to improve their appearance or performance, whereas its approach to women aims at transformation toward an impossible ideal of female presentation.In Paul Suggett's article "The Objectification of Women in Advertising"[124] he discusses the negative impact that these women in advertisements, who are too perfect to be real, have on women in real life. And gives men and young men a skewed and unrealistic expectation of women. Advertising's manipulation of women's aspiration to these ideal types as portrayed in film, in erotic art, in advertising, on stage, within music videos, and through other media exposures requires at least a conditioned rejection of female reality, and thereby takes on a highly ideological cast. Studies show that these expectations of women and young girls negatively impact their views about their bodies and appearances.These advertisements are directed towards men Not everyone agrees: one critic viewed this monologic, gender-specific interpretation of advertising as excessively skewed and politicized.[125][need quotation to verify] There are some companies however like Dove and Aerie that are creating commercials to portray more natural women that are less photo shopped so more women and young girls are able to relate to them. These commercials give more natural beauty standards.
More recent research by Martin (2003) reveals that males and females differ in how they react to advertising depending on their mood at the time of exposure to the ads, and on the affective tone of the advertising. When feeling sad, males prefer happy ads to boost their mood. In contrast, females prefer happy ads when they are feeling happy. The television programs in which ads are embedded influence a viewer's mood state.[126] Susan Wojcicki, author of the article "Ads that Empower Women don’t just Break Stereotypes—They’re also Effective"[127] discusses how advertising to women has changed since the first Barbie commercial where a little girl tells the doll that, she wants to be just like her. Little girls grow up watching advertisements of scantily clad women advertising things from trucks to burgers and Wojcicki states it shows girls that they're either arm candy or eye candy. But in recent studies, ads that are shown empowering women such as the #Like A Girl ad campaign[128] by Always have a better effect on women. When women see women being empowered on these ads, they're more likely to watch and share the videos. The views of these ads on sites like YouTube doubled and are more likely to be watched and shared by women.
See also[edit]


Business and economics portal
Media portal




Advertising in biology
Advertisements in schools
Advertising campaign
Advertising management
Advertorial
Bibliography of advertising
Branded content
Co-marketing
Comparative advertising
Conquesting
Copywriting
Demo mode
Family in advertising
Graphic design
History of advertising
History of advertising in Britain
History of Advertising Trust
Informative advertising
Integrated marketing communications
Local advertising
Marketing communications
Marketing Mix
Market overhang
Media planning
Meta-advertising
Mobile marketing
Museum of Brands, Packaging and Advertising
Performance-based advertising
Promotion
Promotional mix
Scad (fraud)
Senior media creative
Sex in advertising
Shock advertising
Television advertisement
Tobacco advertising
Trade literature
Video commerce
Viral marketing
World Federation of Advertisers


References[edit]
Notes


^ a b William J. Stanton. Fundamentals of Marketing. McGraw-Hill (1984).
^ a b c Courtland L. Bovee, William F. Arens. Contemporary Advertising, Fourth Edition. Richard D. Irwin, Inc., 1992.
^ a b Donley T. Studlar (2002) Tobacco Control: Comparative Politics in the United States and Canada p.55 quotation: "... froms. the early days advertising has been intimately intertwined with tobacco. The man who is sometimes considered the founder of modern advertising and Madison Avenue, Edward Bernays, created many of the major cigarette campaigns of the 1920s, including having women march down the street demanding the right to smoke."
^ a b Donald G. Gifford (2010) Suing the Tobacco and Lead Pigment Industries, p.15 quotation: "... during the early twentieth century, tobacco manufacturers virtually created the modern advertising and marketing industry as it is known today."
^ "CARAT PREDICTS POSITIVE OUTLOOK IN 2016 WITH GLOBAL GROWTH OF +4.7%". Carat. 2015-09-22. Retrieved 2015-09-30. 
^ "Plummeting Newspaper Ad Revenue Sparks New Wave of Changes". Wall Street Journal. October 20, 2016. 
^ Parekh, Rupal (July 12, 2012). "Not the 'Big Four' Holding Firms in Adland Anymore – Now It's the Big Five | Agency News – Advertising Age". Adage.com. Retrieved January 18, 2014. 
^ "Latin Word Study Tool". Perseus.tufts.edu. Retrieved January 18, 2014. 
^ Behal, Vikas; Sareen, Sania (2014). "GUERILLA MARKETING: A LOW COST MARKETING STRATEGY". International Journal of Management Research and Business Strategy. 3 – via Google Scholar. 
^ Bhatia (2000). Advertising in Rural India: Language, Marketing Communication, and Consumerism, 62+68
^ "Commercial Advertising in China". Retrieved August 31, 2014. 
^ Hong Liu, Chinese Business: Landscapes and Strategies (2013), p.15.
^ "Les Crieries de Paris". Retrieved July 9, 2015. 
^ He was first described as such in T F G Coates, 'Mr Thomas J Barratt, "The father of modern advertising"', Modern Business, September 1908, pp. 107–15.
^ a b Matt Haig, Brand failures: the truth about the 100 biggest branding mistakes of all time, Kogan Page Publishers, 2005, pp. 219, 266.
^ Nicholas Mirzoeff, The visual culture reader, Routledge, 2002, p. 510.
^ "Obituary, Thomas J. Barratt Dead: Chairman of the Firm of A. & F. Pears an Advertising Genius". New York Times. New York Times. 1914-04-27. p. 11. Retrieved 2014-04-06. 
^ Eric Partridge, Paul Beale, A Dictionary of Catch Phrases: British and American, from the Sixteenth Century to the Present Day, Routledge, 1986, p.164.
^ a b Eskilson, Stephen J. (2007). Graphic Design: A New History. New Haven, Connecticut: Yale University Press. p. 58. ISBN 978-0-300-12011-0. 
^ Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (1976), p. 33. "As Ford's massive assembly line utilized 'extensive single-purpose machinery' to produce automobiles inexpensively and at a rate that dwarfed traditional methods, the costly machinery of advertising that Coolidge had described set out to produce consumers, likewise inexpensively and at a rate that dwarfed traditional methods."
^ Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (1976), p. 34. "While agreeing that 'human nature is more difficult to control than material nature,' ad men spoke in specific terms of 'human instincts' which if properly understood could induce people 'to buy a given product if it was scientifically presented. If advertising copy appealed to the right instincts, the urge to buy would surely be excited'."
^ Anthony DiMaggio (2012). The Rise of the Tea Party: Political Discontent and Corporate Media in the Age of Obama. NYU Press. p. 12. ISBN 978-1-58367-306-5. 
^ Leach, William (1993). Land of Desire. New York: Pantheon Books. p. 375. ISBN 978-0-307-76114-9. 
^ a b Leach, William (1993). Land of Desire. New York: Pantheon Books. p. 367. ISBN 978-0-307-76114-9. 
^ Leach, William (1993). Land of Desire. New York: Pantheon Books. p. 373. ISBN 978-0-307-76114-9. 
^ Brandt (2009) p.31
^ Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (1976), pp. 68–59. "Widespread within the socially oriented literature of business in the twenties and thirties is a notion of educating people into an acceptance of the products and aesthetics of a mass-produced culture. ... Beyond this, and perhaps more important to the consciousness of many, were the indigenous networks of social structure which generated mistrust or open opposition to corporate monopolization of culture."
^ Ewen, Captains of Consciousness (1976), pp. 62–65.
^ Petit, The Men and Women We Want (2010), pp. 66–68.
^ Advertising Slogans Archived May 30, 2012, at Archive.is, Woodbury Soap Company, "A skin you love to touch", J. Walter Thompson Co., 1911
^ Benjamin, L.T., & Baker, D.B. 2004. Industrial-organizational psychology: The new psychology and the business of advertising. From Séance to Science: A History of the Profession of Psychology in America. 118–121. California: Wadsworth/Thomson Learning.
^ McChesney, Robert, Educators and the Battle for Control of U.S. Broadcasting, 1928–35, Rich Media, Poor Democracy, ISBN 0-252-02448-6 (1999)
^ Senn, James A. (2000). "Electronic Commerce Beyond the "dot com" Boom". National Tax Journal. 53 (3, Part 1): 373–383. doi:10.17310/ntj.2000.3.04. 
^ Ko, Hanjun; Cho, Chang-Hoan; Roberts, Marilyn S. (1 June 2005). "Internet Uses and Gratifications: A Structural Equation Model of Interactive Advertising". Journal of Advertising. 34 (2): 57–59. ISSN 0091-3367. doi:10.1080/00913367.2005.10639191. 
^ "Annual U.S. Advertising Expenditure Since 1919". Galbithink.org. September 14, 2008. Archived from the original on April 1, 2009. Retrieved April 20, 2009. 
^ Bigat, Ekrem Cetin (1 January 2012). "Guerrilla Advertisement and Marketing". Procedia - Social and Behavioral Sciences. 51: 1022–1029. doi:10.1016/j.sbspro.2012.08.281. 
^ Culotta, Aron; Cutler, Jennifer (22 February 2016). "Mining Brand Perceptions from Twitter Social Networks". Marketing Science. 35 (3): 343–362. ISSN 0732-2399. doi:10.1287/mksc.2015.0968. 
^ "The Complete List of Domain Parking Companies". Parkmynames.com. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ a b Tess Diaz (April 15, 2014). "Domain Name Leasing: A Growing Business Model". MediaOptions.com. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ "ICANN Whois Database". ICANN.org. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ "Commercial Acting - Science of the Business". Socialbilitty. February 17, 2017. Retrieved February 18, 2017. 
^ "Executive summary: Advertising Expenditure Forecasts" (PDF). ZenithOptimedia. December 2015. Archived from the original (PDF) on August 4, 2016. 
^ a b "A Super Bowl Ad Really Is Worth $4 Million". Forbes. 2014-01-29. 
^ "Yes, A Super Bowl Ad Really Is Worth $4 Million". Forbes. 2014-01-29. 
^ McCarthy, Michael (October 17, 2002). "Digitally inserted ads pop up more in sports". usatoday.Com. Retrieved April 20, 2009. 
^ Keith Mcarthur. "Business". globeandmail.com. Archived from the original on March 16, 2006. Retrieved April 20, 2009. 
^ "Canwestmediaworks.com". Canwestmediaworks.com. Retrieved August 23, 2010. 
^ Planman Stars and Brandmagic.tv bring Virtual Advertising to Cricket[permanent dead link]
^ "ADVision – Full motion virtual advertising –". Orad.tv. Retrieved January 18, 2014. 
^ Advertising's Twilight Zone: That Signpost Up Ahead May Be a Virtual Product – New York Times
^ "Welcome to E-Commerce Times". Ecommercetimes.com. Retrieved April 20, 2009. 
^ "What is Native Advertising?". Digital Marketer. Retrieved September 8, 2015. 
^ Marc Ostrofsky (2011). "Get Rich Click!: The Ultimate Guide to Making Money on the Internet". Free Press, Simon and Schuster. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ Eytan Elbaz (April 22, 2013). "Ten Years Later – Lessons from the Applied Semantics Google Acquisition". Allthingsd.com. Retrieved December 15, 2014. 
^ "Extreme advertising: how advertisers push the limits". copywritercollective.com. Retrieved September 8, 2015. 
^ "How Americans get their news". American Press Institute. March 17, 2014. Retrieved December 14, 2015. 
^ Oberoi, Ankit. "The History of Online Advertising". AdPush. Retrieved April 28, 2016. 
^ Wasserman, Todd. "This is the World's First Banner Ad". Mashable. Retrieved April 28, 2016. 
^ Bennet, Mike (2015). A Brief History of Science with Levity. p. 301. ISBN 978 1784622954. 
^ "Overview of Trademark Law". Harvard Law School.  "Under some circumstances, terms that are not originally generic can become generic over time (a process called "genericity"), and thus become unprotected."
^ "Pepsi's bus stop ad in London might be the best use of augmented reality yet". Blippar. The Verge, Jacob Kastrenakes. Retrieved March 25, 2014. 
^ "Trends & Numbers". Newspaper Association of America. March 14, 2012. Archived from the original on December 18, 2014. Retrieved September 18, 2012. 
^ "Interactive – VOD" Archived March 26, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. "Comcast Spotlight website". Retrieved October 5, 2006. Archived March 26, 2009, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Lotich, Bob. "What Is Google Adsense & How Does It Work?". bloggingyourpassion.com. Retrieved 19 September 2016. 
^ a b "Who's Buying What at Super Bowl 2007". Advertising Age. Retrieved May 10, 2010. 
^ Elliott, Stuart (February 8, 2010). "Do-It-Yourself Super Ads". New York Times. Retrieved May 10, 2010. 
^ Horovitz, Bruce (December 31, 2009). "'Two nobodies from nowhere' craft winning Super Bowl ad". USA Today. Retrieved May 10, 2010. 
^ "Zooppa.com, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg". www.bloomberg.com. Retrieved 2017-04-30. 
^ Moskowitz, Robert (May 10, 2006). "Are Consumer-Generated Ads Here to Stay?". iMediaConnection. Archived from the original on April 26, 2010. Retrieved May 10, 2010. 
^ Global marketing Management, 2004, pp. 13–8
^ Young, p.131
^ Howard, Theresa (October 10, 2005). "USA Today, October 9, 2005". Usatoday.com. Retrieved April 20, 2009. 
^ Leonard, Devin (December 12, 2005). "Madison Ave. Lights Up". Fortune. 
^ http://realitytvmagazine.sheknows.com/2011/05/09/survivor-jeff-probst-says-product-placement-is-here-to-stay/
^ Avery, James (1992-08-01). "Student-Run Advertising Agency: A Showcase for Student Work.". 
^ Taylor, John (1978). How to start and succeed in a business of your own. p. 293. 
^ Altstiel, Tom, and Jean Grow. Advertising Strategy: Creative Tactics From the Outside/In. CA: Sage Publication Inc. 2006. Print.
^ McQueen, Josh (2012). Building Brand Trust. United States of America: Xlibris Corporation. p. 33. ISBN 978-1-4771-0500-9. 
^ "Slashdot | ISP Operator Barry Shein Answers Spam Questions". Interviews.slashdot.org. March 3, 2003. Retrieved April 20, 2009. 
^ "How Marketers Target Kids". Web.archive.org. Archived from the original on April 16, 2009. Retrieved January 18, 2014. 
^ Gussow, Joan (March 2, 1972). "Counternutritional Messages of TV Ads Aimed at Children". Journal of Nutrition Education: 48–52. 
^ "First Lady to Food Companies: Make Healthier Ads for Kids Now". CBS News. Retrieved April 20, 2015. 
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on May 7, 2016. Retrieved May 6, 2016. 
^ a b UK_advertising (2016-01-15). "Marketing and Advertising: The Law". Her Majesty's Stationery Office. Retrieved 2016-09-05. 
^ "Advertising Standards Authority". Advertising Standards Authority. Retrieved 2016-09-05. 
^ Advertising Standards Authority of South Africa: About Us, retrieved 2010-07-05 
^ "About Regulation Our Framework". ASA.org.uk. Archived from the original on October 7, 2015. Retrieved October 5, 2015. 
^ "What happens if an advertisement is displayed without the necessary consent?". PlanningGuidance.PlanningPortal.gov.uk. Retrieved 2015-10-05. 
^ "Welcome to SCRUB". Urbanblight.org. Archived from the original on April 22, 2009. Retrieved April 20, 2009. 
^ "How the Highway Beautification Act Became a Law". Fhwa.dot.gov. Archived from the original on June 4, 2009. Retrieved April 20, 2009. 
^ "Billboard ban in São Paulo angers advertisers – Americas – International Herald Tribune". International Herald Tribune. December 12, 2006. Retrieved January 20, 2014. 
^ Bhatia and Ritchie 2006:542
^ "Advertising – Tax Included in Price". Department of Revenue, Washington State. Retrieved 2016-09-05. 
^ "Advertising Requirements". Travel Industry Council of Ontario. Retrieved 2016-09-05. 
^ "Pricing". Consumer Protection. Retrieved 2016-09-05. 
^ ACCC. "Displaying Prices". Australian Competition and Consumer Commission. Retrieved 2016-09-05. 
^ "Relevant Code Rule". Advertising Standards Authority. Retrieved 2016-09-05. 
^ "Display of Prices for Goods and Services". Citizens Information. 2016-05-31. Retrieved 2016-09-05. 
^ Littlejohn, Stephen W., ed. (2009). "Advertising Theories". Encyclopedia of Communication Theory. 1. SAGE. p. 19. ISBN 978-1-4129-5937-7. Retrieved August 16, 2013. Originally developed in the personal-selling literature, the hierarchy-of-effects model has undergone various modifications in its historical development such that today we use it in the plural form, indicating that competing models exist. 
^ Clow, Kenneth E.; Baack, Donald (2007). Integrated Advertising, Promotion, and Marketing Communications 3rd edition. Pearson Education. pp. 165–71. ISBN 0-13-186622-2.
^ Reynolds, Thomas J.; Olson, Jerry C. (2001-05-01). Understanding Consumer Decision Making: The Means-end Approach To Marketing and Advertising Strategy. Psychology Press. p. 3. ISBN 9781135693169. 
^ McCarthy, Jerome E. (1964). Basic Marketing. A Managerial Approach. Homewood, IL: Irwin. 
^ Needham, Dave (1996). Business for Higher Awards. Oxford, England: Heinemann. 
^ Schultz, Don E; Tannenbaum, Stanley I; Lauterborn, Robert F (1993), Integrated marketing communications, NTC Business Books, ISBN 978-0-8442-3363-5 
^ Shimizu, Koichi (1989) "Advertising Theory and Strategies", (Japanese) first edition, Souseisha Book Company in Tokyo. (ISBN 4-7944-2030-7 C3034 P3980E) pp. 63–102.
^ Shimizu, Koichi (2014) "Advertising Theory and Strategies", (Japanese) 18th edition, Souseisha Book Company (ISBN 4-7944-2132-X C3034) pp. 63–102.
^ Solis, Brian (2011) Engage!: The Complete Guide for Brands and Businesses to Build, Cultivate, and Measure Success in the New Web, John Wiley & Sons, Inc. pp. 201–202.
^ Shimizu, Koichi (2003) "Symbiotic Marketing Strategy", (Japanese) 4th edition, Souseisha Book Company.(ISBN 4-7944-2158-3 C3034) pp. 25–62.
^ "CopyTesting.org". www.copytesting.org. Retrieved 2017-02-13. 
^ Peeter Verlegh, Hilde Voorveld, and Martin Eisend, eds. Advances in Advertising Research (Vol. VI): The Digital, the Classic, the Subtle, and the Alternative (Springer, 2015).
^ Mick, Devid Glen (September 1986). "Consumer Research and Semiotics: Exploring the Morphology of Signs, Symbols, and Significance". The Journal of Consumer Research. 13 (2): 196. doi:10.1086/209060. 
^ Beasley, Ron (2002). Persuasive Signs: The Semiotics of Advertising. Berlin, Germany: Walter deGruyter GmbH & KG. ISBN 3-11-017341-7. 
^ Pinson, Christian (1998). Marketing Semiotics (PDF). 
^ Umiker-Sebeok, Donna Jean (1987). Marketing and Semiotics. Berlin: Walter de Gruyter & Co. 
^ Salsburey, Justin. "Semiotic analysis of iPod Advertisements". 
^ Ademola, Owolabi (2005). "Effects of Gender-Role Orientation, Sex of Advert Presenter and Product Type on Advertising Effectiveness". European Journal of Scientific Research. 35 (4): 537–543. 
^ Koc, Erdogan (2002). "Impact of gender in marketing communications: the role of cognitive and affective cues". Journal of Marketing Communications. 8 (4): 257. doi:10.1080/13527260210145993. 
^ Holbrook, Morris (November 1978). "Beyond Attitude Structure: Toward the Informational Determinants of Attitude". Journal of Marketing Research. 15 (4): 545. JSTOR 3150624. doi:10.2307/3150624. 
^ Silverman, Julian; King, Catherine (1970). "Pseudoperceptual defferentiation". Journal of Consulting and Clinical Psychology. 34 (1): 119–23. PMID 5436459. doi:10.1037/h0028807. 
^ "Female Celebrities Still Can't Break Through the Glass Ceiling of Voice-over Work". 
^ Chandler, Daniel; Griffiths, Merris (2010). "Gender-Differentiated Production Features in Toy Commercials". Journal of Broadcasting & Electronic Media. 44 (3): 503. doi:10.1207/s15506878jobem4403_10. 
^ Statt, David (1977). Understanding the Consumer – A Psychological Approach. London: Macmillan Press. 
^ Vestergaard and Schrøder, The Language of Advertising, 75
^ "Advertising Sets Impossible Standards for Women". The Balance. Retrieved 2017-05-07. 
^ Splendora, "Discourse", Review of Vestergaard and Schrøder, The Language of Advertising in Language in Society, 449
^ Martin, Brett A. S. (2003), "The Inﬂuence of Gender on Mood Effects in Advertising", Psychology and Marketing,20 (3), 249–73.[dead link]
^ "Ads That Empower Women Don’t Just Break Stereotypes—They’re Also Effective". Retrieved 2017-05-07. 
^ "OUR EPIC BATTLE #LIKEAGIRL". always.com. Retrieved 2017-05-07. 


Further reading[edit]


Arens, William, and Michael Weigold. Contemporary Advertising: And Integrated Marketing Communications (2012)
Belch, George E., and Michael A. Belch. Advertising and Promotion: An Integrated Marketing Communications Perspective (10th ed. 2014)
Biocca, Frank. Television and Political Advertising: Volume I: Psychological Processes (Routledge, 2013)
Chandra, Ambarish, and Ulrich Kaiser. "Targeted advertising in magazine markets and the advent of the internet." Management Science 60.7 (2014) pp: 1829–1843.
Chen, Yongmin, and Chuan He. "Paid placement: Advertising and search on the internet*." The Economic Journal 121#556 (2011): F309-F328. online
Johnson-Cartee, Karen S., and Gary Copeland. Negative political advertising: Coming of age (2013)
McAllister, Matthew P. and Emily West, eds. HardcoverThe Routledge Companion to Advertising and Promotional Culture (2013)
McFall, Elizabeth Rose Advertising: a cultural economy (2004), cultural and sociological approaches to advertising
Moriarty, Sandra, and Nancy Mitchell. Advertising & IMC: Principles and Practice (10th ed. 2014)
Okorie, Nelson. The Principles of Advertising: concepts and trends in advertising (2011)
Reichert, Tom, and Jacqueline Lambiase, eds. Sex in advertising: Perspectives on the erotic appeal (Routledge, 2014)
Sheehan, Kim Bartel. Controversies in contemporary advertising (Sage Publications, 2013)
Vestergaard, Torben and Schrøder, Kim. The Language of Advertising. Oxford: Basil Blackwell, 1985. ISBN 0-631-12743-7

Splendora, Anthony. "Discourse", a Review of Vestergaard and Schrøder, The Language of Advertising in Language in Society Vol. 15, No. 4 (Dec., 1986), pp. 445–449



History[edit]
Main article: History of advertising § Further reading

Brandt, Allan. The Cigarette Century (2009)
Crawford, Robert. But Wait, There's More!: A History of Australian Advertising, 1900–2000 (2008)
Ewen, Stuart. Captains of Consciousness: Advertising and the Social Roots of Consumer Culture. New York: McGraw-Hill, 1976. ISBN 0-07-019846-2
Fox, Stephen R. The mirror makers: A history of American advertising and its creators (University of Illinois Press, 1984)
Friedman, Walter A. Birth of a Salesman (Harvard University Press, 2005), In the United States
Jacobson, Lisa. Raising consumers: Children and the American mass market in the early twentieth century (Columbia University Press, 2013)
Jamieson, Kathleen Hall. Packaging the presidency: A history and criticism of presidential campaign advertising (Oxford University Press, 1996)
Laird, Pamela Walker. Advertising progress: American business and the rise of consumer marketing (Johns Hopkins University Press, 2001.)
Lears, Jackson. Fables of abundance: A cultural history of advertising in America (1995)
Liguori, Maria Chiara. "North and South: Advertising Prosperity in the Italian Economic Boom Years." Advertising & Society Review (2015) 15#4
Meyers, Cynthia B. A Word from Our Sponsor: Admen, Advertising, and the Golden Age of Radio (2014)
Mazzarella, William. Shoveling smoke: Advertising and globalization in contemporary India (Duke University Press, 2003)
Moriarty, Sandra, et al. Advertising: Principles and practice (Pearson Australia, 2014), Australian perspectives
Nevett, Terence R. Advertising in Britain: a history (1982)
Oram, Hugh. The advertising book: The history of advertising in Ireland (MOL Books, 1986)
Presbrey, Frank. "The history and development of advertising." Advertising & Society Review (2000) 1#1 online
Saunders, Thomas J. "Selling under the Swastika: Advertising and Commercial Culture in Nazi Germany." German History (2014): ghu058.
Short, John Phillip. "Advertising Empire: Race and Visual Culture in Imperial Germany." Enterprise and Society (2014): khu013.
Sivulka, Juliann. Soap, sex, and cigarettes: A cultural history of American advertising (Cengage Learning, 2011)
Spring, Dawn. "The Globalization of American Advertising and Brand Management: A Brief History of the J. Walter Thompson Company, Proctor and Gamble, and US Foreign Policy." Global Studies Journal (2013). 5#4
Stephenson, Harry Edward, and Carlton McNaught. The Story of Advertising in Canada: A Chronicle of Fifty Years (Ryerson Press, 1940)
Tungate, Mark. Adland: a global history of advertising (Kogan Page Publishers, 2007.)
West, Darrell M. Air Wars: Television Advertising and Social Media in Election Campaigns, 1952–2012 (Sage, 2013)


External links[edit]

Find more aboutAdvertisingat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity
Data from Wikidata




Library resources about
Advertising





Resources in your library
Resources in other libraries





Advertising Educational Foundation, archived advertising exhibits and classroom resources
Hartman Center for Sales, Advertising & Marketing History at Duke University

Duke University Libraries Digital Collections:

Ad*Access, over 7,000 U.S. and Canadian advertisements, dated 1911–1955, includes World War II propaganda.
Emergence of Advertising in America, 9,000 advertising items and publications dating from 1850 to 1940, illustrating the rise of consumer culture and the birth of a professionalized advertising industry in the United States.
AdViews, vintage television commercials
ROAD 2.0, 30,000 outdoor advertising images
Medicine & Madison Avenue, documents advertising of medical and pharmaceutical products




Art & Copy, a 2009 documentary film about the advertising industry







v
t
e


Product advertising






Alcohol advertising
Cosmetic advertising
Fast food advertising
Gambling advertising
Legal advertising
Mobile phone content advertising
Tobacco advertising
Toy advertising












v
t
e


Media manipulation



Context



Bias
Crowd psychology
Deception
Dumbing down
False balance
Half-truths
Machiavellianism
Media
Obfuscation
Orwellian
Persuasion
Psychological manipulation





Activism



Alternative media
Boycott
Civil disobedience
Culture jamming
Demonstrations
Guerrilla communication
Hacktivism
Internet
Media
Occupations
Petitions
Protests
Youth





Advertising



Billboards
False
Infomercials
Mobiles
Modeling
Radio
Sex
Slogans
Testimonials
TV








Censorship
Regulation






Books
Broadcast law
Burying of scholars
Cover-ups
Corporate
Euphemism
Films
Historical revisionism
Internet
Political
Religious
Self





Hoaxing



Alternative facts
April Fools'
Fakelore
Fake news website
Fictitious entries
Forgery
Gaslighting
List
Literary
Racial
Urban legend
Virus





Marketing



Branding
Loyalty
Product
Product placement
Publicity
Research
Word of mouth





News media



Agenda-setting
Broadcasting
Circus
Cycle
False balance
Fox News
MSNBC
CNN
Huffington Post
Infotainment
Managing
Narcotizing dysfunction
Newspeak
Pseudo-event
Scrum
Sensationalism
Tabloid journalism





Political campaigning



Advertising
Astroturfing
Attack ad
Canvassing
Character assassination
Charm offensive
Dog-whistle politics
Election promises
Lawn signs
Manifestos
Name recognition
Negative
Push polling
Smear campaign
Wedge issue





Propaganda



Bandwagon
Crowd manipulation
Disinformation
Fearmongering
Framing
Indoctrination
Loaded language
Lying press
National mythology
Techniques





Psychological warfare



Airborne leaflets
False flag
Fifth column
Information (IT)
Lawfare
Political
Public diplomacy
Sedition
Subversion





Public relations



Cult of personality
Doublespeak
Non-apology apology
Reputation management
Slogans
Sound bites
Spin
Transfer
Understatement
Weasel words





Sales



Cold calling
Door-to-door
Phone
Pricing
Product demonstrations
Promotional merchandise
Promotion












v
t
e


Media culture



Media



Mass media
Mainstream media
24-hour news cycle
Corporate media
News broadcasting
News media
Film
Internet
Radio
Television





Ideology



Mainstream
Advanced capitalism
American Dream
Bipartisanship
Consumerism
Pensée unique
Pop music





Deception





Forms




Advertising
Propaganda
Public relations
Spin
Tabloid journalism






Techniques




Cult of personality
Dumbing down
Framing
Media circus
Media event
Narcotizing dysfunction
Recuperation
Sensationalism






Others




Crowd manipulation
Managing the news
Media manipulation








Philosophers



Theodor W. Adorno
Jean Baudrillard
Edward Bernays
Noam Chomsky
Guy Debord
Walter Lippmann
Marshall McLuhan





Counterculture



Boycott
Civil disobedience
Culture jamming
Demonstration
Graffiti
Occupation
Political satire
Protest
Punk
Strike action





In academia



Media influence
Media studies
Semiotic democracy
The Lonely Crowd





Issues



Anonymity
Concentration of media ownership
Freedom of speech
Media bias
Privacy





Synonyms



Advanced capitalism
Culture industry
Mass society
Post-Fordism
Society of the Spectacle












v
t
e


Aspects of capitalism
(academic views)



General



Business cycle
Competition
Economic bubble
Economic development
Entrepreneurship
Ecoprenuership
Externalities
Globalization
History of capitalist theory
Industrial Revolution
Innovation
Invention
Market failure
Merit
Multinational corporation
Oligopoly
Privatization
Profit
Property rights
Regulation
Wage labour
Wealth





Ideology



American Dream
Bipartisanship
Democracy
Free market
Individualism
Laissez-faire
Libertarianism
Neoliberalism





Cultural aspects



Culture of capitalism
Advertising
Consumerism
Decentralization
Economic mobility
Liberty
Mainstream
Philanthropy
Private foundation
Rule of law
Social alienation
Spontaneous order





Social aspects



Economic inequality
Employment
Freedom of association
Labour market flexibility
Labour supply
Productivity
Prosperity
Social venture capital
Unemployment





Criticism



Criticism
Anti-capitalism
Market fundamentalism
Marxism
Wage slavery





Antithesis



Anarchism
Anarcho-syndicalism
Communism
Green politics
Libertarian socialism
Mercantilism
Post-scarcity economy
Sharing economy
Social anarchism
Socialism
Syndicalism









Authority control



GND: 4065541-6
BNF: cb13318427c (data)
HDS: 14058
NDL: 00566302










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Advertising&oldid=793013768"					
Categories: AdvertisingBranding companiesCommunication designInternet advertising services and affiliate networksMedia manipulation techniquesProduct designHidden categories: Webarchive template archiveis linksAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksWebarchive template wayback linksArticles with dead external links from February 2017Wikipedia pending changes protected pages (level 1)Use mdy dates from January 2014Self-contradictory articles from January 2017All self-contradictory articlesAccuracy disputes from May 2016All accuracy disputesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2014Articles with unsourced statements from January 2017All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from December 2014Wikipedia articles needing clarification from January 2017Articles with disputed statements from January 2017Accuracy disputes from January 2017Wikipedia articles that may have off-topic sectionsArticles that may contain original research from April 2012All articles that may contain original researchArticles with unsourced statements from April 2012All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from December 2014Articles with unsourced statements from September 2010Articles needing additional references from December 2014All articles needing additional referencesArticles that may contain original research from December 2014Articles that may contain original research from February 2016All articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from April 2015Wikipedia articles needing factual verification from April 2015Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015Vague or ambiguous time from April 2015Wikipedia articles needing factual verification from February 2017Wikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersArticles containing video clips 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikibooksWikiquote 



Languages


العربيةAragonésঅসমীয়াAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBrezhonegCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChavacano de ZamboangaChiShonaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskFurlanGaeilgeGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡქართულიҚазақшаKurdîКыргызчаLatinaLatviešuMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीBahasa MelayuМонголNederlandsनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskOccitanਪੰਜਾਬੀPatoisPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSeelterskSicilianuසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheTiếng ViệtVõroWalonייִדיש粵語中文Kabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 30 July 2017, at 02:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Nova Science Publishers - The Latest Ebooks, Hardcovers and Softcovers




















 
 










            



  Top » Catalog
My Account  |  Cart Contents  |  Checkout   









 



Quick Find










  Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search














What's New?










Advances in Chemistry Research. Volume 39$225.00













Shopping Cart










0 items













Information










Shipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseContact Us














Bestsellers










01.Algebra for Athletes 2nd Edition02.The Crisis Intervention Team (CIT) Model of Collaboration between Law Enforcement and Mental Health03.Grace Coolidge: Sudden Star04.School Improvement: International Perspectives05.My Loving Relationships06.Pharmacological Activity-Based Quality Control of Chinese Herbs07.Our Loving Relationship08.PDF - chapters or articles - Unlimited Distribution (Enter publication in Comments box)09.ADHD and Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders (FASD)10.Weathered Crust Elution-Deposited Rare Earth Ores





































Welcome to Nova Science Publishers, Inc.


 

  NOVA publishes a wide array of books and journals from authors around the globe.
 
  We invite you to browse our site for subjects of particular interest to you.













What's Special For August







Global Political Economy after the Crisis: Theoretical Perspectives and Country Experiences$207.00
Palliative Care: Perspectives, Practices and Impact on Quality of Life. A Global View, Volume 1$279.00
Trace Metals: Evolution, Environmental and Ecological Significance$73.80


Informal Learning: Perspectives, Challenges and Opportunities$207.00
Dissolved Organic Matter (DOM): Properties, Applications and Behavior$207.00
Green Polymeric Materials: Advances and Sustainable Development$144.00


Readings in the 20th Century Genocide of the Syriac Orthodox Church of Antioch (Sayfo)$85.50
Human Collaboration in Homeland Security (DVD Included)$279.00
Health and Freedom in the Balance: Exploring the Tensions among Public Health, Individual Liberty, and Governmental Authority$144.00


Innovations in Dialysis Vascular Access Surgery$207.00
Major Depressive Disorder: Risk Factors, Characteristics and Treatment Options$207.00
Inulin: Chemical Properties, Uses and Health Benefits$73.80



















Special Focus Titles










01.Essureal Journey: Concepts, Concerns and Considerations for Hysteroscopic Sterilization02.Feminism: Past, Present and Future Perspectives03.Accelerating Newborn through Toddler Learning Development04.Neonatal Intensive Care Units (NICUs): Clinical and Patient Perspectives, Levels of Care and Emerging Challenges05.Genetic Mistakes: Understanding and Living with Fatty Acid Oxidation Disorders06.The Impact of Severe Mental Illness on Quality of Life: Challenges for Research and Practices07.Vukhomba: An Analysis of the Puberty Rites of Passage for Girls among Vatsonga in Relation to Sexuality Education08.The Challenges and Issues of Tourism Development in China09.Reconstruction of the Tradition: Tourism and Authentication of Heritage in China10.Nonlinearity: Problems, Solutions and Applications. Volume 111.Adaptive Management: Elements, Applications and Research12.Natural Fibers: Properties, Mechanical Behavior, Functionalization and Applications















  Tuesday 01 August, 2017  
    









    






Nova Science Publishers © Copyright 2004 - 2017    








AFNOR Solutions - Normalisation, Certification, Edition et Formation










































































































 





 



  Find us  
 Press contact  
 Private areas  
Français  
Search for:



 










 












































SOLUTIONS THAT MAKE A DIFFERENCE

 








PURCHASE A STANDARD

 








INFORMATION & INTELLIGENCE

 








RAISE COMPETENCE

 








GET CERTIFIED

 








WORLDWIDE

 








MEASURE & COMPARE

 








SAVE ENERGY

 








STRIVE FOR EXCELLENCE

 


Influence and standardize

General interest standardization activities allow you to prove your expertise in France,
Europe and worldwide by building the voluntary standards that regulate your market yourself.

Find out all about standardization (in French)

  



NEWS




New survey: ISO 50001 certification holders value a formalized energy management processFollowing an initial survey in 2015, AFNOR Group has once again interviewed ISO 50001 cert...04 July, 2017Working in Russia: the right advice from the AFNOR GroupAlice Lecureux and Leonid Dvorkin from AFNOR International invite all those who are tempte...28 June, 2017YPFB Transporte : QSE in the pipelineIBNORCA, AFNOR Certification’s Bolivian partner, has successfully audited public utility Y...13 June, 2017 


All news 


 



VIDEOS




 


All videos
INSIGHTS BY SUBJECT










The 2015 version of ISO 9001: are you ready ?

 









Energy : solutions for action 

 









CSR within reach of all enterprises 

 









Digital technology: from quality to safety 

 
see all














This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More
















































United States History: Preparing for the Advanced Placement Examination (2015 Exam) - Student Edition Softcover: Perfection Learning: 9780789189042: Amazon.com: Books







 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Fresh
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks




















































































                Books
            


             ›
         


                 History
             











Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 


























Share


Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest




























            See All Buying Options
        






                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      



















         Sell yours for a Gift Card
      


        We'll buy it for 
      

        $10.34
      




            Learn More
          



        Trade in now
      










Have one to sell?

            Sell on Amazon
        





























Flip to back
Flip to front







Listen





Playing...





Paused



 

You're listening to a sample of the Audible audio edition.

Learn more













See all 2 images












United States History: Preparing for the Advanced Placement Examination (2015 Exam) - Student Edition Softcover
Paperback

– 2014



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
            
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			
Perfection Learning

(Editor)











4.4 out of 5 stars








122 customer reviews





















See all 2 formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            















Paperback




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             







$72.91




$29.25















Paperback 

    
      
          
        







  
  
    
      
      
        
        





        from $29.25
        
      
    
  
  
    
      
      
      
        



    
      
    







        
          60 Used from $29.25
        
      



        
          9 New from $72.91
        
      

























 This best-selling program is divided into nine chronological periods mirroring the structure of the new AP U.S. College Board Curriculum framework and reflects the Board's effort to focus on trends rather than isolated facts. Each period features a one-page overview suggesting various ways historians have studied the period and lists the three featured key concepts from the College Board Curriculum Framework. Each chapter concludes with historical perspectives, a feature that addresses the College Board emphasis on how historians have interpreted the events of the chapter in various ways. The chapter conclusion features a list of key terms, people, and events organized by theme, reflecting the College Board's focus on asking students to identify themes not just events. The chapter assessments include eight multiple-choice items, each tied to a source as on the new AP exam as well as four short-answer questions. Also included are period reviews with long-essay questions and document-based questions in the format of those on the new AP exam.











Read more
Read less













See the Best Books of 2017 So Far
  
Looking for something great to read? Browse our editors' picks for the best books of the year so far in fiction, nonfiction, mysteries, children's books, and much more.
  
  
    













See all buying options










        United States History: Preparing for the Advanced Placement Examination (2015 Exam) - Student Edition Softcover
    





        
            
                        
        
        Available from these sellers.
    
























 click to open popover 









Customers who bought this item also boughtPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            The American Pageant 16th AP Edition
        

David M. Kennedy


4.5 out of 5 stars

12

Hardcover32 offers from $209.70





            Christian Morality (student book): Our Response to God's Love
        

Brian Singer-Towns


5.0 out of 5 stars

10

Paperback$25.68 Prime





            World Religions (2015): A Voyage of Discovery 4th Edition
        

Jeffrey Brodd


4.6 out of 5 stars

6

Paperback$24.58 Prime





            A Guide to MLA Documentation
        

Joseph F. Trimmer


3.7 out of 5 stars

33

Paperback$36.42 Prime





            The American People: Creating a Nation and a Society, Concise Edition, Combined Volume (7th Edition)
        

Gary B. Nash


3.0 out of 5 stars

8

Paperback$102.47 Prime





            Enduring Vision AP Ed
        

Paul S. Boyer


4.6 out of 5 stars

3

Hardcover$149.95 Prime


Next







What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?










United States History: Preparing for the Advanced Placement Examination (2016 Exam) - Student Edition Softcover
Paperback

John J. Newman


2.6 out of 5 stars

718

$26.50 Prime









United States History: Preparing for the Advanced Placement Examination, 2018 Edition
Paperback

NA
4 offers from $28.96









A People's History of the United States
Paperback

Howard Zinn


4.5 out of 5 stars

2,789

$15.25 Prime









The Glass Castle: A Memoir
Paperback

Jeannette Walls


4.6 out of 5 stars

5,896

$10.88 Prime









         Sponsored products related to this item  (What's this?)       Page  1  of  1     Start over       Sponsored Products are advertisements for products sold by merchants on Amazon.com. When you click on a Sponsored Product ad, you will be taken to an Amazon detail page where you can learn more about the product and purchase it.   To learn more about Amazon Sponsored Products, click here.              Feedback       Sterling Test Prep AP U.S. History: Complete Content Review   Sterling Test Prep   Increase your score with a targeted, thorough and curriculum-oriented review of all periods and Key Concepts tested on the exam. Politics, culture ...     5 out of 5 stars    15   Paperback   $19.45    Prime               Feedback       10 THINGS WHITE PEOPLE DON'T TELL YOU   Otis Aubert   Think you've heard it all? Think again. 10 Things White People Don't Tell You.     3.3 out of 5 stars    20   Kindle Edition   $4.99              Feedback       ISIS: Terrorists On The Rise: Origins Of The New War On Terror   Bob Devins   Explore the real story revolving around the origins and rise of ISIS. Discover how and why they seem to be even more powerful than ever.     4.2 out of 5 stars    11   Kindle Edition   $1.95              Feedback       Retribution   John Frame   The moment the missile left its launch tube, the political solution to end the Rhodesian bush war faltered. Innocent civilians were the victims.     4 out of 5 stars    30   Kindle Edition   $3.99              Feedback       Killing Japan: The Final Year of World War II   Michael O'Brian   World War II was the bloodiest war in human history, but nowhere was the fighting more vicious than in the final year of fighting in the Pacific.     3.6 out of 5 stars    36   Kindle Edition   $2.99              Feedback       The Incorruptibles: A Study of the Incorruption of the Bodies of Various Catholic Saints and Beati   Joan Carroll Cruz     4.5 out of 5 stars    93   Paperback   $12.61    Prime               Feedback       On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century   Timothy Snyder     4.6 out of 5 stars    1,106   Paperback   $6.21    Prime                Back         Next          Ad feedback    













                    Editorial Reviews
                    
                 




This best-selling program is divided into nine chronological periods mirroring the structure of the new AP U.S. College Board Curriculum framework and reflects the Board’s effort to focus on trends rather than isolated facts. Each period features a one-page overview suggesting various ways historians have studied the period and lists the three featured key concepts from the College Board Curriculum Framework. Each chapter concludes with historical perspectives, a feature that addresses the College Board emphasis on how historians have interpreted the events of the chapter in various ways. The chapter conclusion features a list of key terms, people, and events organized by theme, reflecting the College Board’s focus on asking students to identify themes not just events. The chapter assessments include eight multiple-choice items, each tied to a source as on the new AP exam as well as four short-answer questions. Also included are period reviews with long-essay questions and document-based questions in the format of those on the new AP exam.
						    	
					    	

Read more









NO_CONTENT_IN_FEATURE



Book AwardsBrowse award-winning titles.  

See more









Product details


Paperback
Publisher: Perfection learning; 3rd edition (2014)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0789189046
ISBN-13: 978-0789189042

    Product Dimensions: 
    
    9.1 x 6.1 x 1.7 inches
    
Shipping Weight: 2.4 pounds
Average Customer Review:


4.4 out of 5 stars  See all reviews (122 customer reviews)

Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 

































#9,604 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
 































#899
in Books > History



If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?














Important information

IngredientsExample IngredientsDirectionsExample Directions    












Customer reviews4.4 out of 5 stars1224.4 out of 5 stars5 star70%4 star18%3 star5%2 star1%1 star6%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer reviewSee all verified purchase reviewsTop customer reviews5.0 out of 5 starsBest of the BestByR. Mestdaghon August 29, 2014Format: PaperbackAs a teacher of APUSH, I have purchased all the available review books that reflect the 2015 updates; seeing as the College Board has been less than helpful to teachers in this regard. Here is how I rank them:1) AMSCO (John Newman) is the best. This book offers eight stimulus-based multiple choice questions and six short answers per chapter (not period), and 6-10 long essays and a DBQ for each period of history. The drawback to this book, however, is that students cannot purchase an answer key (teachers can obtain one through the publisher, but it must be shipped to a school). There is also only one full-length practice exam.2) Kaplan is also good, as it offers five practice tests and 7-15 stimulus based multiple choice questions, at least two short answers, and either a long essay or a DBQ's for each period of history. This is what I will recommend to my students this year, as I will likely keep the AMSCO for myself to use for in-class assessments.3) Barron's is pretty substandard, for while it does offer three practice tests, it only offers 2-3 stimulus based multiple choice questions and zero short answers, long answers, DBQ's per period of history.4) 5 Steps to a 5, is the worst of the bunch with three practice tests, and no stimulus based multiple choice, short answers, long essays, or DBQ's associated with each period of history.If you are an APUSH teacher, I highly recommend this book.  Whether you spend the extra $6 to buy the answer key from the publisher is up to you.  If you are an APUSH student, I would also highly recommend this book; but would also tell you to consider the Kaplan book as they have a few more full-length tests and answers are included (although you sacrifice questions that are associated with each period).Read more66 comments|
      55 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsFirst Rate U.S. History Review Book (Says a History Teacher)ByD. M.on November 22, 2014Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseAs a history teacher of 45 years, I've seen a lot of bad review books being hauled around by students.  This one is unusually good because it's simple, straightforward and uncomplicated.  The writing is clear, it covers the main topics, and the practice AP exam questions are generally good.  It's also not big and bulky like the more famous review books, most of which are overly complicated and no fun to use.  This one can be treated like a normal book, saved, and reused for years.  Worth the money.Read more11 comment|
      4 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsand it is perfect form of study materialByVVon July 28, 2015Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseThis book is concrete and concise. It allows one to understand the material completely, and it is perfect form of study material. Regular history books have supernumerary information that one may not need in preparing for a American history test, but this book keeps it succinct. It develops the key points very well, and it allows one to understand not only the important people or historical dates but also the  "big picture," which is something that is often overlooked when students study history.Read more0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse3.0 out of 5 starsGood content, but no answers to sample questions, so useless as a study guide.ByKristine V.on October 20, 2014Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseThe study guide has good content, but there are no answers provided for the sample questions unless you are a teacher.  So, it is useless for practicing for the new AP exam.Read more0Comment|
      13 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse4.0 out of 5 starsLess wordy alternativeBylilfriendon March 8, 2017Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseThis 2015 edition was recommended to my son as a "less wordy" alternative to his actual text book. It is condensed and lighter to carry according to him without losing much content /substance. I feel it was a good choice.Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 stars... BOOK YOU WILL PASS ANY AP COURSE AND DO FANTASTIC ON THE EXAMByMelon July 30, 2017Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseIF YOU READ THIS BOOK YOU WILL PASS ANY AP COURSE AND DO FANTASTIC ON THE EXAM. NO OTHER BOOK CAN COMPARERead more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsBUY THIS BOOKByMadeleine Colonnaon June 4, 2015Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseIf you are taking AP United States History, also known as APUSH, you have to BUY THIS BOOK. It is worth every cent, It has everything in it that you need for studying and it is extremely organized. Each grou of paragraph(s) has its own heading that clearly describes the following paragraph(s). Even if you are not taking the AP Exam for this class, it is extremely helpful for studying throughout the year. Use it to your advantage. My APUSH teacher had a few of these books in class to help us complete in class assignments and I liked it so much that I had to buy my own copy.If I could give it 10 stars I would!!!Read more0Comment|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse5.0 out of 5 starsBEST PREP BOOK EVERByHeidion September 1, 2015Format: Paperback|Verified PurchaseI got a 5 from reading this book, and my teacher taught us nothing. If it's on the AP exam, it's in the book. Memorize this book, do all the practice problems and you will get a five.The best part of this prep book is that it teaches you history like an actual textbook. In fact, it's 10x more concise than my textbook so it's really worth it. Instead of reading your textbook, this is a much quicker read and has all the important information (and more) that you need.I bought this book princeton, and a few others, but I loved this the best.Read more22 comments|Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseSee all verified purchase reviews (newest first)Write a customer review

Most recent customer reviews5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsVery indepth but not great for last minute cramming.Published 2 days ago by Ani Chen4.0 out of 5 starsFour StarsThe book is good.Published 22 days ago by CHEAPEREVERYTHING5.0 out of 5 starsNice!I used it twice and my professor made me buy it 9/10 First year teachingPublished 27 days ago by Wyatt P.5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsVery helpfulPublished 2 months ago by Theresa Miller5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsPerfect.Published 2 months ago by Mandi Coburn5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsIt will improve your AP US history score.Published 6 months ago by hanjuhang5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsMy son enjoyed this book.Published 6 months ago by Amazon Customer5.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsokPublished 6 months ago by Luis L.5.0 out of 5 starsvery useful and reasonable for the priceCame in handy, very useful and reasonable for the price. My child was able to study and pass the class.Published 6 months ago by didi4105.0 out of 5 starsFive StarsVery helpful for AP HistoryPublished 7 months ago by Amazon CustomerSearch customer reviewsSearch







Pages with related products.
See and discover other items: united states state flag books, u.s history, united states history, history textbooks, edition 2015, state history















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started









































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












United Group For Publishing Adv Mktng SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of United Group For Publishi



















































			Currency : $
		


$







contact
sitemap
















ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789

 








Categories



A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9













>
U>United Group For Publishing Adv Mktng SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of United Group For Publishi
			











United Group For Publishing Adv Mktng SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of United Group For Publishi

This SWOT Analysis of United Group For Publishing Adv Mktng provides a full SWOT analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile shows a comprehensive view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats.
More details












Reference: 
SWT10113898



Quantity:




				This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product.
			


Availability:







Warning: Last items in stock!



























Share on Facebook


	Remove this product from my favorites


	Add this product to my favorites
 Print












Data sheet









United Group For Publishing Adv Mktng SWOT Analysis OverviewCategories: industry report, industry research, swot analysisTag: SWOT analysis, key employees, key competitorsDescription: Companies in this market face an increasing demand for their products and services. The market shows growth potential.This SWOT Analysis of United Group For Publishing Adv Mktng provides a strategic report of businesses and operations of the company. The SWOT analysis shows strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. This SWOT analysis of United Group For Publishing Adv Mktng can provide a competitive advantage.This analysis contains 60 data points.Last update: July 2017.SWOT - Strengths-skilled workforce-existing distribution and sales networks-high profitability and revenue-monetary assistance provided-high growth rate SWOT - Weaknesses-future market size-future profitability SWOT - Opportunities-new acquisitions-income level is at a constant increase SWOT - Threats-cash flow-financial capacity-price changes-external business risks-government regulations Business TrendsProfitabilityOutlookMarketThe industry shows a growth rate of about 8%.Industry specific SWOT analysis (Relevance/Importance)What happens in the underlying industry? Factors and trends affecting the overall industry and their implications for this business:Strengths-The industry provides future trends. (35%, 29%)-We see high industry growth rates. (51%, 44%)-The market size is adequate. (43%, 35%)-The industry has unique products. (50%, 26%)-This is a global industry. (40%, 59%) Weaknesses-Cost and income structure could be critical. (11%, 46%)-There migth be too less suppliers. (44%, 35%) Opportunities-New products and services are possible. (49%, 33%)-Global markets are available. (32%, 11%)-The industry shows a positive trend. (42%, 42%)-The industry faces a recovery. (39%, 11%) Threats-Economic barriers can be seen. (47%, 38%)-The bargaining power of suppliers is high. (12%, 27%) A SWOT Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the history of the company, corporate strategy, business and financial structure, management and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis on products and services, key competitors, as well as detailed financial information.Data on this page may have come in part, or entirely, from one or more data providers. Please contact us for further information. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions on this page. This website is for information purposes only. This is a sample report.Comparable companies and industriesSee a list of comparable companies or industries depending on the similarity of SWOT elements. We use weighted SWOT factors and a clustering technique to identify similar objects.Timbercorp Primary Infrastructure Fund SWOT AnalysisParaca Inc. SWOT AnalysisCentral Urbana SA SWOT AnalysisAtlas Tube SWOT AnalysisFractalist inc. SWOT Analysis







Top 5 SWOT Analysis Search AppleMicrosoftFacebookChina MobileYahoo Compliance Compliance is necessary to make sure that any business or action conducted by a company is within legal parameters. The compliance unit develops, initiates, maintains, and revises policies and procedures for the general operation of the compliance program and its related activities to prevent illegal, unethical, or improper conduct. Financial and strategic SWOT analysis A financial and strategic SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, financial data, business structure, business divisions and key operations. Each report contains a detailed SWOT analysis with additional information on the key competitors, market structure, major products, brands and services, as well as detailed financial data for the last 5 years. Due Diligence Due diligence is the process of systematically researching and verifying the accuracy of a financial statement, business or investment. SWOT Analysis – Advantages and Limitations Over the past decade, SWOT analysis has been extended beyond companies to products, organizations, countries and industries. Each professional business plan contains a SWOT analysis. What are the benefits and limitations? Advantages  You can use a SWOT analysis to summarize a complex situation. It is easy to understand and has little or no cost. Quantitative and qualitative information from different sources can be combined. Focus on the key internal and external factors affecting the organization. It is easy to perform and understand. It can be used fast.    Limitations  There is no weight or prioritization of factors. A SWOT analysis contains of a list of factors without further descriptions or links between factors. The analysis does not provide any solutions. It is only a description. 







 Free information
 Worldwide Coverage
 Free Listings
 Free Access
 Easy and Secure





Categories




A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9









Information

Specials New products
Top sellers Contact us
Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions of use
About us
Sitemap





My account


My orders
My credit slips
My addresses
My personal info


				My favorite products
	


Sign out




Follow us

Facebook Twitter 





This site uses cookies so that we can improve your experience on our sites. You can read about cookie privacy policy by clicking on this link: Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2017 Weiner Consulting. All Rights Reserved. The content of this website is for informational purposes only.
Advisor4u | 
Advisor4u Jobmarket |
Advisor4u Companies |
Advisorgate Industries |
Businessplaninternational | 
Businessplaninternational Digital 
Businessplaninternational SWOT |
Businessplaninternational Datacenter |
Businessplaninternational Freelance | 
Businessplaninternational Marketplace | 
Businessplangate 
Businessplangate Companies |
Livingplace4u College |
Livingplace4u Jobs | 
Propertyplace4u |
Productplace4u |
Advisorgate |
Advisorgate Reports 
Advisorgate BPlans |
Advisorgate Financials |
Advisorgate Competition |
SWOTAnalysis24 |
SWOTData |
Advisorgate SWOT
















Amazon.com: History: Books: World, Europe, Americas, Military, Asia, Ancient Civilizations & More












 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















History



History
All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks














































































History

Browse for books about American history, ancient history, military history, or see our picks for the best books of the month.











            Shop by category
        




        
            





.












Best of the year






        
            





.












Africa






        
            





.












Americas






        
            





.












Ancient civilizations










        
            





.












Europe






        
            





.












Middle East






        
            





.












Military






        
            





.












Russia


















Best sellers




Previous page






Boomerang: Travels in the New Third...


Michael Lewis

		Kindle Edition
	



809



$16.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.41  








The Last Madam: A Life in the New...


Chris Wiltz

		Kindle Edition
	



374



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.49  








The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich













	William L. Shirer, Ron Rosenbaum




	
		Kindle Edition
	



1,680



$17.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  








Night (Night)













	Elie Wiesel, Marion Wiesel




	
		Paperback
	



4,786



$9.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.49  









Strange and Obscure Stories of the...


Tim Rowland

		Kindle Edition
	



24



$14.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald...


Joshua Green

		Hardcover
	



74



$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.20  









Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage...


David Grann

		Kindle Edition
	



857



$28.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind


Yuval Noah Harari

		Kindle Edition
	



3,413



$35.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.99  








Washington: The Indispensable Man


James Thomas Flexner

		Kindle Edition
	



129



$19.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.06  








The Battle of Midway


Craig L. Symonds

		Kindle Edition
	



334



$18.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.99  








Dunkirk: A Miracle of Deliverance


David Boyle

		Kindle Edition
	



19



$2.99  








D DAY Through German Eyes - The...













	Holger Eckhertz, Holger Eckhertz...




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,760



$12.49 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $2.99  








The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game


Michael Lewis

		Kindle Edition
	



574



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.52  








Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow













	Yuval Noah Harari, Derek Perkins...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



514



$34.22 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $29.95  








9 Presidents Who Screwed Up America...


Brion T. McClanahan

		Kindle Edition
	



238



$29.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.19  








The Zookeeper's Wife: A War Story


Diane Ackerman

		Kindle Edition
	



1,492



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.61  








Persepolis: The Story of a Childhood


Marjane Satrapi

		Paperback
	



1,002



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.25  









The Other Wes Moore: One Name, Two Fates


Wes Moore

		Paperback
	



1,007



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.62  









Fragments of Isabella: A Memoir of...


Isabella Leitner

		Kindle Edition
	



59



$7.99  








The Operator: Firing the Shots That...













	Robert O'Neill, Simon & Schuster Audio




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



272



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.95  


Next page












Best history books of 2017 so far

						Browse all of the best books of the year so far
					




Previous page






The Lost City of the Monkey God: A...


Douglas Preston

		Hardcover
	



910



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.60  









A World in Disarray: American Foreign...


Richard Haass

		Hardcover
	



101



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.78  









Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow


Yuval Noah Harari

		Hardcover
	



514



$35.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.79  









Richard Nixon: The Life


John A. Farrell

		Hardcover
	



90



$35.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.67  









The Death and Life of the Great Lakes


Dan Egan

		Hardcover
	



49



$27.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.04  









A Colony in a Nation


Christopher Hayes

		Hardcover
	



230



$26.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.17  









Blitzed: Drugs in the Third Reich













	Norman Ohler, Shaun Whiteside




	
		Hardcover
	



133



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.31  









Dodge City: Wyatt Earp, Bat Masterson...


Tom Clavin

		Hardcover
	



207



$29.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.24  









Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage...


David Grann

		Hardcover
	



857



$28.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.67  









The Road to Jonestown: Jim Jones and...


Jeff Guinn

		Hardcover
	



80



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.98  









Churchill and Orwell: The Fight for...


Thomas E. Ricks

		Hardcover
	



82



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.78  









The Jersey Brothers: A Missing Naval...


Sally Mott Freeman

		Hardcover
	



68



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.26  









Destined for War: Can America and...


Graham Allison

		Hardcover
	



60



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.30  









The Retreat of Western Liberalism


Edward Luce

		Hardcover
	



46



$24.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.36  









Hue 1968: A Turning Point of the...













	Mark Bowden




	
		Hardcover
	



214



$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.38  









The American Spirit: Who We Are and...


David McCullough

		Hardcover
	



167



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.50  









Portraits of Courage: A Commander in...













	George W. Bush, Laura Bush...




	
		Hardcover
	



694



$35.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.33  









Sea Power: The History and...


James Stavridis

		Hardcover
	



65



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.88  









Tears We Cannot Stop: A Sermon to...


Michael Eric Dyson

		Hardcover
	



334



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.49  









The Gatekeepers: How the White House...


Chris Whipple

		Hardcover
	



157



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.80  



Next page












Most wished for




Previous page






Portraits of Courage: A Commander in...













	George W. Bush, Laura Bush...




	
		Hardcover
	



694



$35.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.33  









Hue 1968: A Turning Point of the...













	Mark Bowden




	
		Hardcover
	



214



$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.38  









Humans of New York : Stories


Brandon Stanton

		Hardcover
	



1,648



$29.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.59  









The American Spirit: Who We Are and...


David McCullough

		Hardcover
	



167



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.50  









The Constitution of the United States













	Delegates of the Constitutional Convention




	
		Paperback
	



3,087



$1.50 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.00  









American Eclipse: A Nation's Epic...


David Baron

		Hardcover
	



12



$27.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.00  









Humans of New York


Brandon Stanton

		Hardcover
	



2,921



$29.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.26  









Hidden Figures: The American Dream...


Margot Lee Shetterly

		Paperback
	



1,482



$15.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.31  









The Forgotten 500: The Untold Story...


Gregory A. Freeman

		Paperback
	



1,127



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.02  









The Zookeeper's Wife: A War Story


Diane Ackerman

		Paperback
	



1,492



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.22  









The Drunken Botanist


Amy Stewart

		Hardcover
	



619



$22.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.86  









Alexander Hamilton


Ron Chernow

		Hardcover
	



3,509



$35.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $27.79  









The Wright Brothers


David McCullough

		Paperback
	



5,169



$17.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.40  









Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of...


Gregory Boyle

		Paperback
	



1,129



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.57  









A Short History of Nearly Everything


Bill Bryson

		Paperback
	



2,602



$18.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.35  









Coach Wooden and Me: Our 50-Year...


Kareem Abdul-Jabbar

		Hardcover
	



103



$29.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.30  









The Gatekeepers: How the White House...


Chris Whipple

		Hardcover
	



157



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.80  









A History of the World in 6 Glasses


Tom Standage

		Paperback
	



600



$17.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.83  



Next page












Featured Non-Fiction titles in History




Previous page






The Bettencourt Affair: The World's...


Tom Sancton

		Hardcover
	

$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.04  









Shoot Like a Girl: One Woman's...


Mary Jennings Hegar

		Hardcover
	



144



$26.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.77  









The Music Lesson: A Spiritual Search...


Victor Wooten

		Paperback
	



310



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.72  









But What If We're Wrong?: Thinking...


Chuck Klosterman

		Paperback
	



208



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.66  









Turn Right at Machu Picchu...


Mark Adams

		Paperback
	



548



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.20  









Best. State. Ever.: A Florida Man...


Dave Barry

		Hardcover
	



295



$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.36  









Almighty: Courage, Resistance, and...













	Dan Zak




	
		Paperback
	



24



$18.00  



Next page













Hot new releases




Previous page






Dunkirk













	Lieutenant Colonel Ewan Butler, Major J. S. Bradford




	
		Kindle Edition
	



11



$0.99  








The Storm Before the Storm: The...


Mike Duncan

		Hardcover
	

$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.85  









American Fire: Love, Arson, and Life...


Monica Hesse

		Kindle Edition
	



51



$26.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.99  








The Trump Prophecies: The Astonishing...













	Mark Taylor, Mary Colbert




	
		Paperback
	



87



$19.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.52  









Diana: Her True Story - in Her Own Words













	Andrew Morton, Michael Maloney...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



11



$22.67 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.95  








Killing England: The Brutal Struggle...













	Bill O'Reilly, Martin Dugard




	
		Hardcover
	

$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.98  









The Best Land Under Heaven: The...













	Michael Wallis, Audible Studios




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



35



$29.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $25.95  








Cracking the AP World History Exam...


Princeton Review

		Paperback
	

$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.99  









Condition Red: Destroyer Action in...













	Frederick J. Bell




	
		Kindle Edition
	



173



$0.99  








Cracking the AP U.S. History Exam...


Princeton Review

		Paperback
	

$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.15  









Churchill and Orwell: The Fight for...













	Thomas E. Ricks, James Lurie...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



82



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.95  








Policing Ferguson, Policing America...













	Thomas Jackson




	
		Hardcover
	



4



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.99  









TIME-LIFE World War II: Dunkirk: One...













	The Editors of TIME-LIFE




	
		Paperback
	

$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.15  









A Special Kind Of Evil: The Colonial...


Blaine Lee Pardoe, Victoria Hester

		Kindle Edition
	



24



$6.99  








Ants Among Elephants: An Untouchable...


Sujatha Gidla

		Hardcover
	



4



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.37  









Street Warrior: The True Story of the...













	Ralph Friedman, Patrick Picciarelli




	
		Hardcover
	



13



$26.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.40  








The Great Quake: How the Biggest...













	Henry Fountain




	
		Hardcover
	



13



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.04  









Bill O'Reilly's Legends and Lies: The...













	David Fisher, Robert Petkoff...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



65



$24.49 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.95  








Big Walls, Swift Waters: Epic Stories...













	Charles R. "Butch" Farabee




	
		Paperback
	

$22.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.54  









The Swamp: Washington's Murky Pool of...













	Eric Bolling, Macmillan Audio




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



178



$20.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  


Next page












Most gifted




Previous page






100 Deadly Skills: The SEAL...













	Clint Emerson




	
		Paperback
	



1,331



$19.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.54  









The Color of Law: A Forgotten History...


Richard Rothstein

		Hardcover
	



57



$27.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.72  









The Strange Death of Europe...


Douglas Murray

		Hardcover
	



107



$26.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.27  









Democracy in Chains: The Deep History...


Nancy MacLean

		Hardcover
	



250



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $16.78  









The Devil in the White City: Murder...


Erik Larson

		Paperback
	



5,318



$16.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.53  









The Righteous Mind: Why Good People...


Jonathan Haidt

		Paperback
	



1,094



$16.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.23  









Tribe: On Homecoming and Belonging


Sebastian Junger

		Hardcover
	



885



$22.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.78  









Mustang and the Pony Car Revolution


Michael W. R. Davis

		Paperback
	



9



$21.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.14  









The Art Of War


Sun Tzu

		Paperback
	



4,021



$4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.99  









In the Shadows of the American...


Alfred W. McCoy

		Paperback
	

$18.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.80  









The Unwomanly Face of War: An Oral...













	Svetlana Alexievich, Richard Pevear...




	
		Hardcover
	



11



$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.47  









Extreme Ownership: How U.S. Navy...


Leif Babin, Jocko Willink

		Kindle Edition
	



1,523



$26.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.99  








Sting-Ray Afternoons: A Memoir


Steve Rushin

		Hardcover
	



28



$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.68  









The Miracle of Dunkirk: The True...


Walter Lord

		Paperback
	



262



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $10.76  









White Trash: The 400-Year Untold...













	Nancy Isenberg




	
		Paperback
	



917



$17.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.59  









Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to...













	Sheryl Sandberg




	
		Hardcover
	



4,169



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.83  









Dark Money: The Hidden History of the...


Jane Mayer

		Paperback
	



1,624



$17.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.55  









Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of...


Jared Diamond

		Paperback
	



2,423



$18.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.00  









Bad Girls Throughout History: 100...


Ann Shen

		Hardcover
	



85



$19.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.56  









Legacy of Ashes: The History of the CIA


Tim Weiner

		Paperback
	



424



$18.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.74  



Next page












Featured history books

						See more
					




Previous page






Privacy: A Short History













	David Vincent




	
		Paperback
	



1



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $20.70  









War and Conflict in Africa













	Paul D. Williams




	
		Paperback
	



1



$26.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $22.41  









Our Wound is Not So Recent: Thinking...













	Alain Badiou




	
		Hardcover
	



5



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.28  









Israel/Palestine













	Alan Dowty




	
		Paperback
	

$24.95  









Moscow, 1937


Karl Schlögel

		Paperback
	



34



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.42  









Syria (Hot Spots in Global Politics)













	Samer N. Abboud




	
		Paperback
	



10



$19.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.95  









Crimes Unspoken: The Rape of German...













	Miriam Gebhardt, Nick Somers




	
		Hardcover
	



11



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.86  









Che, My Brother













	Juan Martin Guevara, Armelle Vincent




	
		Hardcover
	



4



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.08  








Iraq: People, History, Politics













	Gareth Stansfield




	
		Paperback
	



3



$24.95  









Leningrad 1941 - 42: Morality in a...













	Sergey Yarov, Arch Tait...




	
		Hardcover
	

$45.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $29.67  









Latinos in the United States...













	Rogelio S?enz, Maria Cristina Morales




	
		Paperback
	



2



$26.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.65  









Nationalism: Theory, Ideology, History


Anthony D. Smith

		Paperback
	



14



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $19.96  









The Night of Broken Glass: Eyewitness...













	Uta Gerhardt, Thomas Karlauf




	
		Hardcover
	



11



$14.93  









A Social History of the Media: From...













	Asa Briggs, Peter Burke




	
		Paperback
	



7



$28.08  









Munich 1919: Diary of a Revolution













	Victor Klemperer




	
		Hardcover
	



1



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $22.89  









19th Century Europe: A Cultural History


Hannu Salmi

		Paperback
	



5



$22.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $17.58  









Protest in Putin's Russia


Mischa Gabowitsch

		Paperback
	



5



$26.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $22.03  









Jerusalem: The Spatial Politics of a...













	Anne B. Shlay, Gillad Rosen




	
		Paperback
	



1



$22.95  









Hannah's Dress: Berlin 1904 - 2014













	Pascale Hugues, Nick Somers




	
		Hardcover
	



9



$25.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.90  








Ordinary Organisations: Why Normal...













	Stefan Kühl




	
		Paperback
	



6



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $21.26  



Next page












1-12 of 4,301,007 results for Books : History



Sort by 
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date
Most reviews




















Best Sellerin ElectionsDevil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald Trump, and the Storming of the PresidencyJul 18, 2017by Joshua GreenHardcover
$
16
20

$27.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$9.97(83 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
13
99

Auto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Audible Audio Edition
3.7 out of 5 stars
74Killers of the Flower Moon: The Osage Murders and the Birth of the FBIApr 18, 2017by David GrannHardcover
$
18
67

$28.95PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$10.00(89 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
14
99

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Paperback, Audible Audio Edition, Audio CD
4.7 out of 5 stars
856Sapiens: A Brief History of HumankindFeb 10, 2015by Yuval Noah HarariHardcover
$
19
96

$35.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$9.10(131 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
16
99

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Paperback, Audible Audio Edition, MP3 CD
4.6 out of 5 stars
3,412Trade in yours for an Amazon Gift Card up to $2.35Best Sellerin Iraq War HistoryExtreme Ownership: How U.S. Navy SEALs Lead and WinOct 20, 2015by Jocko Willink and Leif BabinHardcover
$
14
67

$26.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$7.00(128 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
12
99

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Audible Audio Edition, Audio CD
4.8 out of 5 stars
1,522The Operator: Firing the Shots that Killed Osama bin Laden and My Years as a SEAL Team WarriorApr 25, 2017by Robert O'NeillHardcover
$
16
80

$28.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersUsually ships in 2 to 4 weeksMore Buying Choices$12.10(29 used &amp new offers)Paperback$9.86(54 used &amp new offers)
4.8 out of 5 stars
233The Swamp: Washington's Murky Pool of Corruption and Cronyism and How Trump Can Drain ItJun 27, 2017by Eric BollingHardcover
$
16
17

$26.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$11.89(73 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
12
99

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Audible Audio Edition, Audio CD
4.4 out of 5 stars
178Best Sellerin Southeast Asia HistoryHue 1968: A Turning Point of the American War in VietnamJun 6, 2017by Mark BowdenHardcover
$
20
38

$30.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$10.05(68 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
15
99

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Audible Audio Edition
4.6 out of 5 stars
213Homo Deus: A Brief History of TomorrowFeb 21, 2017by Yuval Noah HarariHardcover
$
23
79

$35.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$16.77(82 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
14
09

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Paperback, Audible Audio Edition, Audio CD
4.4 out of 5 stars
514Best Sellerin Russian HistoryRed Notice: A True Story of High Finance, Murder, and One Man’s Fight for JusticeOct 20, 2015by Bill BrowderPaperback
$
8
90

$17.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersIn stock on August 4, 2017More Buying Choices$2.51(71 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
8
46

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Hardcover, MP3 CD
4.8 out of 5 stars
2,174Night (Night)Jan 16, 2006by Elie Wiesel and Marion WieselPaperback
$
7
49

$9.95PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$1.01(1263 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
7
12

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Hardcover, Audible Audio Edition, Mass Market Paperback, Audio CDSee newer edition of this book
4.7 out of 5 stars
4,786Best Sellerin CancerThe Immortal Life of Henrietta LacksMar 8, 2011by Rebecca SklootPaperback
$
10
71

$16.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$2.01(641 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
9
99

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Hardcover, Audible Audio Edition, Mass Market Paperback, Audio CD
4.6 out of 5 stars
5,569Best Sellerin Emigration & Immigration StudiesThe Strange Death of Europe: Immigration, Identity, IslamJun 20, 2017by Douglas MurrayHardcover
$
17
27

$26.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$14.86(72 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
8
63

Whispersync for Voice-readyOther Formats:Audible Audio Edition, MP3 CD
4.8 out of 5 stars
107

 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
100
 
Next Page
















Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.Amazon.com has the world's largest selection of history books. Browse for histories of the Revolutionary War, the American Civil War, or World War II, or go back in time to ancient Rome, feudal Japan, medieval Europe, and imperial China. From students to history buffs, Amazon.com has a history book for every interest.


 

Show results forNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonTime PeriodAncientMedievalRenaissance16th Century17th Century18th Century19th Century20th Century21st Century
                                BooksHistoryAfricaAmericasArctic & AntarcticaAsiaAustralia & OceaniaEuropeMiddle EastRussiaUnited StatesWorldAncient CivilizationsMilitaryHistorical Study & Educational ResourcesRefine byInternational ShippingShip to TaiwanHistorical Events & PeopleEconomic HistoryHistorical BiographiesMilitary HistoryPictorialsReligious HistoryRevolutionsSocial HistoryFormatPaperbackHardcoverKindle EditionLarge PrintAudible Audio EditionPrinted Access CodeLoose LeafAudio CDBoard BookKindle UnlimitedKindle Unlimited EligibleAuthorDavid GrannYuval Noah HarariJocko WillinkLeif BabinMark BowdenBill BrowderElie WieselSee moreBook SeriesNight TrilogyVintage InternationalFSG ClassicsThe Story of the World: History for the Classical ChildFrank McCourtCollege Test PreparationJoost Elffers BooksSee moreLanguageEnglishGermanFrenchSpanishItalianRussianLatinSee moreAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonAward WinnersCaldecott MedalNational Book AwardNewbery MedalThe Pulitzer PrizePackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingPromotionBargain BooksAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpConditionNewUsedCollectibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock






















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates


















Amazon.com: Books













 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks














































































Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop




Books Home


Shop by Category


More Ways to Shop






Shop by Category



More Ways to Shop










Arts & Photography







Biographies & Memoirs







Children's Books







Cookbooks, Food & Wine







History







Literature & Fiction







Mystery & Suspense







Romance







Sci-Fi & Fantasy







Teens & Young Adult









Amazon Charts







Customer Favorites







100 Books to Read







Award Winners







From Page to Screen







Start a New Series







Book Club Picks







Kindle eBooks







Textbooks







Audible










Books Home
























































































More from the Amazon Book Editors












Best Books of the Month




  
  Top 10





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Kids & Teens Books





  
  Mystery & Thriller




See all categories










Celebrity Picks




  
  John Grisham





  
  William Shatner





  
  Dennis Lehane





  
  Greg Iles




See all Celebrity Picks










Summer Reading




  
  Fiction





  
  Beach reads





  
  New in Paperback




See all










Best Books of 2017 So Far




  
  Top 20





  
  Children's Books





  
  Literature & Fiction





  
  Mysteries & Thrillers




See all










Books Bestsellers

						See more
					




Previous page






P.S. from Paris (US edition)


Marc Levy

		Kindle Edition
	



2



$4.99  








When They Come for You (Harper McDaniel)


James W. Hall

		Kindle Edition
	

$4.99  








All the Little Children


Jo Furniss

		Kindle Edition
	

$4.99  








The Heart Echoes













	Helena von Zweigbergk, Tiina Nunnally




	
		Kindle Edition
	

$4.99  








The Judgment of Richard Richter


Igor Štiks, Igor Stiks

		Kindle Edition
	

$4.99  








Song of Edmon


Adam Burch

		Kindle Edition
	

$4.99  








The Princess Bride: S. Morgenstern's...


William Goldman

		Kindle Edition
	



6,859



$8.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $8.99  








The Butterfly Effect with Jon Ronson













	Jon Ronson, Audible Originals




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



3



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $21.83  








Not Alone













	Craig A. Falconer, James Patrick Cronin...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



1,525



$34.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $29.95  








Waiting for Nick: A Best Selling...


Nora Roberts

		Kindle Edition
	



153



$1.99  








Little Boy Lost


J. D. Trafford

		Kindle Edition
	



721



$4.99  








Where is my mind?: Escape from your...













	Kenta Nagakura, Kiichiro Takemoto...




	
		Kindle Edition
	

$0.99  








A Beautiful Poison


Lydia Kang

		Kindle Edition
	



505



$4.99  








From Sand and Ash


Amy Harmon

		Kindle Edition
	



1,644



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Mermaid (Kindle Single)


Jodi Picoult

		Kindle Edition
	



90



$2.99  








The Letter: The #1 Bestseller that...













	Kathryn Hughes




	
		Kindle Edition
	



2,404



$13.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








The Late Show


Michael Connelly

		Kindle Edition
	



604



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Everything We Keep: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



10,727



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








Secondborn (Secondborn Series Book 1)


Amy A. Bartol

		Kindle Edition
	



861



$4.99  








Stillhouse Lake


Rachel Caine

		Kindle Edition
	



3,702



$15.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  


Next page












Books Hot New Releases

						See more
					




Previous page






The Sky Below: A True Story of...


Susy Flory, Scott Parazynski

		Kindle Edition
	



260



$24.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  








A Shade of Vampire 47: A Passage of...


Bella Forrest

		Kindle Edition
	



17



$3.99  








Beautiful Mistake













	Vi Keeland, Jessica Royer Ocken




	
		Kindle Edition
	



463



$3.99  








Enrage (Eagle Elite )


Rachel Van Dyken

		Kindle Edition
	



98



$0.99  








Everything We Left Behind: A Novel


Kerry Lonsdale

		Kindle Edition
	



361



$4.99  








Fractured Love: A Standalone...


Ella James

		Kindle Edition
	



248



$3.99  








I Can't Make This Up: Life Lessons













	Kevin Hart, Neil Strauss - contributor...




	
		Audible Audio Edition
	



340



$29.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $25.95  








Swink


Adriana Locke

		Kindle Edition
	



374



$3.99  








His Captive:  A Revenge Marriage Romance


Cassandra Dee

		Kindle Edition
	



184



$0.99  








Platinum (Date-A-Dragon Book 3)


Terry Bolryder

		Kindle Edition
	



105



$0.99  








Fused in Fire


K.F. Breene

		Kindle Edition
	



103



$3.99  








Son of the Cursed Bear


T. S. Joyce

		Kindle Edition
	



294



$0.99  








Mr Right Now: A Romantic Comedy...


Lila Monroe

		Kindle Edition
	



73



$0.99  








One Dirty Scot













	Donna  Alam, Kellie Dennis




	
		Kindle Edition
	



167



$0.99  








Two Weeks of Sin: A Billionaire...


Rye Hart

		Kindle Edition
	



173



$0.99  








Hardcore Twenty-Four


Janet Evanovich

		Kindle Edition
	

$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.99  








What Happened


Hillary Rodham Clinton

		Hardcover
	

$30.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $18.00  



Next page












Most Wished For in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






Before We Were Yours: A Novel


Lisa Wingate

		Kindle Edition
	



576



$26.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.99  








The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck...


Mark Manson

		Hardcover
	



1,687



$24.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  









Camino Island: A Novel


John Grisham

		Kindle Edition
	



2,426



$28.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  








Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family...













	J. D. Vance




	
		Kindle Edition
	



7,848



$27.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $15.99  








The Watson Girl: A Gripping Serial...


Leslie Wolfe

		Kindle Edition
	



546



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








Finding Your Colors: Fine Art Adult...


Hertz Nazaire

		Paperback
	



12



$9.99  









Beneath a Scarlet Sky: A Novel


Mark Sullivan

		Kindle Edition
	



6,393



$14.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $1.99  








Ready Player One: A Novel


Ernest Cline

		Paperback
	



12,698



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.60  









Harry Potter and the Prisoner of...













	J.K. Rowling, Jim Kay




	
		Hardcover
	

$39.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $23.99  









Astrophysics for People in a Hurry


Neil deGrasse Tyson

		Hardcover
	



959



$18.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.37  









A Gentleman in Moscow: A Novel


Amor Towles

		Kindle Edition
	



3,731



$27.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.99  








The Missing Ones: An absolutely...


Patricia Gibney

		Kindle Edition
	



1,514



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $0.99  








You Are a Badass: How to Stop...


Jen Sincero

		Paperback
	



2,601



$16.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $9.70  









Quantum Physics for Babies


Chris Ferrie

		Board book
	



162



$9.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.55  









She Persisted: 13 American Women Who...













	Chelsea Clinton, Alexandra Boiger




	
		Hardcover
	



291



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $12.01  









The Identicals: A Novel


Elin Hilderbrand

		Kindle Edition
	



455



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $14.99  


Next page












Most Gifted in Books

						See more
					




Previous page






Blindsided: The True Story of One...


James L. Ferraro

		Hardcover
	



18



$28.00 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $13.62  









First 100 Words


Roger Priddy

		Board book
	



6,954



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









Giraffes Can't Dance


Giles Andreae, Guy Parker-Rees

		Board book
	



3,077



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.33  










Goodnight Moon













	Margaret Wise Brown, Clement Hurd




	
		Board book
	



2,950



$8.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.32  










The Very Hungry Caterpillar


Eric Carle

		Board book
	



3,092



$10.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.86  









Dear Zoo: A Lift-the-Flap Book


Rod Campbell

		Board book
	



2,310



$6.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.15  









Puppy Birthday to You!













	Golden Books, Fabrizio Petrossi




	
		Hardcover
	



1,208



$4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.92  









Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?













	Bill Martin Jr., Eric Carle




	
		Board book
	



2,481



$7.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.85  










The Going-To-Bed Book


Sandra Boynton

		Board book
	



2,293



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.41  









The Wonderful Things You Will Be













	Emily Winfield Martin




	
		Hardcover
	



1,205



$17.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.13  









If Animals Kissed Good Night













	Ann Whitford Paul, David Walker




	
		Board book
	



888



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.06  










Dr. Seuss's Happy Birthday, Baby!













	Dr. Seuss, Jan Gerardi




	
		Hardcover
	



465



$11.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.15  









Chicka Chicka Boom Boom (Board Book)













	Bill Martin Jr., John Archambault...




	
		Board book
	



2,386



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $5.29  










Love You Forever


Robert Munsch, Sheila McGraw

		Paperback
	



5,976



$5.95 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.99  









Baby Touch and Feel: Animals


Dawn Sirett

		Board book
	



1,510



$5.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $4.26  










Little Blue Truck board book


Alice Schertle, Jill McElmurry

		Board book
	



3,245



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $7.05  










Dragons Love Tacos


Adam Rubin, Daniel Salmieri

		Hardcover
	



1,845



$16.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $11.69  









The Pout-Pout Fish


Deborah Diesen, Dan Hanna

		Board book
	



1,839



$7.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $6.06  









Camp Daze Mad Libs













	Roger Price, Leonard Stern




	
		Paperback
	



89



$4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.75  









Are You My Mother?













	P.D. Eastman




	
		Board book
	



1,337



$4.99 
			

			
			
    
    
    
        
        $3.67  



Next page





























































































































Popular in BooksAward WinnersBargain BooksBest Books of the MonthBest Books of 2017 So FarBooks in SpanishChildren's BooksDeals in BooksSummer ReadingMore in Books100 Books to Read in a LifetimeAmazon Book Review BlogAmazon Books on FacebookAmazon Books on TwitterAmazon KindleKindle eBooksKindle DealsKindle UnlimitedSpanish Kindle eBooksTextbooksTextbooks StoreTextbook RentalsSell Us Your BooksKindle eTextbooks 

Show results forNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonBooksArts & PhotographyBiographies & MemoirsBusiness & MoneyCalendarsChildren's BooksChristian Books & BiblesComics & Graphic NovelsComputers & TechnologyCookbooks, Food & WineCrafts, Hobbies & HomeEducation & TeachingEngineering & TransportationGay & LesbianHealth, Fitness & DietingHistoryHumor & EntertainmentLawLiterature & FictionMedical BooksMystery, Thriller & SuspenseParenting & RelationshipsPolitics & Social SciencesReferenceReligion & SpiritualityRomanceScience & MathScience Fiction & FantasySelf-HelpSports & OutdoorsTeen & Young AdultTest PreparationTravelRefine byInternational ShippingShip to TaiwanFormatPaperbackHardcoverKindle EditionLarge PrintAudible Audio EditionPrinted Access CodeDigital Access CodeLoose LeafAudio CDBoard BookKindle UnlimitedKindle Unlimited EligibleAuthorVi KeelandGinny DyeLydia KangJohn ConroeLaurann DohnerPatricia GibneyJulie Lawson TimmerSee moreBook SeriesThe Demon AccordsDetective Lottie ParkerSecondborn SeriesClassic NotebooksEverything We KeepHidden LegacyThe Extinction FilesSee moreLanguageEnglishGermanFrenchSpanishRussianChineseJapaneseSee moreAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonAward WinnersCaldecott MedalMan Booker PrizeNational Book AwardNewbery MedalThe Pulitzer PrizeHugo & Nebula AwardsEisner AwardPackaging OptionFrustration-Free PackagingPromotionBargain BooksAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpConditionUsedNewCollectibleAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock


Featured StoresFeatured StoresThe New York Times® Best SellersChina BooksLibros en EspañolStationery, Journals & Notebooks 




















        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.













There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates




















 

Home | Johnston Press plc


























































Skip to main content





Johnston Press plc






Search form

Search 





 






Share Price

JPR.L0.11
      GBP
    -2.22 %Delayed by at least 15 mins 





















  
 The i newspaper debuts sponsorship idents on Dave
Find out more





  
 Financial Results 2016
Find out more





  
 i celebrates sustained growth in its first year under Johnston Press
Find out more





  
 New Editorial Director Of The Scotsman Appointed 
Find out more





  
 Publishers call on advertisers to place their trust in local news brands 
Find out more










    The i newspaper debuts sponsorship idents on Dave  





    Financial Results 2016  





    i celebrates sustained growth in its first year under Johnston Press  





    New Editorial Director Of The Scotsman Appointed   





    Publishers call on advertisers to place their trust in local news brands  






 







  
The i newspaper debuts sponsorship idents on Dave
Find out more


Financial Results 2016
Find out more


i celebrates sustained growth in its first year under Johnston Press
Find out more


New Editorial Director Of The Scotsman Appointed 
Find out more


Publishers call on advertisers to place their trust in local news brands 
Find out more

 
 






Our Brands Include...






 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 


 



View All Brands
 
 








 





Our news brands - which include The Scotsman, The Yorkshire Post and i - touch the lives of more than 32m people nationally each month, online and in print. Through our continued focus to accelerate our digital offering, we’re able to deliver national and regional advertisers a highly successful platform to link them directly with local audiences.
Read more here.
 
 



          ANNUAL REPORT 2016        


More info
 

 











Latest Financial News




27 Jun 2017 - 11:45
Notice of Interim Results
   

22 May 2017 - 16:45
Results of 2017 Annual General Meeting
   

19 May 2017 - 07:00
AGM Trading Update
   

 





.







Where we operate

More info












