


Ad valorem tax - Wikipedia





















 






Ad valorem tax

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)




Taxation





An aspect of fiscal policy




Policies


Government revenue
Tax revenue
Non-tax revenue
Tax law
Tax bracket
Tax threshold
Exemption
Credit
Deduction
Tax shift
Tax cut
Tax holiday
Tax advantage
Tax incentive
Tax reform
Tax harmonization
Tax competition
Double taxation
Representation
Unions
Medical savings account
Tax, tariff and trade








Economics


Price effect
Excess burden
Tax incidence
Laffer curve
Optimal tax
Theory
Optimal capital income taxation








Collection


Revenue service
Revenue stamp
Tax assessment
Taxable income
Tax lien
Tax refund
Tax shield
Tax residence
Tax preparation
Tax investigation
Tax shelter
Private tax collection
Tax farming








Noncompliance


Tax avoidance
Tax evasion
Tax resistance
Tax haven
Smuggling
Black market
Transfer mispricing
Unreported employment
Tax shelter








Distribution


Tax rate
Progressive
Regressive
Proportional








Types


Direct
Indirect
Per unit
Ad valorem
In rem
Capital gains
Carbon
Consumption
Dividend
Ecotax
Excise
Fuel
Georgist
Gift
Gross receipts
Income
Inheritance (estate)
Land value
Payroll
Pigovian
Property
Sales
Sin
Single
Stamp
Steering
Turnover
Value-added (VAT)
Corporate profit
Excess profits
Windfall profits
Negative (income)
Flat
Wealth








International


Financial transaction tax
Currency transaction tax
Tobin tax
Spahn tax
Tax equalization
Tax treaty
Permanent establishment
Transfer pricing
European Union FTT








Trade


Custom
Duty
Tariff

Import
Export


Tariff war
Free trade
Free trade zone
Trade agreement








Religious


Church tax
Eight per thousand
Teind
Tithe
Fiscus Judaicus
Leibzoll
Temple tax
Tolerance tax
Jizya
Kharaj
Khums
Nisab
Zakat








By country


List of countries by tax rates
Tax revenues as %GDP


Albania
Algeria
Argentina
Australia
Azerbaijan
Bangladesh
Bhutan
Bulgaria
Canada
China
Colombia
Denmark
France
Germany
Greece
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Japan
Kazakhstan
Lithuania
Malta
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Pakistan
Palestine
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
Sweden
Switzerland
Tanzania
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay









v
t
e





An ad valorem tax (Latin for "according to value") is a tax whose amount is based on the value of a transaction or of property. It is typically imposed at the time of a transaction, as in the case of a sales tax or value-added tax (VAT). An ad valorem tax may also be imposed annually, as in the case of a real or personal property tax, or in connection with another significant event (e.g. inheritance tax, expatriation tax, or tariff).[1] In some countries a stamp duty is imposed as an ad valorem tax.



Contents


1 Sales tax
2 Value-added tax

2.1 History


3 Property tax
4 Application of a sales or property tax

4.1 United States


5 Application of a value-added tax

5.1 United Kingdom
5.2 Canada
5.3 Australia
5.4 New Zealand
5.5 Europe


6 Impact
7 See also
8 References
9 External links



Sales tax[edit]
Main article: Sales tax
A sales tax is a consumption tax charged at the point of purchase for certain goods and services. The tax is usually set as a percentage by the government charging the tax. There is usually a list of exemptions. The tax can be included in the price (tax-inclusive) or added at the point of sale (tax-exclusive).
Ideally, a sales tax is fair, has a high compliance rate, is difficult to avoid, is charged every time an item is sold retail, and is simple to calculate and simple to collect.[citation needed] A conventional or retail sales tax attempts to achieve this by charging the tax only on the final end user, unlike a gross receipts tax levied on the intermediate business which purchases materials for production or ordinary operating expenses prior to delivering a service or product to the marketplace. This prevents so-called tax "cascading" or "pyramiding," in which an item is taxed more than once as it makes its way from production to final retail sale. There are several types of sales taxes: seller or vendor taxes, consumer excise taxes, retail transaction taxes, or value-added taxes.[2]
Value-added tax[edit]
Main article: Value-added tax
A value-added tax (VAT), or goods and services tax (GST), is tax on exchanges. It is levied on the added value that results from each exchange. It differs from a sales tax because a sales tax is levied on the total value of the exchange. For this reason, a VAT is neutral with respect to the number of passages that there are between the producer and the final consumer. A VAT is an indirect tax, in that the tax is collected from someone other than the person who actually bears the cost of the tax (namely the seller rather than the consumer). To avoid double taxation on final consumption, exports (which by definition are consumed abroad) are usually not subject to VAT and VAT charged under such circumstances is usually refundable.
History[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Maurice Lauré, joint director of the French tax authority, the Direction générale des impôts, as taxe sur la valeur ajoutée (TVA in French), was first to introduce VAT with effect from 10 April 1954 for large businesses, and extended over time to all business sectors. In France, it is the most important source of state finance, accounting for approximately 45% of state revenues.
Property tax[edit]
Main article: Property tax
A property tax, millage tax is an ad valorem tax that an owner of real estate or other property pays on the value of the property being taxed. There are three species or types of property: Land, Improvements to Land (immovable man made things), and Personal (movable man made things). Real estate, real property or realty are all terms for the combination of land and improvements. The taxing authority requires and/or performs an appraisal of the monetary value of the property, and tax is assessed in proportion to that value. Forms of property tax used vary between countries and jurisdictions.
Application of a sales or property tax[edit]





This section does not cite any sources. Please help improve this section by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


United States[edit]
Ad valorem duties are important to those importing goods into the United States because the amount of duty owed is often based on the value of the imported commodity. Ad valorem taxes (mainly real property tax and sales taxes) are a major source of revenues for state and municipal governments, especially in jurisdictions that do not employ a personal income tax. Virtually all state and local sales taxes in the United States are ad valorem.
"Ad valorem" is used most frequently to refer to the value placed on property by the county tax assessors. An assessment is made against this value by applying an assessment rate (e.g. 100%, 60%, 40%, etc.). The net assessment is determined after subtracting any exemptions to which the property owner is entitled (e.g. homestead exemptions), and a tax or millage rate is applied to this net assessment to determine the ad valorem tax due from the property owner.
The two main basis for determining the ad valorem value are fair market value and current use value. The fair market value is based on the typical selling price for property on which the buyer and seller can agree, with the assumption that the property is being used or will be used at its highest and best use after the sale. The current use value is the typical selling price for property with an assumption that it will continue after the sale to be used in its current use rather than being converted to its highest and best use. State legislatures have created many variations to these two main valuation approaches.
In some states, a central appraisal authority establishes values on all properties and distributes these to the local county or jurisdiction taxing authority, which then sets a tax rate and imposes the local ad valorem tax. In other states, a central appraisal authority values certain properties that are difficult to value at the local level (e.g. railroads, electric companies and other utility companies) and sends these values to the local county or jurisdiction taxing authority, while the local tax assessors determine the value on all other property in the county or jurisdiction.
"Ad valorem" tax, most frequently referred to as property tax, relates to the tax that results when the net assessed value of a property is multiplied times the millage rate applicable to that property. This millage rate is usually expressed as a multiple of 1/1000 of a dollar. Thus the fractional amount of 0.001 will be expressed as 1 mill when expressed as an ad valorem tax millage rate.
The tax determined from multiplying the ad valorem assessment times the ad valorem tax rate is typically collected by the tax collector or tax commissioner.
Application of a value-added tax[edit]
United Kingdom[edit]
Main article: Value-added tax (United Kingdom)
The third largest source of government revenues is value-added tax (VAT), charged at the standard rate of 20% on supplies of goods and services. It is therefore a tax on consumer expenditure. Certain goods and services are exempt from VAT, and others are subject to VAT at a lower rate of 5% (the reduced rate) or 0% ("zero-rated").
Canada[edit]
Main article: Goods and Services Tax (Canada)
The Canadian Goods and Services Tax (GST) (French: Taxe sur les produits et services, TPS) is a multi-level value-added tax introduced in Canada on January 1, 1991, by Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and finance minister Michael Wilson. The GST replaced a hidden 13.5% Manufacturers' Sales Tax (MST) because it hurt the manufacturing sector's ability to export. The introduction of the GST was very controversial. As of January 1, 2012, the GST stood at 5%.
As of July 1, 2010, the federal GST and the regional Provincial Sales Tax (PST) were combined into a single value-added sales tax, called the Harmonized Sales Tax (HST). The HST is in effect in five of the ten Canadian provinces: British Columbia, Ontario, New Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, and Nova Scotia. Effective April 1, 2013, the Government of British Columbia eliminated the HST and reinstated PST and GST on taxable services provided in British Columbia. [3] VGGSA
Australia[edit]
Main article: Goods and Services Tax (Australia)
The Goods and Services Tax is a value-added tax of 10% on most goods and services sold in Australia.
It was introduced by the Howard Government on 1 July 2000, replacing the previous federal wholesale sales tax system and designed to phase out the various state and territory taxes such as banking taxes, stamp duty and land value tax. While this was the stated intent at the time, the States still charge duty on a various transactions, including but not limited to vehicle transfers and land transfers, insurance contracts and agreements for the sale of land. Many States, such as Western Australia, have made recent amendments to duties laws to phase out particular duties and clarify existing ones. The Duties Act 2008 (WA) is available online at the Western Australian State Law Publisher
New Zealand[edit]
Main article: Goods and Services Tax (New Zealand)
The Goods and Services Tax is a value-added tax of 15% on most goods and services sold in New Zealand.
It was introduced by the Fourth Labour Government on 1 October 1986 at a rate of 10%. This was increased to 12.5% on 1 July 1989 and 15% on 1 October 2010.
Europe[edit]
Main article: European Union value added tax
A common VAT system is compulsory for the member states of the European Union. The EU VAT system is imposed by a series of European Union directives, the most important of which is the Sixth VAT Directive (Directive 77/388/EC). Nevertheless, some member states have negotiated variable rates (Madeira in Portugal) or VAT exemption for regions or territories. The regions below fall out of the scope of EU VAT:[4]

Åland Islands (Finland)
Heligoland island, Büsingen territory (Germany)
Guadeloupe, Martinique, French Guiana, Réunion (France)
Mount Athos (Greece)
Ceuta, Melilla, The Canary Islands (Spain)
Livigno, Campione d'Italia, Lake Lugano (Italy)
Gibraltar, The Channel Islands (United Kingdom)

Under the EU system of VAT, where a person carrying on an economic activity supplies goods and services to another person, and the value of the supplies passes financial limits, the supplier is required to register with the local taxation authorities and charge its customers, and account to the local taxation authority for VAT (although the price may be inclusive of VAT, so VAT is included as part of the agreed price, or exclusive of VAT, so VAT is payable in addition to the agreed price).
VAT that is charged by a business and paid by its customers is known as output VAT (that is, VAT on its output supplies). VAT that is paid by a business to other businesses on the supplies that it receives is known as input VAT (that is, VAT on its input supplies). A business is generally able to recover input VAT to the extent that the input VAT is attributable to (that is, used to make) its taxable outputs. Input VAT is recovered by setting it against the output VAT for which the business is required to account to the government, or, if there is an excess, by claiming a repayment from the government.
Different rates of VAT apply in different EU member states. The minimum standard rate of VAT throughout the EU is 15%, although reduced rates of VAT, as low as 5%, are applied in various states on various sorts of supply (for example, domestic fuel and power in the UK). The maximum rate in the EU is 25%.
The Sixth VAT Directive requires certain goods and services to be exempt from VAT (for example, postal services, medical care, lending, insurance, betting), and certain other goods and services to be exempt from VAT but subject to the ability of an EU member state to opt to charge VAT on those supplies (such as land and certain financial services). Input VAT that is attributable to exempt supplies is not recoverable, although a business can increase its prices so the customer effectively bears the cost of the 'sticking' VAT (the effective rate will be lower than the headline rate and depend on the balance between previously taxed input and labour at the exempt stage).
Finally, some goods and services are "zero-rated". The zero-rate is a positive rate of tax calculated at 0%. Supplies subject to the zero-rate are still "taxable supplies", i.e. they have VAT charged on them. In the UK, examples include most food, books, drugs, and certain kinds of transport. The zero-rate is not featured in the EU Sixth Directive as it was intended that the minimum VAT rate throughout Europe would be 5%. However, zero-rating remains in some Member States, most notably the UK, as a legacy of pre-EU legislation. These Member States have been granted a derogation to continue existing zero-rating but cannot add new goods or services. The UK also exempts or lowers the rate on some products depending on situation; for example milk products are exempt from VAT, but if you go into a restaurant and drink a milk drink it is VAT-able. Some products such as feminine hygiene products and baby products (nappies etc.) are charged at 5% VAT along with domestic fuel.
When goods are imported into the EU from other states, VAT is generally charged at the border, at the same time as customs duty. "Acquisition" VAT is payable when goods are acquired in one EU member state from another EU member state (this is done not at the border but through an accounting mechanism). EU businesses are often required to charge themselves VAT under the reverse charge mechanism where services are received from another member state or from outside of the EU.
Businesses can be required to register for VAT in EU member states, other than the one in which they are based, if they supply goods via mail order to those states, over a certain threshold. Businesses that are established in one member state but which receive supplies in another member state may be able to reclaim VAT charged in the second state under the provisions of the Eighth VAT Directive (Directive 79/1072/EC). To do so, businesses have a value added tax identification number. A similar directive, the Thirteenth VAT Directive (Directive 86/560/EC), also allows businesses established outside the EU to recover VAT in certain circumstances.
Following changes introduced on July 1, 2003, (under Directive 2002/38/EC), non-EU businesses providing digital electronic commerce and entertainment products and services to EU countries are also required to register with the tax authorities in the relevant EU member state, and to collect VAT on their sales at the appropriate rate, according to the location of the purchaser. Alternatively, under a special scheme, non-EU businesses may register and account for VAT on only one EU member state. This produces distortions as the rate of VAT is that of the member state of registration, not where the customer is located, and an alternative approach is therefore under negotiation, whereby VAT is charged at the rate of the member state where the purchaser is located.
The differences between different rates of VAT was often originally justified by certain products being "luxuries" and thus bearing high rates of VAT, whereas other items were deemed to be "essentials" and thus bearing lower rates of VAT. However, often high rates persisted long after the argument was no longer valid. For instance, France taxed cars as a luxury product (33%) up into the 1980s, when most of the French households owned one or more cars. Similarly, in the UK, clothing for children is "zero rated" whereas clothing for adults is subject to VAT at the standard rate of 20%.
Impact[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (May 2008)


The theory of the firm shows that taxes on transfers can encourage firms to internalise costs and grow, whereas the absence of such transactions may result in a larger number of individually smaller firms. For example, a sales tax – unlike a VAT – would realign the incentives of a steel mill in favor of operating its own coal mine, as opposed to simply buying coal in a transaction subject to taxation; the theory of the firm's model suggests that this would be less economically efficient as it results in a decline in specialization.
See also[edit]

Georgism
Haig–Simons income
Land value tax

References[edit]



^ "America's Berlin Wall". Economist. 12 June 2008. Archived from the original on 3 October 2008. Retrieved 2008-09-16. 
^ "Types of Sales Taxes". Business Owner's Toolkit. Archived from the original on 23 November 2007. Retrieved 2007-10-10. 
^ http://news.nationalpost.com/2011/08/26/b-c-votes-to-scrap-hst/
^ VAT Comments (Malta)



External links[edit]

http://www.investopedia.com/terms/a/advaloremtax.asp




Authority control



NDL: 00575091










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ad_valorem_tax&oldid=792302170"					
Categories: Transfer taxHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2011All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2013Articles to be expanded from May 2008All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxes 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


CymraegDanskDeutschEspañolEsperanto한국어日本語PolskiPortuguêsРусскийSvenskaУкраїнська中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 18:59.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 














Valorem Pricing 
























Call Us:




720 365 1708



garettgordon





























Our Pricing




Fees and Equity Shares
























SEO OPTIMIZATION




Using proprietary methods we have been known to bring domains to the first page of Google extremely fast.  Valorem studies Google algorithms and updates to keep our clients competitive.  We are very smart!




CONTENT MANAGEMENT




Content management is extremely important in building your companies image and overall customer experience.  Valorem employs some of the best content management specialists.


















SOCIAL MEDIA OPTIMIZATION




In today's world every business must have a social media presence.  We implement them all.   Valorem's NEW optimizer software can be programmed to search the internet for related topics and post for you.




MARKETING COPYRIGHT




Marketing copyright is one of the most important aspects of building a successful sales system.  Our marketing copyright is extremely successful and proven to develop leads.


















Online Safety




Many online companies forget to implement the much needed security needed in today's market.  Especially if you plan to take credit cards or have client data stored.  Valorem's security suite is tailored towards prevention.




SALES STRATEGY




A successful sales strategy is just as important as producing leads.  We provide a sales strategy that has been proven successful with many of our clients.  Rest assured we will increase ROI with our sales strategies.











100% SATISFACTION GUARANTEE




You just found the best solution to make your business ROCK!











We are great at what we do!




Seriously...we have plenty of proof to back this up.  If you have an idea or existing business that needs to be taken to the next level contract Valorem today.  You'll be very impressed.




Each project is different.  With that said, Valorem has many pricing options available for both low budget and high budget projects.
 
 
Equity Shares:  Valorem currently owns 19 equity shares in multiple companies both online and off.  To discuss this option please contact us for a free consultation.
 
Full Project: Valorem prefers full projects.  It's generally more cost effective to start from scratch then to fix or redesign an existing project.  There's many variables to a full project contact us for pricing.
 
Partial Project: Valorem will entertain partial projects depending on the idea and marketability of the business or product.  Please contact us for pricing.
 
Hourly Consulting: Valorem takes consulting projects on a case by case basis.  Please contact us for more information and pricing.























Web Design




We don't just design a website, we design a website geared at generating leads, which ultimately increases your online ROI.  Our design process is extremely unique and has contributed largely to our success.




Development




We take ideas and concepts to market.  From the design phase to engineering to 3d rendering.  Rest assured we have all the tools necessary to take your idea from concept to a marketable asset.




Marketing




So much depends on creating a marketing system that works.  Too many website designers and marketers miss key concepts that could ultimately cost their clients thousands in lost revenue.  We not only create a successful marketing system but we guarantee our results.













TESTIMONIALS











"Garett with Valorem Consulting has to be the smartest consultant we have ever met.  He built us an empire that almost doubled last years sales.  We weren't ready to spend a lot on this but we are so glad we did.  What we paid Valorem was a drop in the bucket compared to additional profit we've generated since hiring Valorem."  -   Sam J. Ratebroker.org






"I was so impressed with Valorem and it's system that I spend most of my days trying to come up with another product for them to take to market.  With there help I took a product that was simply an idea to a fully functional product and business that has allowed me to retire much earlier than I thought.  They are a goldmine find!"  - Dave S. Solarflex Mat






"I would like to keep Valorem a secret.  If you're looking for a company that truly makes almost anything gold, Valorem is it.  The advantages of using Valorem are endless.  Trust me when I say  the money I made after their help was well worth the fee I paid.  My ROI from using them is 1000+, while I would like to keep them a secret I'll also be there best testimonial."  - Mark J.

























ABOUT OUR COMPANY


We have built our reputation and earned our clients trust by thoroughly understanding your needs, following through on our promises and delivering the solutions that drive your idea forward. For a true partner who can make a lasting impression, contact Valorem Consulting today.
 
Let Valorem impress you today!  As a one stop shop for website design, SEO, social media, tv-video production, infomercials, consumer and b2b mailings, telemarketing, sourcing, 3d imaging and many many more...



CONTACT VALOREM CONSULTING



CONTACT INFO




720 365 1708





8400 E Crescent Pkwy
Greenwood Village, CO 80111





garettgordon




ggordon@teamvalorem.com







Enter Name


Enter Email


Submitting Form...


The server encountered an error.


Form received.


CONTACT







Â© copyright 2014 |

Valorem Consulting Group

Privacy




















Business Consulting | Marketing | Inventions
























Call Us:




720 365 1708



garettgordon


































Business Consulting





Have a business idea?






Let Valorem take it to market







Request Consulting




Strait answers from the owner of
Valorem Consulting






Enter Name


Enter Email



Submitting Form...




The server encountered an error.




Form received.





Request Consultation




Enter Phone Number









Business Consulting




Marketing Company




Product Consulting





Search NO more!




So much depends on hiring the right business consultant for your next project. Let Valorem Consulting share your ambition and prove why we are the fastest growing private consulting firm nationwide.
 
We have built our reputation and earned our clients trust by thoroughly understanding your needs, following through on our promises and delivering the solutions that drive your idea forward. For a true partner who can make a lasting impression, contact Valorem Consulting today.
 




Contact Us



-OR-



Solutions









Engage your audience!





Improve your online presence!










Increase your leads!




Valorem's unique understanding of online and offline marketing can only be measured by one thing....leads.  Lead generation is the heart and soul of any business, whether you are just starting out or listed on the Dow you need leads.  Valorem's primary focus is generating the leads you need to succeed.







Stand out of the crowd!




Anyone can build a website...but do they take the time to understand what's required to drive and ultimately convert traffic to it?   Valorem understands anyone can build a website, but pairing the website and marketing system together must be done in harmony and by a professional like Valorem.










TV-Video Production




















































Latest Projects











Video/Infomericals




















































ABOUT OUR COMPANY


We have built our reputation and earned our clients trust by thoroughly understanding your needs, following through on our promises and delivering the solutions that drive your idea forward. For a true partner who can make a lasting impression, contact Valorem Consulting today.
 
Let Valorem impress you today!  As a one stop shop for website design, SEO, social media, tv-video production, infomercials, consumer and b2b mailings, telemarketing, sourcing, 3d imaging and many many more...



CONTACT VALOREM CONSULTING



CONTACT INFO




720 365 1708





8400 E Crescent Pkwy
Greenwood Village, CO 80111





garettgordon




ggordon@teamvalorem.com







Enter Name


Enter Email


Submitting Form...


The server encountered an error.


Form received.


CONTACT







Â© copyright 2014 |

Valorem Consulting Group

Privacy

















Valorem | Opérateur en énergies vertes






















































Group
Core Activities
Energy





Group



Core Activities



Energy


















VALOREM,
The green energy operator
 



VALOREM is a vertically-integrated green energy operator, offering a range of renewable energy solutions while guiding and supporting local authorities and its partners at every stage of a project: surveys, development, financing, construction, operational oversight and maintenance.

 



Today, VALOREM has a strong presence internationally, operating in South America and the Caribbean, Northern and Eastern Europe, as well as in North Africa. As such, we can leverage the expertise of local affiliates in financing and developing renewable energy projects, while contributing towards achieving global CO2 emissions targets.	

800 MWof wind power capacity installed200 MWcof PV capacity installed400 MWin operation550 MWbuilt150 MWowned by VALOREM 





VALOREM in a major transaction of EUR 74 Million

Press Release, Bordeaux, 07/19/2016   VALOREM, a pioneering company in renewable energies in France, has signed an agreement with its newest investors for a total amount of EUR 74 Million on Wednesday 13 July.   The VALOREM Group (EUR 40 Million sales revenue in 2015 including all its subsidiaries), is proud to present its newest […]
Read more




VALOREM has won the “CRE 3” tender with four of their PV projects

Bordeaux, 23th December 2016 VALOREM has won the “CRE 3” tender issued by the French Ministry of the Environment with four of their photovoltaic projects which amount to 47,2 MWc. All of them are located in the South-West part of France, near VALOREM head office, and three of them are located in the Medoc Territory. Just […]
Read more






				View all news			




References


 




View all references



 

















VALOREM S.A. by  on PreziCreateExploreLearn & supportGet startedLog inPricingGet startedLog inMy PrezisExploreLearn & supportProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactAppsEnglishEspañol한국어日本語DeutschPortuguêsFrançaisMagyarItaliano×Houston, we have a problem!Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
                Loading presentation...
            
        You’re using the new, improved player. You can always go back to the old viewer.
    Switch back
            
                
                    Public
                
            
            
                & reusable
            
        
            Create your own
        
                    Make a copy
                
    Share

        Embed
    
                Liked
            
                Like
            Present Remotely Send the link below via email or IMCopy Present to your audienceStart remote presentationInvited audience members will follow you as you navigate and presentPeople invited to a presentation do not need a Prezi accountThis link expires 10 minutes after you close the presentationA maximum of 30 users can follow your presentationLearn more about this feature in our knowledge base article
    Do you really want to delete this prezi?

    Neither you, nor the coeditors you shared it with will be able to recover it again.
DeleteCancelMake your likes visible on Facebook?
        Connect your Facebook account to Prezi and let your likes appear on your timeline.
        You can change this under Settings & Account at any time.
    No, thanksConnect with FacebookVALOREM S.A.
                            
                                No description
                            
                        
        
            by 
        
        on 7 March 2014
    TweetComments (0)
                                    Please log in to add your comment.
                                Report abuseTranscript of VALOREM S.A.VALOREM S.A.Analisis del Gobierno CorporativoValórem es una Sociedad Anónima inscrita en la Bolsa de Valores de Colombia, con la visión de crear valor sostenible para todos sus grupos de interés. En la actualidad maneja un portafolio de inversiones que incluye a Caracol Televisión, Cine Colombia, Inversiones Cromos, Comunican, Biofilm, Gases del Caribe, Koba, Playa Blanca Barú, Suppla, Ditransa, Canal Clima,DataiFX,Linio Colombia, Refocosta, Sugranel y Naviagro. Full transcriptMore presentations by
    
        VALOREM S.A.Untitled PreziUntitled Prezi
            More prezis by author
        Popular presentationsSee more popular or the latest prezisProductCompanyCareersSupportCommunityContactApps
                                English
                            
                                español
                            
                                한국어
                            
                                日本語
                            
                                Deutsch
                            
                                Português
                            
                                français
                            
                                Magyar
                            
                                italiano
                            
        © 2017 Prezi Inc. 
        TermsConnect your Facebook account to Prezi and publish your likes in the future. OkNo, thanks














































Valorem / 
    Job Post





























Valorem

  











                Application Product Manager, Dynamics CRM
                
                    Seattle, WA
                

Submit Resume











0Shares
Twitter
Facebook
Linkedin
Mail







GENERAL DESCRIPTION & RESPONSIBILITIES 
 




The Dynamics CRM Application Product Manager is responsible for leading our Microsoft vendor-focused Dynamics CRM work-stream, engaging daily with our Microsoft stakeholders towards ongoing product initiatives:

Working directly with Microsoft product marketing teams to learn and understand business goals, help clarify, define and promote ideation roadmaps; and drive effective solutions for our CRM projects.  This role will help the client and valorem adhere to good processes and will help make improvements to delivery processes.
In support of Valorem's Microsoft Programs Account Manager, and the Dynamics Business solutions Practice Director, this role will produce and manage content, data and design tasks to help shape, guide and control the development of outstanding functional and presentation content. 
Research functional and competitive attributes and business use cases for existing and emerging product updates and business-focused solution templates; act as a conduit through which the latest information, trends and practices are distributed to the delivery team.
Take ownership of the overall product suite; act as a product manager and functional leader.  Use our delivery process to specify work, define requirements, features, and content.  Drive outcomes to approved priorities.  This senior contributor role is at the front of our value chain for this product, helping the Valorem Microsoft product engineering/delivery teams deliver world class presentation-ready products to the Microsoft channel.  Assure on-time progress, as well as quality of content and function, through the promotion of a clear understanding of functional and editorial needs in overall product design and delivery.
Possess and continuously maintain an understanding of overall product features, functions, use cases, marketplace adoption, and help drive representative data, and other content within the application and as part of the overall product delivery effort, including editorial content.
"Be able at times to work alongside practice and sales managers to present Valorem’s Dynamics offerings, working with customers in both pre-sales as well as billable projects when necessary to accelerate opportunities for Dynamics CRM, Office 365 Productivity/Collaboration, and BI offerings
Able to identify engagement opportunities during all customer interactions, and collaborating with our sales teams to ensure growth attainment.

Part of the role will be consultative, working alongside practice and sales managers to present Valorem’s Dynamics offerings, working with customers in both pre-sales as well as billable projects when necessary to accelerate opportunities for Dynamics CRM, Office 365 Productivity/Collaboration, and BI offerings.




 




PLACEMENT CRITERA & REQUIREMENTS





In addition, the Technical Product Manager will;
Required

More than 5 years of relevant overall business experience
3-5 years of experience as a senior CRM solutions consultant in delivery or presales
Experience with and strong understanding of the Microsoft Dynamics 365 Solution stack
Experience with and understanding of the Microsoft Office 365, Skype for Business, SharePoint, Yammer, Groups, OneNote, Teams and other applications
2-4 years Marketing, Sales, Customer Service consulting or industry experience
Agency or marketing experience and understanding of content marketing principles
Team leadership and success working with both marketing and technical resources

Prefer

Project management skills
Understanding and experience using several components of the Office 365 product stack
Experience with competitive CRM products and understanding of CRM marketplace generally
Account management and service delivery to large accounts in agency or consulting settings
Project management experience






Product or program management experience in software or cloud services marketplace
VALOREM EXPECTATIONS
These are the traits that we hold in the same regard for all employees, also viewed as performance indicators.  Each employee should uphold these attributes as a part of their employment with Valorem.
Communication and Interpersonal Skills

All employees are expected to exhibit exemplary customer service skills, to all people, regardless of level inside or outside of the company 
Written and verbal communication skills should be professional, concise and effective

Collaboration and Teamwork

Build alliances to solve problems and achieve objectives by sharing knowledge and information
Work cooperatively and respectively with co-workers
Strong collaboration skills, works well with ambiguity, works well across roles and groups
Openly and actively participates in the direction of our Company
Exercise confidentiality concerning the affairs of the business

Personal Ownership and Responsibility 

“Own” your work – take initiative, be proactive, anticipate and complete projects in a comprehensive manner while still remembering the details
Be here to enhance and promote Valorem  
Exhibit a willingness to learn, willingness to problem solve and willingness to step in to help others 
Creativity, capacity and a conviction to innovate and deliver best-in-class solutions

Customer Focus

Always put the clients’ needs first, thinking proactively from their vantage point, not your own
Follow through with all client expectations and accountabilities Time Management and Productivity
Meet your timelines and goals 
When you say you are going to do something, it is your responsibility to perform within the timeframe

PHYSICAL DEMANDS 
While performing the duties of this position the employee is regularly required to sit and talk and hear. The employee is frequently required to use hands to finger, handle or feel and reach with hands and arms.  The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk and drive or ride in a motor vehicle.  The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 lbs.  Must have the ability to travel, sometimes with short notice.
Submit resume via email to CAREERS@VALOREM.COM
Submit Your Resume For This Job


































	
	Ad Valorem Products


































































































Home | 
								About Us | 
								Types of tax | 
								Legal Counsel | 
								Contact Us | 
								Tax Rates | 
								Contact Centre 0800 00 7277 




 















   

 
 
								 
							











Individuals



Businesses and Employers



Tax Practitioners



Customs and Excise








Do I need to pay tax?





How do I register for tax?





How do I send SARS my return?





How do I pay?





What if I do not agree?





Tax during all life stages and events





I need help with my tax





Manage your Tax Compliance Status













Small Businesses and tax





Embassies





Large Business





My Business and Tax





Tax Exempt Organisations





Trusts





Venture Capital Companies





Government





Third Party Data Submission Platform





How do I query my debt?





Business Rescue/s155 Compromise













Make an appointment





Register as a TP





Confirm TP registration





Controlling Bodies





Merging eFiling profiles





Shared access





Service offerings per channel





Top publications and forms for TP





eFiling App and Mobisite













About Customs





Air Passenger Tax





Diamond Export Levy





Excise





Legislative Framework





Processing





Prohibited & Restricted goods 





Tariff





Rates of Exchange





Trade Statistics





Travellers





Report a Customs Crime





New Customs Legislation update





International Oil Pollution Levy





Rules of Origin





Valuation





Accreditation for Preferred Trader











SARS Home > Client Segments > Customs and Excise > Excise > Ad Valorem Products






























Alcohol and Tobacco ProductsFuel Petroleum ProductsAd Valorem ProductsCurrently selectedEnvironmental Levy ProductsExcise modernisationInternational Oil Pollution LevyExcise duty payment and submission dates for 2017 and 2018












Page ContentAd Valorem Products
WHAT IS IT?
Ad Valorem Products include, amongst others, Motor Vehicles, Electronic Equipment, Cosmetics, Perfumeries and other products generally regarded as “luxury items” and are subjected to the payment of Ad Valorem Excise Duty if used within the Southern African Customs Union (SACU). 
WHO IS IT FOR?
Ad Valorem Excise Duty on Ad Valorem products is payable by manufacturers of these products. 
WHAT STEPS MUST I TAKE?
Relevant entities in the RSA must license with SARS Excise before they start to manufacture or otherwise deal in Ad Valorem Products on which the applicable Ad Valorem Excise Duty has not yet been paid.
WHEN AND HOW SHOULD IT BE PAID?
The applicable Ad Valorem Excise Duty on Ad Valorem Products is self-assessed by licensed manufacturers per quarterly Excise return and paid to SARS.
 
Click here to see the Current Rates.


















Top PublicationsDA 75Ad Valorem Excise DutyVehicles for Persons with Physical Disablilities





See More 















Top FormsDA 185 4B8 - Special Ad Valorem Manufacturing Warehouse - External (Form)DA 75 30 - Ad Valorem - External (Form)DA 75 24 - Ad Valorem - External (Form)DA 75 22 - Ad Valorem - External (Form)DA 75 20 - Ad Valorem - External (Form)





See More 










	Last Updated: 
	08/01/2016 11:32 AM    
	 ​
	






















 Top FAQs How is Ad Valorem or Schedule 1 part 2B value determined/calculated?The value for the purposes of determining the Ad Valorem Customs duty on such imported goods, equils, rounded off in terms of Section 73 of the Act: read more On what products is Ad Valorem excise duty levied?On certain selected locally manufactured goods. These goods are described in Part 2B of Schedule 1 of the Customs and Excise Act, which is amended from time to time.read more What is the relationship between Ad Valorem and VAT?VAT will not form part of the nett invoice price for the purpose of calculating the Ad Valorem duty due. In terms of Section 7(3) of the VAT Act, Act no. 89 of 1991, read more When and how is Ad Valorem excise duty payable?Rule 36A.04 applies. Every manufacturer of excisable goods of Section B of part 2 of Schedule No. 1 and every owner of such excisable goods, manufactured for him partly or wholly from materials owned by such owner, read more





See More 






















											Careers   
											
											Media   
											
											Procurement   
											Glossary  
											T&C's  
											Site Map  
											
											Tax Can Be Fun   
											


											National Treasury   
											
											Davis Tax Committee   
											
											Office of the Tax Ombud

											© 
											   All rights reserved 
											                                                                                                          
											 


















































USITC DataWeb: USITC Tariff Database


































          &nbsp
          











					  
					        
					  USITC Home
					   > DataWeb > USITC Tariff Database
					  










 






Contact US



  DataWeb Assistance       







Tariff and Trade DataWeb



  Trade DataWeb Login       
                    DataWeb FAQ               
 DataWeb How To            







Classification Systems



                 Tariff Search Tool             
                             Classification Systems         
                 Commodity Translation Wizard   
  Description Lookup             







Trade Data Reports



                               Graphs of Trends 
            Sub-Saharan Africa 
          Trade by Geographic Regions 
  Trade by Partner Country 
            AVE Duties 1891-2016 







Tariff Database



                    HTS Online Reference Tool
                                                Tariff Database 
                                        Tariff Programs 
Tariff DataBase Tables 1997-2017
                                Future Tariffs Lookup
                                     World Tariff Sources







Other External Links



Customs Rulings (CROSS)          
Order Data from Census            
Schedule B for Exports 
International Trade Data System           














:: 2017 U.S. Tariff and Trade Data for a specific product




Tariff data current through January 1, 2017.  This site includes planned staged tariff reductions (where applicable) and 3-year (plus year-to-date) import data!  
	

  
   Enter either the first part of an HTS category number up to 8 digits--e.g., "8501" or "850110"--,  
   or any part of a product description--e.g., "bovine", or "articho"--(without the "quotes"!) The search is not case-sensitive, so the results for "Bovine" will be the same as for "BoVinE"  
   




User note:
While the USITC publishes the HTS, the U.S. Customs Service interprets it. Contact the Customs offices with questions about how potential importations should be classified.
 In the brief item descriptions, the abbreviation "NESOI" means not otherwise specified or included.  
	










500 E Street, SW, Washington, DC 20436 : Phone 202.205.2000 : TDD 202.205.1810









Tariffs & Non Tariff Barries | Tariff | Ad Valorem Tax















 





ExploreUploadSign inJoinclose user settings menuOptionsJoinSign InUpload




Tariffs & Non Tariff BarriesUploaded by Shivam ThaliaRelated InterestsTariffAd Valorem TaxTaxesExportsU.S. Customs And Border ProtectionRating and Stats0.0 (0)Document ActionsDownloadShare or Embed DocumentEmbedDescription: Contains Details on Types of Tariff & Non Tariff BarriersView MoreContains Details on Types of Tariff & Non Tariff BarriersCopyright: Attribution Non-Commercial (BY-NC)List price: $0.00Download as DOCX, PDF, TXT or read online from ScribdFlag for inappropriate content
Recommended DocumentsDocuments Similar To Tariffs & Non Tariff Barries30180 62397 Excise Basics Classification Valuation Cenvatby SureshArigelaTax Cases -Bellaby Golden LightphTariffs and Non-Tariff Barrier2by Neeraj GuptaDocuments About TariffTrade Barriers Faced by Developing Countries’ Exporters of Tropical and Diversification Productsby International Centre for Trade and Sustainable DevelopmentWTO Reform: The Time to Start Is Nowby Carnegie Endowment for International PeaceThe Canada-USA price gapby The Globe and MailMore From Shivam ThaliaMain Functionsby Shivam ThaliaCorporate Social Responsibilityby Shivam ThaliaCG-Report-2011by Shivam Thalia
Screen Reader Compatibility InformationDue to the method this document is displayed on the page, screen readers may not read the content correctly. For a better experience, please download the original document and view it in the native application on your computer.


 



















You're Reading a Free Preview

                    Page  2  is not shown in this preview.  
              



Buy the Full Version



















Sign up to vote on this titleUsefulNot usefulClose DialogAre you sure?This action might not be possible to undo. Are you sure you want to continue?CANCELOKClose DialogGet the full title to continueGet the full title to continue reading from where you left off, or restart the preview.Restart preview






