


Western Products of Indiana | Home














About
Contact Us





















BOX or ROUND You’re on the righttrack with Western!

					QUALITY, SERVICE & PRICING! 
				

					Whether you use box track or round track, you'll find the strength, shape, size, and operational smoothness you desire in door tracks, hangers, trolleys, brackets, sliding door accessories, bottom guide systems, and frames from Western.
				
Download our product guide





Hangers & Trolleys





Accessories





Sliding Doors







 


Home | Temperature Control | West CS 


Google+
































Press and media












English (US)  
English (UK) 
French 
German 











Home

Dedicated Homepages

I am a Product User 
I am an Equipment Manufacturer 
I am a Distributor 





Products

Controllers

Single Loop Controllers 
Multi-loop Controllers 
Programmers 
Limit Controllers 
Thyristors 
Obsolete 


Ancillary Products

Chart Recorders 
Digital Thermostats 
Process Indicators 
Solid State Relays (SSRs) 
Transmitters 


NEW!

MAXVU Temperature Controller 
ET2011 Digital Thermostat 
Pro-EC44 Dual Loop Controller 
Pro-16 PID Temperature Controller 
DataVU 7 Paperless Recorder 





Services

Select a service

Customer Services 
Technical Support 
RMA Information  
Distribution Partners 





FAQs

Order Info

How to Buy? 
Minimum Order Value? 
Lead Time? 
Delivery Information? 


About Us

Company Overview 
Associations and Affiliations 
About Danaher 
Quality Management Processes 
Integrity and Compliance 


Process Control

About Defrost Thermostats 
About PID Controllers 
Temperature Control Blog
Temperature Control Glossary 





Resources

Documentation

3D CAD 
Brochures 
Manuals 
Datasheets 
Software 
Certificates 


Resource Library

Application Stories 
Whitepapers 
Videos 
Presentations 


Software

Software for CAL Products 
Software for PMA Products 
Software for West Products 
Software for Obsolete Products 





News

Keep in Touch

Sign up for the eNewsletter 
Get Social  





Contact

Contact Details

Office Locations 
Distribution Partners 
Contact Customer Service  
Contact the Sales team 
Request Technical Support 
Contact Human Resources 


Request Information

Request a Call Back 
Request a Quotation 
Request a Demonstration 
Make an Enquiry 
Press Enquiries 





My Account










I am a: 



Product User 
Equipment Manufacturer 
Distributor 











Welcome Product Users

Visit the Product Users' homepage
Use the dedicated product users’ homepage for quick links to relevant information located throughout the website.
Find out more


Distributor locator
Use the distributor search to identify and contact your local supplier of West Control Solutions products
Distributor Locator


Need technical support
Need help with your set up and configuration for a specific application?
Request technical support










Welcome Equipment Manufacturers

Visit the dedicated homepage
Use the Equipment Manufacturers’ homepage for quick links to relevant information.
Find out more


Look up product specification
Search for a specific product to locate related information including product configurator
Find a product


Interested? Next steps...
Request detailed product information and get a tailored quotation
Make an Inquiry








Are you a West Control Solutions Distributor?

Visit the homepage for Distributors
Use the dedicated distributor homepage for quick links and access to sales and marketing resources.
Find out more













NEW MAXVU rail
Compact DIN rail controller/transmitter/limit devices









Resources
View the resource library for CAL, Partlow, PMA and West products to find supporting materials including:

Datasheets
Brochures
Manuals
Certificates
Software
Videos












NEW MAXVU rail Video
Learn more about MAXVU rail devices for your application










How to Buy
Want to buy a West Control Solutions product? View the ordering options available for your region.
Find out more











Product Catalog
Download the product catalogue










Blog
Become an expert in temperature control, read our blog to learn about:

Different types of control
Control functionality
Industry developments 














Products

Single Loop Controllers
Multi-loop Controllers
Limit Controllers
Process Indicators
Recorders
Transmitters



Company

Company Overview
Associations and affiliations
Brochures
Jobs



Stay in Touch

Sign up for newsletter


Bookmark this page


Get Social







West Control Solutions
1675 Delany Road Gurnee
IL 60031
USA
Company information

T +1 800 866 6659
F +1 847 782 5223
E NA@West-CS.com






                  Copyright © 2015 West Control Solutions
                


Contact UsSite MapTerms and ConditionsPrivacy Policy






	
			Legal Technology, Products and Services  | Legal Solutions






































This JavaScript enables OnlineOpinion, a method for collecting secure feedback data.











HP








Discover Thomson Reuters



USA - English


Australia    English

Canada    English

Canada    Français

Middle East    English

New Zealand    English

UK & Ireland    English

thomsonreuters.com

View all sites



Product Logins


site login


Contact Us







Cart 0







Financial &  Risk

Innovation

Legal

Reuters News Agency

Tax & Accounting




Skip to content
Skip to navigation menu









Your browser is not supported by this site.
Please update to the latest version, or use a different browser for the best experience.
Learn more 























Legal Solutions | USA












Free Standard Shipping on books!


Advanced Search




Law Books


Solutions


Support


Insights & Trends 



















Law products and services that deliver the legal technology, content and expertise you need to find trusted answers.




Featured





Discover the perfect plan for your practice.
Westlaw legal research
Discover the perfect plan for your practice.
Learn about Westlaw






eDiscovery Point. Introducing a revolutionary new web-based ediscovery software solution. Learn how we can help »
eDiscovery Point 
Introducing a revolutionary new web-based ediscovery software solution.
Learn about eDiscovery Point







Interactive solutions finder. Find the products and services that solve the challenges specific to your practice or organization. Â»
Interactive solutions finder
Find the products and services that solve the challenges specific to your practice or organization.
Find your solutions






Solutions by practice Small firm Large & Midsize firm Corporate Government











Customer Service


Contact Us



My Account



OnePass



Billing, Returns & Refunds



Book Pricing Options



Product Support


Support By Product



Reference Attorneys



Product Downloads



Law Librarian Resources



Small Firm Resources



Browse By Category


Small Law Firms



Large & Midsize Law Firms



Corporate Counsel



Government



Law Schools



 



Practice Area



Jurisdiction



Connect With Us

About Us


Email Exclusives & Newsletters


Headnote of the Day


West Key Authors


Legal Notices



































Careers

|

Site Map

|

Terms of Use

|

Privacy Statement


© 2017 Thomson Reuters








West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.  

























					We use cookies to deliver the best possible experience on our website. To learn more, visit our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site, or closing this box, you consent to our use of cookies.
				
X



























By your side for a healthier world™




























Products 









Vial Containment Solutions





Prefillable Systems






Self-Injection Platforms





Cartridge Systems and Components


 


Reconstitution & Transfer Systems





Intradermal Delivery






Specialty Components





Quality Enhancements


 









Services 







Contract Manufacturing

Markets We Serve
Our Capabilities
Our Processes
Contract Manufacturing



Analytical Services

Extractables and Leachables Analysis
Packaging and Performance Testing
Particle Analysis
Container Closure Integrity
Analytical Services



West Announces Expanded Contract Manufacturing Capabilities in Ireland
 Read More









Challenges 







Reducing Time to Market
Reducing Total Cost of Ownership
Packaging Solutions for Sensitive Molecules
Single Source Solution



Reducing Total Cost of Ownership
 
												Solving the Challenge of High pH Injectable Drug Products
											
Learn More



Packaging Solutions for Sensitive Molecules
 
Solving the Challenge of Single-Use Large-Volume Delivery for Patient Self-Injection

Learn More









Support







Regulatory Support

												West Regulatory Affairs provides a single point of contact to assist with global registration strategies for all West products and processes.
											
Letter of Authorization Form
Regulatory Support



Knowledge Center

Whitepapers, bulletins, videos and seminars from the deep expertise of our teams of scientists, regulatory, and researchers.

Sterilization and Cleaning
Material Properties
Industry Trends/Regulatory
Visit the Knowledge Center



Get a Product Recommendation
Quality Support 
Regulatory Support
Knowledge Center
Contact Us












About West
Careers

Investors

 Global Locations
Contact Us
News & Events
 
















Knowledge.
Insight.
Innovation.


Providing innovative solutions and industry guidance to our  customers in order to bring therapies to patients efficiently, reliably and safely. 
See how west can help















the knowledge center







Expertise Behind the Solutions
The Knowledge Center

provides an in-depth look at the science behind many of the industry’s top concerns regarding containment and delivery of injectable medicines. 







Visit the Knowledge CenterBiologics Containment Delivery
Fill-Finish Manufacturing Technology
Particles
Extractables and Leachables
Functionality and Performance
Container Closure Integrity
Surface Properties & Enhancement
Sterilization and Cleaning
Material Properties















DRUG DEVELOPMENT SOLUTIONS

Where are you in the drug development cycle?





PRE-CLINICAL
 
PRE-CLINICAL
Providing packaging guidance to researchers in preclinical development

 

PRE-CLINICAL
 
PRE-CLINICAL
Providing packaging guidance to researchers in preclinical development

 




PHASE I
 
PHASE I
Ensuring the drug container does not pose a risk to the patient 

 

PHASE I
 
PHASE I
Ensuring the drug container does not pose a risk to the patient 

 




PHASE II
 
PHASE II
Assessing the appropriate method of delivery for a specific drug and patient population

 

PHASE II
 
PHASE II
Assessing the appropriate method of delivery for a specific drug and patient population

 




PHASE III
 
PHASE III
Considering tools that improve the patient's therapeutic experience 

 

PHASE III
 
PHASE III
Considering tools that improve the patient's therapeutic experience 

 




LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT
 
LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT
Streamlining operations to meet marketplace demand

 

LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT
 
LIFECYCLE MANAGEMENT
Streamlining operations to meet marketplace demand

 




GENERIC ENTRY
 
GENERIC ENTRY
Providing generics manufacturers with speed and agility

 

GENERIC ENTRY
 
GENERIC ENTRY
Providing generics manufacturers with speed and agility

 














Blog

July 31, 2017
Growth in GLP-1 Drugs May Offer Improved Outcomes to People with Type II Diabetes 

	The rise in type 2 diabetes has sparked a variety of treatment options, including glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists. GLP-1s are a class of injected drugs (additional oral options are currently in development) that &ldquo;mimic the action of GLP-1 and increase the incretin effect in patients with type 2 diabetes, stimulating the release of insulin.&rdquo;<sup>1</sup> Commonly used when oral treatment alone is not enough, the benefits of GLP-1s include a reduction of glucagon and glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c), weight loss and a low risk of hypoglycemia.<sup>2</sup>







Aileen Kinsella
Director, Segment Marketing, Pharma






0 Comments





Diabetes
 
GLP-1 drugs
 






View Post




July 26, 2017

Proper Storage for Temperature-Sensitive Drug Products



July 24, 2017

Corporate Responsibility Report – Part 3: Celebrating Diversity 



July 20, 2017

2017 H.O. West Scholarship Winners



July 18, 2017

USP Particle Workshop – Addressing Issues and Improving Clarity














Featured Event






Pharmapack Symposium: Primary Packaging and Drug Delivery Trends for Injectables





September 19, 2017



8 a.m. - 5 p.m.



Budapest, Hungary




Visit West's booth at the Pharmapack Symposium: Primary Packaging and Drug Delivery Trends for Injectables on September 19 in Budapest, Hungary to learn more about West solutions. Christa Jansen-Otten will present "Developing a Strategy with Components Designed for Better Patient Outcomes."


Event Details










			About West
			





			West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. is a leading manufacturer of packaging components and delivery systems for injectable drugs and healthcare products. Click here to learn more.


About West












West in the Community










								West Global Food Drive 30 locations participating.
							







								West Global Food Drive 5 day food drive.
							







								Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (LLS) Chester County Light the Night.
							







								Leukemia & Lymphoma Society (LLS) Philadelphia Light the Night Walk.
							







								Camp Victory Wheel Chair accessible Tree House.
							







								Philadelphia Dragon Boat team supports Fox Chase Cancer Center.
							







								St. Pete location received the All Star MVP Angel Tree Award.
							







								Girls Exploring Tomorrow’s Technology GETT event.
							







								A West team member socializing a future service dog.<br>
							






1/23



































































our culture of giving





			Careers 
			





			West is interested in developing individuals who share our vision to create a healthier world by helping our healthcare partners save lives, eradicate disease and manage wellness. Visit our Careers section to learn more about becoming part of the West team.

careers
































		Boat Parts, Sailing, Kayaks, Paddleboards and Marine Electronics | West Marine
























Sign In





Email

Password

Forgot Password?


Remember me

Sign In
Create An Account




Stores
Help 

Order Tracking







		Cart 0






FREE Shipping on $49+ OrdersFREE Shipping to Stores






Search







NEW PRODUCTS
ADVICE & HOW-TO
SALE

WEST MARINE OUTLET









Email Us


Shipping Information

International Shopping
Returns & Exchanges

Customer Service




Skip to content
Skip to navigation menu



































Sign In:

Email



Password


Sign In



                  Remember me




Create a new account

Forgot Password?





 
















 

 











 

 

 

Product Selectors Engine Parts SelectorAnchor SelectorProp SelectorVHF SelectorKayak SelectorSUP SelectorBoat Cover & Bimini Fit Selector

































Cortec Corporation | Products






















  



 Join our FREE Email Mailing List   


  

 
For Email Marketing you can trust 










Search:

















Home


What's New


Products


Publications


Presentations


Case Histories


Cortec vs. Competition


International


Videos


About Cortec


Ask Cortec


Contact Us


Related Links


ISO Certification


Limited Warranty


Careers































CORTEC PRODUCT INFORMATION









                  Product Life Cycle - Corrosion Chart



                  VpCI® Total Corrosion Control


                  Solutions for Corrosion Control 




 


Click 
              on the links below to access product descriptions and other information 
              regarding various VpCI® (Vapor Phase Corrosion Inhibitor)/MCI® 
              (Migrating Corrosion Inhibitor) 
              product lines.



 




 


Corrosion Engineering and Field Services


 


BioCortec - Sustainable Environmentally Friendly Resources



 
VpCI® for Military Preservation Worldwide 

 


ECO FLOW™ SYSTEM Reduce Cost & Increase Production



 
Corrosion Inhibiting Additives for Coatings, Fluids, Adhesives and Plastic
 
VpCI® Metalworking Products


 
MCI® 
                    Concrete Protection Products
 
VpCI® for Basic Metals Industries 


 
VpCI® Eco & MRO Products - Repair and Maintenance
 
VpCI® 
                    Packaging Products


 
VpCI® Products for Electronics and Electrics
 
VpCI® 
                    Powder Products


 
VpCI® Enhanced Lubricant Products 
 
VpCI® 
                    Surface Preparation Products



 
GalvaCorr™ - New Concept in Cathodic Protection 
 
VpCI® 
                    Water Treatment Products


 
VpCI® 
                    High Performance Coatings
 
VpCI® 
                    for Oil, Gas and Process Industries


 

VpCI® 
                    Technology for Automotive Industry 
 
VpCI® 
                    Technology for Marine and Shipbuilding Industries

 

VpCI® 
                    Technology for  Off-Road Equipment and Mining Industries
 
VpCI® Technology for Desalination Industry 

 

VpCI® Technology for Food, Beverage, and Pharmaceutical Industries
 
VpCI® Technology  for Transportation and Municipalities 
 
VpCI® Technology  for Aircraft, Aviation, and Aerospace Industries



Select product: 


42NRSC Natural Clay Coated One-Side
50NRSC Natural Clay Coated One-Side
63BRSC Bleached Clay Coated One-Side
63NRSC Natural Clay Coated One-Side
Anti-Skid Liner Board
Bio-Pad®, Patent Pending
BioClean 612
BioCorr® ATF Rust Preventative
BioCorr® Rust Preventative
BioCorr®FT Rust Preventative
BioEmitter 
BioPouch
Boiler Lizard®
Closed Loop Toad®
Cooling Loop Gator®, Patented
Cooling Tower Frog® Patented
Cor-Pak EX® Film
Cor-Pak® 1-MUL
Cor-Pak® Dunnage Bags Powered by Nano-VpCI®
Cor-Pak® Fabric LD
Cor-Pak® Linerboard
Cor-Pak® Pipe Strip
Cor-Pak® Tablets
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Anti-Stat Stretch Film 
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Bubbles
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Caps
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Cocooning Stretch Film
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Corrugated PE Sheeting
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Masking Film
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Polycoated Paper
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Reinforced Paper
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Skin Film
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Stretch Film
Cor-Pak® VpCI® Stretch Film Machine Grade
CorNetting™
Corr Seal™ VpCI® Film
CorrBarrier
CorrBlock™
CorrCap VpCI® Protective Cover
CorrLam® LD
CorrLube VpCI® Lithium EP Grease
CorrLube® Food Grade Penetrant
CorrLube® Hydraulic Fluid
CorrLube® Industrial Gear oil
CorroLogic CUI Treatment System (Corrosion under Insulation)
Corrologic VpCI®-639 and VpCI®-639HFB Systems for Hydro Testing and Pigging of Pipelines
CorroLogic™ VpCI&reg-637 TOL
CorroLogic™ VpCI® Filler, Patented
Corrosorber®
Corrosorber® Liquid
Corrosorber® Paper powered by Nano-VpCI®
CorrTainer®
CorrTube®
CorrVerter® Rust Primer
CorShield® Gold
CorShield® VpCI® 368 Extreme Outdoor Corrosion Inhibitor
CorShield® VpCI® 369 Wet Film Corrosion Inhibitor and Lubricant
CorShield® VpCI® Packaging Fabric
CorShield® VpCI® Transit Coating
CorShield® VpCI®-146 Reinforced Paper powered by Nano VpCI®
CorShield®VpCI®-146 Creped Paper
CorShield™ VpCI-386 HP powered by Nano-VpCI
Cortec® HC: 2030, 2050, 2060, 2075, 2090
Corwipe®, Patented
Desicorr Pouches NW
Desicorr® Pouches
Desicorr® VpCI® Pouches
Desicorr® VpCI® Pouches NW
Eco Tire Duragloss
Eco Works® 70
Eco Works® 70 Shrink Film
Eco WrapÂ® Biodegradable & Compostable Tensioning Film
Eco-Corr Film® ESD
Eco-Corr® Biodegradable VpCI® Film, Patented
EcoAir® 337 Bio-Based Interior Fogging Corrosion Inhibitor
EcoAir® 377 Corrosion Preventative
EcoAir® 414 Cleaner/Degreaser
EcoAir® 422 Non-Toxic Rust Remover
EcoAir® 423
EcoAir® BioCorr® Rust Preventative
EcoAir® Mold Release powered by Nano VpCI®
EcoAir® Wizard Screen Cleaner
EcoClean Dispersant 600 Biodegradable Dispersant for the Petroleum Spills
EcoClean Silver and Gold Cleaner
EcoClean® 423 Rust Remover
EcoClean® 433 Graffiti Remover
EcoClean® 434
EcoClean® Biodegradable Scale and Rust Remover Powered by Nano-VpCI®
EcoCorr™ Water Based Rust Preventative Powered by Nano-VpCI®
EcoDevice®, Patent Pending
EcoEmitter®
EcoFilm®
EcoFlow® System
EcoFog® VpCI®-309 Nano
EcoFog® VpCI®-337 Biodegradable Fluid
EcoLine ® 3220
EcoLine ® 3690 - Open Air Corrosion Inhibitor
EcoLine ® Bio-Based All Purpose Lubricant
EcoLine ® Bio-Based Bearing, Chain and Roller Lube
EcoLine ® Bio-Based Cleaner/Degreaser
EcoLine ® Bio-Based Cutting Fluid
EcoLine ® Bio-Based Heavy Duty Grease
EcoLine ® Bio-Based Long Term Rust Preventative
EcoLine Â® Bio-Based Food Machinery Lubricating Grease
EcoLine® 3680
EcoLine® CLP
EcoLine® Metalworking Fluid
EcoOcean®
EcoPouch
EcoPrimer™
EcoShield® 386 Water Based Coating
EcoShield® Barrier Coating for Paper and Corrugated
EcoShield® Fabric
EcoShield® Heat Sealable Paper
EcoShield® Paper and Linerboard, Patented
EcoShield® VpCI® Linerboard
Ecoshield® VpCI®-144 
EcoShield® VpCI®-226
EcoSol® Water soluble packaging solution
EcoSonic® ESD Paper powered by Nano-VpCI&reg
EcoSpray® 238 Electronic Cleaner
EcoSpray® 325 Industrial Lubricant
EcoSpray® 389 Rust Blocker
EcoSpray® 416 Cleaner & Degreaser
EcoWeave® Film
EcoWorks® AD
EcoWorks® Biodegradable & Compostable Films & Bags
EcoWorks® Resin, Biodegradable Resin for Film
ElectriCorr® VpCI®-238 Multi-Metal Cleaner/Protector
ElectriCorr® VpCI®-239 Extreme Environment/Outdoor Cleaner
ElectriCorr® VpCI®-248 Non-Flammable Cleaner/Protectant
ElectriCorr® VpCI®-286 Acrylic Conformal Coating
FlashCorr® VpCI®
G-29 Corrosion Inhibitor for Copper and Brass Alloys
G-6 Corrosion Inhibitor
GalvaCorr® Patented
Hygiea 8500C-Cortec
M-109
M-110
M-118
M-119
M-119 LV
M-121
M-138
M-141
M-150
M-168
M-226 MF
M-235
M-236
M-238
M-240
M-241
M-250 Additive to Soluble Oil
M-251 Additive to Synthetic Cutting Fluids
M-320
M-369
M-370
M-370 A
M-370 C
M-380
M-381
M-408 Additive to Brake Fluid
M-415
M-435
M-5120
M-528
M-529, Patented
M-530
M-531
M-531 T
M-532
M-533 FG
M-5365
M-605 / M-605 L / M-605 PS
M-615
M-640 Additive
M-640 Liquid Additive
M-640 Powder
M-645
M-95
MCI® Architectural Coating
MCI® Coating for Rebar
MCI® Coating for Rebars NT
MCI® Construction Film
MCI® CorShield
MCI® CorteCure™
MCI® Creteskin®
MCI® Fiber Grenades
MCI® Fibers
MCI® Grenades, Patented
MCI® Metric Grenades
MCI® Mini Grenades
MCI® Peel-off Coating
MCI® POWR 40
MCI® Super Remover
MCI® Wall Defense
MCI® Window Protector
MCI®-2000 Migrating Corrosion Inhibiting Admixture for Concrete, Patented.
MCI®-2001
MCI®-2005 AL, Patented
MCI®-2005 Gel
MCI®-2005 NS
MCI®-2005 Patented
MCI®-2006 NS
MCI®-2006 Patented
MCI®-2007 SuperCorr (Liquid), Patented
MCI®-2007 SuperCorr (Powder), Patented
MCI®-2008 ViaCorr (Liquid)
MCI®-2008 ViaCorr (Powder)
MCI®-2012 IntegRepel
MCI®-2018 AG Sealer
MCI®-2018 Sealer, Patented - Corrosion Inhibitor Treatment
MCI®-2018 V/O Sealer
MCI®-2019 FD Sealer
MCI®-2019 MCI® Sealer, Patented.
MCI®-2019 W
MCI®-2020
MCI®-2020 Gel
MCI®-2020 M
MCI®-2020 M SC
MCI®-2020 M V/O
MCI®-2020 Powder
MCI®-2020 V/O
MCI®-2020 V/O Powder
MCI®-2021 Concrete Sealer, Patented
MCI®-2022 Sealer, Patented
MCI®-2022 UV
MCI®-2022 V/O Sealer
MCI®-2023 Migrating Inhibiting Passivating Grout
MCI®-2025 Primer HS
MCI®-2026 Floor Coating
MCI®-2026 Primer HS
MCI®-2027 Polyurea Coating
MCI®-2039 High Performance Repair Mortar System
MCI®-2050 Release Agent
MCI®-2060 Concrete Cleaner/Degreaser
MCI®-2061
MCI®-2120 Concentrate
MCI®-2241 Watertight Coat
MCI®-2242 Watertight Coat
MCI®-2246
MCI®-2311, Repair Mortar
MCI®-2701
MCI®-2702
MCI®-309 Corrosion Inhibiting MCI Powder for Ferrous Metals, Patented
MilCorr® FR VpCI® Shrink Film
MilCorr® VpCI® Shrink Film
Nuclear Grade-69 MF Liquid
PTC Emitters
Re-Grip MIL
S-10 Corrosion Inhibitor
S-10 F Boiler Additive
S-10 FA
S-11 Additive
S-11 Org
S-111
S-14 Antiscalant
S-14 Bio
S-14 Bio Powder
S-14 RO
S-15
S-16 Defoamer
S-49 Fuel Additive
S-5 Wetting Agent
S-69 Water Treatment Additive
S-7 Oxygen Scavenger
S-8, Corrosion Inhibitor for Food Can Protection
Safe-T-Charge
VCI/VpCI® Vapor Detection Test Kit™, Patent Pending
VmCI-307® Powder
VpCI® Coolant Antifreeze
VpCI® Pipe Caps
VpCI® Super Penetrant
VpCI® Teflon Lube
VpCI®-101 Device
VpCI®-105 Emitter, Patented
VpCI®-111 Emitter, Patented
VpCI®-1238 Liquid Additive for Vapor Degreasing, Cleaning, and Stripping Baths
VpCI®-125 Clean Room Film
VpCI®-125 Shrink Static Dissipative Film and Bags
VpCI®-125 Static Dissipative Film
VpCI®-126 Blue
VpCI®-126 EM UV Shrink Film
VpCI®-126 ES Film
VpCI®-126 HP UV Shrink Film
VpCI®-126 Shrink
VpCI®-126 TRF
VpCI®-126-FR
VpCI®-130 Series
VpCI®-131
VpCI®-132
VpCI®-133
VpCI®-136
VpCI®-137
VpCI®-143 Paper Emitters, Patented
VpCI®-144 Corrosion Inhibiting Paper, Patented
VpCI®-145, Patented
VpCI®-146, Patented
VpCI®-148 Paper
VpCI®-149
VpCI®-150 Adhesive Backed Foam Tape
VpCI®-170 Adhesive Backed Foam Tape
VpCI®-2026 Top Coat
VpCI®-238
VpCI®-239
VpCI®-277
VpCI®-280
VpCI®-308 Pouch
VpCI®-308 Powder
VpCI®-309 Pouch - Corrosion Inhibiting VpCI® Pouch for Ferrous Metals
VpCI®-309 Powders
VpCI®-316 Liquid Concentrate Primarily for Copper and Brass
VpCI®-322 Oil Concentrate
VpCI®-323 Oil-Based Concentrate
VpCI®-325 Liquid for Indoor Protection
VpCI®-326 Oil Additive
VpCI®-327 Solvent-Based Inhibitor
VpCI®-329 Oil-Based Concentrates
VpCI®-329 RFU
VpCI®-337 Waterborne Corrosion Inhibitor
VpCI®-338 Food Grade Corrosion Inhibitor
VpCI®-340
VpCI®-344 Waterborne Lubricant
VpCI®-345 Water-Based Lubricant
VpCI®-347 Corrosion Inhibitor/Heavy Duty Lubricant
VpCI®-350
VpCI®-350 AHS
VpCI®-351
VpCI®-352
VpCI®-357
VpCI®-368
VpCI®-369
VpCI®-371
VpCI®-372
VpCI®-373
VpCI®-374
VpCI®-375
VpCI®-377 Water-based Concentrate
VpCI®-378
VpCI®-379
VpCI®-380 Railcar Coating
VpCI®-381
VpCI®-382
VpCI®-383
VpCI®-384
VpCI®-384 Aluminum
VpCI®-386
VpCI®-386 Aluminum
VpCI®-386 HT Black
VpCI®-386-386 Winterized
VpCI®-387
VpCI®-388
VpCI®-389
VpCI®-390
VpCI®-391 Non-tacky temporary Coating
VpCI®-392
VpCI®-395 Epoxy Primer
VpCI®-396
VpCI®-398 Vehicle Undercoat
VpCI®-405
VpCI®-406
VpCI®-408 Mild Alkaline Cleaner
VpCI®-411 Cleaner/Degreaser Liquid
VpCI®-414 Cleaner
VpCI®-415 Heavy-Duty Biodegradable Water-Based Alkaline Cleaner and Degreaser
VpCI®-416 Cleaner/Corrosion Inhibitor Concentrates
VpCI®-417 Cleaner and Degreaser Powder
VpCI®-418 Heavy-Duty Alkaline Cleaner/Degreaser
VpCI®-419 Cleaner and Degreaser Concentrate
VpCI®-422 Organic Rust Removers
VpCI®-423 Gel Organic Rust Removers
VpCI®-425 Neutral Rust Remover Powder
VpCI®-426 Gel Rust/Scale Remover
VpCI®-426 Powder Rust/Scale Remover and Aluminum Brightener
VpCI®-426 Rust/Scale Remover and Aluminum Brightener
VpCI®-427 Aluminum Cleaner
VpCI®-428
VpCI®-429
VpCI®-432/433 Paint Remover
VpCI®-440
VpCI®-608 Powder, Patented
VpCI®-609 Powder for Ferrous Metals, Patented
VpCI®-611 Water-Based Concentrate Inhibitor
VpCI®-615 Boiler Water Treatment
VpCI®-617 Boiler Water Treatment
VpCI®-619 Undercoating for Insulated Surfaces
VpCI®-625
VpCI®-629 BIO
VpCI®-629 Inhibitor for Petroleum Producing and Refining
VpCI®-629 SC
VpCI®-637 Inhibitor for Gas Flow and Transmission Lines
VpCI®-639
VpCI®-641 Liquid Additive
VpCI®-643
VpCI®-644 Additive
VpCI®-645 Marine Use Corrosion Inhibitor
VpCI®-646 VpCI® based Cooling Tower formulation
VpCI®-647 VpCI® based Cooling Tower formulation
VpCI®-649 Liquid: Multimetal Closed Loop Treatment
VpCI®-649 Powder
VpCI®-658
VpCI®-705 Bio
VpCI®-705 Fuel Additive
VpCI®-706
VpCI®-812 Wax/Paste
VpCI®-819







Sample Request Form 
Case Histories















Some of the files within these areas require that you have the Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer. To Download and Install the FREE Adobe Acrobat Reader click on the "Get Acrobat Reader" button here on the left hand side of the screen.



 




 


    



 


 




Blog | West Corporation






































































Menu 





 







Blog


West CorporationBlog 










Blog














Posted on July 21, 2017 by West Corporation 
					
 







Visual Voice: Bridging the Customer Service Gap between IVR and Agent



By David Orwick, Product Development Manager
When it comes to memory, the human brain can be limited, and that has big implications for the customer service industry.
 Read More >









Posted on July 11, 2017 by West Corporation 
					
 







Empower your Security Team When an Emergency Strikes



Your security team can play a vital role during an emergency situation; however, they need to be aware that there is an emergency in the enterprise, the nature of the situation, and its precise location. With West’s Desk Alert solution, you’ll empower your security team with tools that help them to be of assistance in ways that were previously impossible.
 Read More >









Posted on July 6, 2017 by West Corporation 
					
 







Overcoming Common GIS Challenges in a Next Generation 9-1-1 System



By Dave Peck, GIS Director
Earlier this month I attended the NENA 2017 conference in San Antonio, Texas. As always, it was a great event to see old friends in the industry and meet new people doing extraordinary work in public safety.
Throughout my many conversations, four challenges emerged as the most common areas where PSAPs seem to struggle with GIS and its role in Next Generation 9-1-1 (NG9-1-1) systems.
The common GIS challenges I heard at NENA 2017:
 Read More >









Posted on June 15, 2017 by West Corporation 
					
 







Behind the Scenes at West’s Emergency Call Relay Center (ECRC)



By: Tricia McConnell, Sr. Marketing Communications Manager
On a Friday afternoon in the Emergency Call Relay Center (ECRC) at West, call volume is steady but manageable. A vehicle collides with a bus, which triggers a 9-1-1 call from the car’s telematics system. A registered nurse from a 24-hour hotline reports a caller complaining of chest pains and nausea. The ECRC call takers identify the location and nature of these emergencies then conduct warm transfers by contacting the appropriate public safety answering point (PSAP) and confirming that the dispatcher and caller can communicate before dropping off.
The mood in the room back in October 2012 was significantly more intense. Then, as Hurricane Sandy surged up the east coast, PSAPs in impacted areas struggled to manage the overwhelming 9-1-1 call volume. The ECRC staff and other West employees worked extended shifts and through scheduled days off to help PSAPs respond to incoming 9-1-1 calls.
 Read More >









Posted on June 13, 2017 by West Corporation 
					
 







Using your IoT Investment to Improve Your Enterprise’s Emergency Responses



The Internet of Things, or IoT, is one of today’s hot topics in tech. IoT will change how enterprises are built and operate internally. While the concept of having different types of devices interconnect and communicate wirelessly seem futuristic, many enterprises are already incorporating IoT sensor devices into their buildings’ infrastructures. As enterprises deepen their investment in IoT, though, many aren’t aware that they can also leverage it for 9-1-1 to improve emergency situation outcomes.
 Read More >









Posted on June 12, 2017 by West Corporation 
					
 







Congratulations to New York City on the Passage of Kari’s Law



West commends the New York City Council for the recent passage of the new law, “Requiring direct telephone access to 911 service.” The passage of this law ensures that New Yorkers using multi-line telephone systems (MLTS) in certain businesses and City agencies have easy, direct access to 9-1-1 service in an emergency.
The law is modeled on Kari’s Law, so-named in honor of Kari Hunt whose tragic passing in 2013 alerted the nation to the dangers of requiring a dialing prefix to access 9-1-1. Simply, this new NYC law will allow users of these MLTS to dial 9-1-1 without requiring any prefix, post-fix or trunk access code. In addition to the direct dialing provision, the law also requires that on-site notifications be issued when 9-1-1 is dialed and that calls must be directly delivered to the appropriate Public Safety Answering Point (PSAP).
 Read More >









Posted on June 8, 2017 by West Corporation 
					
 







West’s Emergency Gateway Now Offering Additional 9-1-1 Management Automation for ShoreTel Connect Onsite



West is pleased to announce that its Emergency Gateway (EGW) has achieved ShoreTel TechConnect certification with the latest release of ShoreTel Connect Onsite.
EGW is an on-site appliance that streamlines and optimizes 9-1-1 management, allowing enterprises to maintain accurate and up-to-date data for 9-1-1 purposes, with minimal manual intervention. Previously integrated with ShoreTel ShoreGear, this new certification includes expanded 9-1-1 management functionality for ShoreTel Connect.  Read More >









Posted on June 1, 2017 by West Corporation 
					
 







Optimizing Performance with Champion Challenger Testing



Unrelenting customer evolution demands unrelenting customer experience (CX) optimization. In traveling along this line of thinking, inspirations to integrate the latest and greatest technologies often emerge before decision-makers take more obvious and immediately beneficial considerations into account. Sometimes, it’s the thoughtful, yet subtle investments that garner the highest returns. And solid consultative partnerships can help ensure these “ah-ha” moments don’t slip through the cracks.
For example, West recently identified two opportunities to increase self-service within a client’s interactive voice response (IVR) system. By making a few tweaks to this leading financial services company’s call flow, West set them up to save an estimated $5.4 million in the next year.
Read this case study to explore how conducting two strategic Champion Challenger tests has positioned West’s longtime partner to save big while providing a more rewarding CX — all while avoiding the need to sacrifice an abundance of organizational resources.









Posted on  by West Corporation 
					
 







Using GIS Data to Improve Alarm Monitoring Center Operations



By: Mary Jo Lakhal, Sr. Program Manager
As I mentioned in a previous post, to optimize alarm monitoring center performance, you need AHJ contact data that is highly accurate and available in real time. Of these two attributes, I believe data accuracy is the more difficult to achieve.
I know from experience that even with a dedicated, full-time staff, creating and maintaining an agency contact database is challenging. Frequently, the consolidation of jurisdictions or adjustments to jurisdictional boundaries result in hours of work tracking which subscribers must be assigned to a new agency.
 Read More >









Posted on  by West Corporation 
					
 







Five Steps to get the most out of GIS in your NG9-1-1 system



By: Peter White, GISP
One critical component of the transition to Next Generation 9-1-1 (NG9-1-1) systems is a shift from the use of tabular Master Street Address Guide (MSAG) and ALI data to a reliance on Geographic Information Systems (GIS) data for location identification, validation, and call delivery. For agencies that are ready to progress to a GIS-based NG9-1-1 system, the process can seem daunting. Fortunately, West has gained significant experience in helping agencies create and deploy GIS data through our methodical, no-nonsense approach. This process has proven to reduce complexity and the risks associated with this substantial shift in 9-1-1 systems.
 Read More >


1234567...38»



































Blog Categories
►Business

General  
Investors  
Leadership  
Webinars  
 
 
►Industries

Cable & Satellite  
Consumer Services  
Education  
Financial Services  
Government  
Healthcare  
Industrial Goods / Manufacturing  
Insurance  
Retail  
Technology  
Telecom & Wireless  
Transportation & Logistics  
Travel & Hospitality  
Utilities  
 
 
►Interactive Services

Cloud Contact Center  
Connected Customer Experience  
IVR & Self-Service  
Proactive Notifications & Mobility  
Professional Services  
 
 
►Safety Services

Accuracy Compliance Testing  
Alarm & Security  
Avaya  
Carrier Services  
Cell Broadcasting Services  
Cell Tower Monitoring  
Cisco  
CLEC  
E9-1-1 Legislation  
E9-1-1 Services  
E9-1-1 Solution  
E9-1-1 Unified Communications  
EGDMS  
EGW  
Emergency Aware Services  
Emergency Response Link  
Enterprise  
Enterprise Solution  
Geographic Information Systems (GIS)  
GIS Data Services  
IOT/M2M  
Location Performance Management  
MapFlex 9-1-1  
MapSAG  
Microsoft  
OTT29-1-1  
Power Station  
Public Safety  
TXT29-1-1  
TXT29-1-1 (Wireless)  
VoIP  
Wireless  
 
 
Unified Communications Services  













Follow West:
 
 
 
 
 











©2004 - 2017 West Corporation. All Rights Reserved. 
          Legal & Privacy | 
          Diversity | 
          Tariffs | 
          Blog & Corporate News | 
          Investor News | 
          Contact






 
West Corporation





   
 




utility-side-menu
 





















East West Manufacturing | A Global Manufacturing Company
















































































East West ManufacturingA Global Manufacturing CompanyA Global Contract Manufacturing Company








 





 

We have a new look! 

Read More 







A global manufacturer of
components, sub-assemblies, and
finished goods for OEMs and
distributors 

Learn More About Our Manufacturing Services 


 







Engineered Products
Learn more »


Electronics
Learn more »


Motors
Learn More »


Medical
Learn More»



About East West Manufacturing
East West Manufacturing is a global manufacturer of components, sub-assemblies, and finished goods for OEMs and distributors — managing projects from design to delivery.
Click the video to the left to learn about East West in 2 minutes.

 Hot Topics in Manufacturing
Integrating Supply Chain Technology You Can Use Right Now August 1, 20175 Factors That Affect Design for Manufacturability (DFM) [VIDEO] July 27, 2017Manufacturing Delays: Making the Best of a Slow Situation July 25, 2017The Basics of Contract Manufacturing and New Product Development July 20, 2017Prepping for Chinese New Year 2018: Two Things to Do Now July 18, 2017When Should You Use Air Freight? [Video] July 14, 2017What Are the Factors Driving MOQ [Minimum Order Quantity] July 12, 2017
Looking for an EW Replacement Motor?
Before You Call…
Check out this helpful blog post we put together to help you quickly locate the correct phone number to call for a replacement motor:
http://news.ewmfg.com/blog/need-an-east-west-replacement-motor

Tweets by @eastwestmfg


About
Who is East West Manufacturing?
Our Story
Meet Our Team
Worldwide Locations
FAQ

Learn More
East West Blog
East West Digital Magazine

Divisions
Engineered Products
EMS – Electronics
EC Motors
Medical
Electric Motors

Capabilities
Plastics
Rubber
Industrial Textiles
Metals
Electronics
Assemblies
Tooling

Services
Engineering Support
Quality Management
Supply Chain Management
Product Development
Customer Support

Customer Tools
Careers
Free Resources

Contact 
East West Manufacturing
4170 Ashford Dunwoody Road
Suite 375
Atlanta, GA, USA 30319
404.252.9441
Email Us!
 




Sponsorships


 Website by SangFroid Web LLC



 














 




West Corporation - We connect. We deliver. We are West.



















































































Menu 





 




 














West is connecting the ideas, the innovation and the individuals that make things happen.





West develops technology-enabled communications that change the way we work and improve the way we live. We are pioneering new ways to interact, to engage, to execute business processes and transactions. We are a collective effort of enterprise and individuals, of communities and customers, of partnerships and families. We are the sum of our entire network – the result of brilliant ideas, dedication and the hard work of people who share our vision. We are at the core of a technology and communications engine that is changing the world. We connect. We deliver. We are West.


About West









Unified Communications Services
Through our Unified Communications line of business, West is simplifying technology applications, improving their performance and creating suites of services and solutions that meet our clients’ varying objectives.
Learn More


Unified Communications Services




 





SafetyServices
Through our Safety Services line of business, we connect people to sources of safety and security by enabling organizations to locate, route, transport and deliver emergency communications.
Learn More


SafetyServices




 





InteractiveServices
Our Interactive Services line of business can strategically deliver your messaging using the right combination of automated communications solutions, enabling interaction across voice, mobile and other channels.
Learn More


InteractiveServices




 

 






SpecializedAgent Services
Specialized Agent Services combines subject matter experts with proven analytics and technology to provide solutions for the healthcare market, as well as business-to-business  sales.
Learn More


SpecializedAgent Services




 





TelecomServices
West Telecom Services connects people and unites networks by delivering interconnection services for all types of providers, including wireless, wireline, cable and voice over Internet protocol (VoIP).
Learn More


TelecomServices




 





Work at West
With people as our priority, we are always looking for new candidates to add to our team. If technology inspires you and problem-solving propels you forward, West could be the perfect place to build your career.
Learn More


Work at West



 

 
 





1.2
billion
notification
calls and
data/text
messages











Solutions with reach
The technology we offer, as well as the support we provide, are designed around our clients’ needs. We’re focused on how to streamline their communication strategies, enhance collaboration between employees, improve the customer experience and boost their bottom line. And in turn, their customers benefit from services that make life easier, more convenient – and more connected.




64B



64 billion telephony minutes processed 

169M



169 million conference calls facilitated


290M



290 million Emergency 911 calls facilitated 



 





West ranks among top 100 vendors in The Healthcare Informatics 100



LEARN MORE











Taking Automated Member Engagement to the Next Level with TEC Pathways
Looking for new, more efficient, and productive ways to engage your members? TEC Pathways can help. Watch the webinar replay to see it in action.



CATCH THE REPLAY











“Your Call is Very Important”
In this webinar, Cyndy Orrys of Henry Ford shares how her organization is delivering a more connected and intelligent patient experience.



CATCH THE REPLAY






 



















Follow West:
 
 
 
 
 











©2004 - 2017 West Corporation. All Rights Reserved. 
          Legal & Privacy | 
          Diversity | 
          Tariffs | 
          Blog & Corporate News | 
          Investor News | 
          Contact









West Corporation





   
 




utility-side-menu
 





















