





Product - 聯茂電子


































































 

聯茂電子股份有限公司 ITEQ CORPORATION 


 







Product




  



















Scroll to top









產品介紹 - 聯茂電子


































































 

聯茂電子股份有限公司 ITEQ CORPORATION 


 







產品介紹





  



















Scroll to top








International TEQ Inc.















































            Textile        


Weaving Looms


Sock Knitting Machines


Flat and Circular Knitting Machines


Spinning


Dying and Bleaching


Finishing


Cards and Warpers


Tenter Frames and Dryers





            Raw Materials Processing        


Paper Processing


Plastic Processing


Rubber Processing





            Metal & Wood        


Metal Fabricating






Wood Working




            Food & Beverage Processing        


Beverage Processing


Food Processing





            Chemical & Pharmaceutical Processing        


Chemical Processing


Pharmaceutical Equipment





            Mining        


Ball Mill


Cone and Jaw Crushers





            Miscellaneous        


Boilers


Compressors


Pumps


Chillers


Others









Auctions
Liquidations
Businesses for Sale







 International Trade
Inventory Management
Auctions
Consulting
Sales
Rigging
Millwright























Working with all types of production lines






Liquidators of all access inventory, discontinued products and more






Finalizing our commitments by offering all rigging and loading services






Constantly searching for latest model equipment






Manifesting our expertise in smaller industries











 
                 
          
    
    
             Complete Dye & Finishing Plant (ongoing Business)    
          
    
    
             DEUTZ Energy TURBOGAS COGENERATORS 4 MW/12 MW 2009    
          
    
    
             Pharmaceutical Equipment Assets    
          
    
    
             Sulzer Looms P7300 HP V8 B360 N2 EP D12 R 2008

     
          
    
    
             COMING SOON FOR 2017, OUR NEW WEB PAGE WITH MORE TO OFFER    
          
    
    




  


International TEQ Inc - Who We Are



 




 





 



 International TEQ Inc. is a multi segment corporation offering services in several departments including sales, installations, dismantling and removal of new and used equipment. International TEQ Inc. specializes in various fields of manufacturing and production such as pharmaceutical, food, textile, mining, rubber, plastics and many other industries.
With over 25 years of experience throughout North America, International TEQ Inc. is currently expanding globally. Processing more advanced search methods to access a selection of new requests for complete plant, equipment and inventories made available to the market. Constantly moving forward for the ultimate solution, which will answer your needs and improve your productivity. You will enjoy and appreciate all the facets of our services from machine sales to final destination and more.
International TEQ Inc. is always inspired by your need to continually reach and surpass your goals thus being part of your success. This corporation is based on no shortcuts but actual solutions that will help to ensure the right decision concerning your requirements in optimizing your investments by successfully achieving all your objectives.




 



 



 






























 Iteq Corporation Taoyuan City, Taiwan | Supplier Data
Datamyne



























































Making trade data work for you





Countries  
Taiwan  
Supplier Starts With I

 




ITEQ CORPORATION


Taoyuan City, Taiwan 
 
 
 







12 Month Supply Chain Summary            
(July 23, 2016 ─ July 23, 2017)

ITEQ CORPORATION supplied 25 shipments to the US since Jul 23, 2016.




Top Importer



 International Electronic Compo 
7
Importers for this supplier for the last 12 months






Top HS Code Products



741021 -  Copper Foil,  Nov.15mm Thick,  Backed,  Refin Copper 









Top Carriers



 Orient Overseas Container Line LTD Orient Express Container CO INC India Maritime Agency LLC 






Top Ports of Departure



 Kao Hsiung, Kaohsiung, China Taiwan Shilong, Keelung, Chilung, Chi Lung, Koolung, Kiirun, China Taiwan Shang Hai, Shanghai, China Mainland 










Top Countries of Origin



 Taiwan 




Alternative content for the map














See all shipments for  Iteq Corporation when you subscribe to Datamyne.




How Datamyne Benefits You


Datamyne covers the trade of some 50 countries across 5 continents, as well as the details of US import and export commerce with over 230 trading partners. Original US import bills are available online one day after we receive them from Customs, making our US import data the earliest available anywhere.
Easily access our database via a web-based interface that speeds and simplifies trade data research, delivering the information you need for successful marketing, prospecting and sourcing strategies.
See why more than 3,000 professionals are using Datamyne today.
Request a Demo






Take our Tour





 Product  Overview 
Plans and Pricing 
Why Choose Datamyne? 












Easy access, with expert support, to the largest searchable trade database in the world.
















                Search US import details FREE for companies like:              





ITEQ CORPORATION                  





First Name



Last Name





Company



Email



Country  
                        
United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Phone





                          I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy






Get My Free Search
















 













































ITEQ : Announces the launch of halogen-free IT-88GMW for use in 76-81 GHz Automotive Radar systems, emerging millimeter wave applications and 5G base station applications | 4-Traders













































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  TAIWAN STOCK EXCHANGE  >  ITEQ Corporation    6213   TW0006213002










     ITEQ CORPORATION (6213)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







No quotes available

--
TWD
 
--.--%










08/02 ITEQ : Announces the launch of halogen-free IT-88GMW for use in 76-8..


06/29 ITEQ : Announces the Launch of IT-988G Ultra Low-Loss Halogen-Free P..

 







SummaryNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




ITEQ : Announces the launch of halogen-free IT-88GMW for use in 76-81 GHz Automotive Radar systems, emerging millimeter wave applications and 5G base station applications



































0






08/02/2017 | 02:41am CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields







        Hsinchu, Taiwan and Santa Clara, California, 7/25/2017 - ITEQ Corporation, a Taiwan based global leader in the development and manufacture of copper-clad laminates for printed circuit boards (PCBs), announced today the introduction of its new halogen free IT-88GMW product for use in Automotive Radar, millimeter wave applications and emerging 5G applications. The product has a nominal dielectric constant of 2.98 and a dissipation factor 0.0012 at 10 GHz, making it the lowest loss product in this category of thermoset products. The product will be available as a standalone copper clad laminate in hybrid applications for use in automotive driver assist systems as well as with a full complement of prepreg materials for enabling high layer count boards. The product is suitable for high layer count backplane applications, as it offers very low skew and very low loss. The Glass transition temperature is in excess of 170° C and has a decomposition temperature of around 405° C. Copper profile with Rz values ~2 micrometers will be used as standard on the product.
      

        The product will be manufactured in ITEQ's state of the art facility in Taiwan and distributed globally.
      

        Tarun Amla, Chief Technology Officer and EVP, noted, 'IT-88GMW is a solution to various problems that customers and OEMs encounter when dealing with the incumbent PTFE type products. IT-88GMW solves dimensional stability problems by offering very low and consistent movement. Additionally, its thermomechanical properties closely match the materials that are used to build hybrid boards in automotive radar and other similar applications. PTFE properties have almost an order of magnitude difference in modulus compared to the FR4 materials that it is bonded with in hybrid boards, leading to multiple problems, such as deformation, delamination, and low yields. The extremely low loss and high thermal conductivity of our product and its ability to make pure package, high layer count boards is a breakthrough improvement over incumbent products. Further, due to its compatibility with FR4 type materials, this can generate more robust hybrid boards than competitive products, suitable for the demanding automotive reliability requirements. There has been a need in the market for dimensionally stable products compatible with the FR4 hybrids, while at the same time enabling pure package, high layer count boards using conventional PCB manufacturing technology. IT-88MWR is another product in a series of first to market products that promises low cost solutions for microwave as well as ultrahigh speed digital backplanes.'
      

        The product is available for sampling and building Test Vehicles with customers.
      

About ITEQ Corporation
        Based in Hsinchu, Taiwan since its founding in 1997, ITEQ Corporation is a global leader in the development and manufacture of copper clad laminate materials used for printed circuit boards (PCBs). The company has always been committed to developing the highest quality and most reliable laminate material products, through dedicated and focused cutting-edge research and development and state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities and methods. ITEQ has grown to become one of the largest manufacturers of copper clad laminates and its products are used for advanced multilayer printed circuit boards that go into a wide range of applications, including automotive, aerospace, servers, storage, mobile phones, communications, and other electronic equipment.
      

        Contacts:
      

        Luc.beauviller@iteq.com.tw
      

        Jim.lai@iteq.com.tw
      



ITEQ Corporation published this content on 02 August 2017 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on  02 August 2017 00:41:02 UTC.
          


Original documenthttp://www.iteq.com.tw/2017/08/02/iteq-corporation-announces-launch-halogen-free-88gmw-use-76-81-ghz-automotive-radar-systems-emerging-millimeter-wave-applications-5g-base-station-applications/?lang=en
Public permalinkhttp://www.publicnow.com/view/3388F75EE2C98CC33E1234C48EC8E863103B4CD9























































0






 






Latest news on ITEQ CORPORATION




08/02 ITEQ : Announces the launch of halogen-free IT-88GMW for use in 76-81 GHz Automo..

06/29 ITEQ : Announces the Launch of IT-988G Ultra Low-Loss Halogen-Free Product for C..

06/15 ITEQ : Patent Issued for Electromagnetic Interference Shielding Film (USPTO 9674..



More news

 


 





Financials ( TWD)
 




            Sales             2017            
21 306 M 

            EBIT             2017            
2 130 M 

            Net income             2017            
1 255 M 

            Debt 2017            
- 

            Yield             2017            
5,75% 





            P/E ratio 2017            
12,07 

            P/E ratio 2018            
8,99 

            
            Capi. / Sales 2017            
            
0,71x 

            Capi. / Sales 2018
            
            0            

            Capitalization            
            
15 148 M 



More Financials


Income Statement Evolution
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Financials


Consensus


                        Sell
                   








Buy
                   


 

Mean consensus

    OUTPERFORM    
Number of Analysts

    4    
Average target price

47,0  TWD 
Spread / Average Target

-6,0% 


Consensus details
 





EPS Revisions 
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Estimates Revisions


Managers
 





 NameTitleHsin Hui Tsai
General Manager, Director, Spokesman & IR Contact
Mao Chen Tsai
Chairman
Rong Can Zhou
Deputy Spokesman, Head-Finance & Accounting
Chi Tsu Kao
Director
Shih Fang Cheng
Member-Supervisory Board
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

ITEQ CORPORATION466





EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC133.05%242


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave











Iteq Corporation in Santa Clara, CA
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Iteq Corporation, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Iteq Corporation

Iteq Corporation exports to Electronics through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Iteq Corporation and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 GENERAL ELECTRIC CAPITAL CORPORATIO
 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS CENTER
 PEPSICO
 CABELA-S HONG KONG LIMITED
 SEARS MERCHANDISING SERVICES INC.
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Iteq Corporation
Iteq Corporation exports to Electronics through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



ITEQ CORPORATION
NO.17, DALUGE RD., XINPU TOWNSHIP HSIN-CHU 305 TAIWAN


INTERNATIONAL ELECTRONICS
COMPONENTS USA 809 ALDO AVE. 104 SANTA CLARA CA 95054 USA



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



-NOT AVAILABLE
-NOT AVAILABLE



(DOUBLE SIDE) NO MARKS
(DOUBLE SIDE) NO MARKS





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



EGLV003701934438


GATU8724064
GATU8724064


Product Description




700PAGS=700 PNLS =1PLT COPPER CLAD LAM INATE .
700PAGS=700 PNLS =1PLT COPPER CLAD LAM INATE .









Bill of LadingDITCDTPORD177001Arrival Date2017-07-26Weight (LB)653Weight (KG)297Quantity700 PKGContainer Count1Voyage No.071EPort of LoadingKAOHSIUNGPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameEVER STRONGCarrier CodeDITCCountry Of OriginChina TaiwanPlace Of ReceiptKEELUNG TAIWAN 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Iteq Corporation. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Iteq Corporation has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Iteq Corporation







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Iteq Corporation
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Globle Trade Services,                                



                                    Luis Alberto Ortega Gutierrez                                



                                    Continental Worldwide Logistic (bcn                                



                                    T & D Trading Co. Pty Ltd                                



                                    Kapag Karton + Papier Ag                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3513
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















