






News Archives - Vanguard News



























































Skip to content







Thursday 03 August







Follow @vanguardngrnews






 




 Vanguard News
A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc




Search for:



 





 







Breaking News


Translate







Home » National News 







Latest

News

Mob burn man to death for stealing amplifier in mosque 
 On August 3, 20172:46 pmIn News by TonyComments 
 Police said an angry crowd on Thursday in Indonesia set a man ablaze after they accused him of stealing an audio amplifier from a mosque.
Read More 




 


Clark, Ijaw king Diette-Spiff lack  moral justification to give FG ultimatum, -MEND, NDPC

 On August 3, 20172:42 pmIn News by TonyComments 


Two groups, Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta (MEND) and Niger Delta People’s Congress (NDPC), have cautioned Ijaw leader Edwin Clark against issuing ultimatum to federal government over demands of Niger Delta people.
Read More 




 


Betting on Buhari’s return opens on naijabet.com

 On August 3, 20172:24 pmIn News by adekunleComments 


One of Nigeria’s bookmakers’ company naijabet.com has opened up a betting on how soon President Muhammadu Buhari will be coming back to Nigeria.
Read More 




 


Obiano dares IPOB, inaugurates re-election campaign team

 On August 3, 20172:13 pmIn News, Politics by TonyComments 


A former National chairman of APGA, Chief Victor Umeh, is to lead the re-election bid of Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra in the Nov. 18 governorship poll in the state.
Read More 




 


Anambra Guber: I Am Inspired by the People – Chidoka

 On August 3, 20172:00 pmIn News, Politics by TonyComments 


Frontline contender in the November 18, 2017 Anambra Governorship election, Chief Osita Chidoka, has said that he is deeply touched by the widespread solidarity, prayers and goodwill he has continued to receive from the masses ahead of the election.
Read More 




 


Corruption: Ortom wants Tsav to prove allegations in court or be punished

 On August 3, 20171:47 pmIn News by TonyComments 


Gov. Samuel Ortom of Benue on Thursday vowed to make former Lagos State police commissioner Abubakar Tsav prove allegations of corruption against him in court, or be punished for such “lies”.
Read More 




 


Breaking: Kogi Speaker resigns

 On August 3, 20171:47 pmIn News by adekunleComments 


The crises rocking the Kogi State House of Assembly took a new dimension today Thursday as unexpectedly, the Speaker, Umar Ahmed resigned his position.
Read More 




 


I am APC member “body and spirit’’ – Saraki

 On August 3, 20171:19 pmIn News by OkogbaComments 


President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, said contrary to insinuations, he was a full member of All Progressives Congress (APC) and remained there “body and spirit’’.
Read More 




 


2019: NASS to conclude INEC Act amendment in 2017

 On August 3, 20171:15 pmIn News by OkogbaComments 


President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki, has assured that the National Assembly will conclude the amendment to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) Act before end of 2017.
Read More 




 


Police arrest Zambia opposition leader on live TV interview

 On August 3, 20171:10 pmIn News by OkogbaComments 


Police in Zambia on Thursday arrested an opposition leader while he was being interviewed on a private television station.
Read More 




 


NAFDAC seals 3 shops in Maiduguri over alleged unwholesome products

 On August 3, 201712:49 pmIn News by OkogbaComments 


The National Agency For Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC) on Thursday said it had sealed three shops in Borno over alleged circulation of unwholesome products.
Read More 




 


Bangladesh’s ‘Sultan of Sex’ detained on blackmail charges

 On August 3, 201712:46 pmIn News by OkogbaComments 


Bangladesh police have arrested a self-proclaimed “Sultan of Sex” accused of blackmailing dozens of women with intimate videos he filmed of their sexual encounters, an official said Thursday.
Read More 




 


Northern governors‎ to reinvigorate Bank of the North — Ganduje

 On August 3, 201711:43 amIn News by adekunleComments 


The 19 Northern governors have ‎kick-started a fund raising drive to reinvigorate the Bank of the North which was merged with some financial institutions about a decade ago. ‎
Read More 




 


MTN returns to profit-making after turbulent 2016

 On August 3, 201711:39 amIn News by adekunleComments 


 MTN Group, Africa’s biggest mobile phone operator, says it has moved away from a turbulent 2016 that highlighted the risks of the company’s emerging markets strategy to a profit-making firm.
Read More 




 


Umeh leads Obiano’s re-election campaign

 On August 3, 201711:37 amIn News by adekunleComments 


A former National chairman of APGA, Chief Victor Umeh, is to lead the re-election bid of Gov. Willie Obiano of Anambra in  the Nov. 18 governorship poll in the state.
Read More 






Latest News2:46 pmMob burn man to death for stealing amplifier in mosque2:42 pmClark, Ijaw king Diette-Spiff lack  moral justification to give FG ultimatum, -MEND, NDPC2:24 pmBetting on Buhari’s return opens on naijabet.com2:13 pmObiano dares IPOB, inaugurates re-election campaign team2:00 pmAnambra Guber: I Am Inspired by the People – Chidoka1:47 pmCorruption: Ortom wants Tsav to prove allegations in court or be punished1:47 pmBreaking: Kogi Speaker resigns1:19 pmI am APC member “body and spirit’’ – Saraki1:15 pm2019: NASS to conclude INEC Act amendment in 20171:10 pmPolice arrest Zambia opposition leader on live TV interview12:49 pmNAFDAC seals 3 shops in Maiduguri over alleged unwholesome products12:46 pmBangladesh’s ‘Sultan of Sex’ detained on blackmail charges12:12 pmOlympics: Paralympics to help Tokyo prepare for ageing public11:44 amBreaking: La Liga rejects payment of Neymar buyout clause11:43 amNorthern governors‎ to reinvigorate Bank of the North — Ganduje11:39 amMTN returns to profit-making after turbulent 201611:37 amUmeh leads Obiano’s re-election campaign 



SponsoredShocking! Man Discovers Strange Herb that Quickly Eradicates Any Form of Eye Problem Including Catarats, Glacuma, Shortsightedness in Less than 4 Weeks!  Dear Friend, Allow me to ask you the following questions…. Are you suffering from any type of eye problem such as...
How To Instantly Improve Your Sexual Performance TodayShocking: How A Surulere Man went From 13 seconds Of S3x to Lasting 38 Minutes. Click Here to ReadWant to get pregnant? 7 Top Questions Explained.







EditorialLooting of ex-President Jonathan’s homeThe stripping of former President Goodluck Jonathan’s home in Gwarinpa, Abuja, went beyond mere burgling. It has since b...
FG should probe Bakassi killingsSaving our bridges from collapseEdo’s outrageous anti-poor university 

#VanguardtrafficFG abolishes BSc/HND dichotomy in paramilitary servicesThe Federal Government has abolished the dichotomy between university degree holders and those of Higher National Diplom...


Most CommentedWhy is it that people can declare Oduduwa Republic, nothing will happen to them, Kanu asks463Before I die Lagos must become third largest economy in Africa - Obasanjo228Lagos bus conductors to start wearing uniform from today134Video: Kemi Adeosun says 90 people will share 1 barrel of Nigerian oil102Avoid anything that threatens Nigeria’s unity, Gowon begs youths73More than half of Nigeria’s VAT comes from Lagos  — Adeosun706Kanu to Osinbajo: Withdraw all charges against me51 


VideosVideo: Kemi Adeosun says 90 people will share 1 barrel of Nigerian oilWhy is it that people can declare Oduduwa Republic, nothing will happen to them, Kanu asksVideo: Police raid shrine in Ikorodu over Badoo cult killingsArewa Youth’s response strong enough to stop further unauthorized declarations from South-East – Muhammad Yakubu 
TrendingMore than half of Nigeria’s VAT comes from Lagos  — AdeosunFinance Minister, Kemi Adeosun, said yesterday that more than half of Nigeria’s value added tax, VAT, comes from Lagos S...
Biafra:  Stop misleading Nigerians; IPOD, Nnamdi Kanu toldBuhari meets APC chiefs in London, says I’m laughing

 



E-editions 




 


 



 









Tip of a New DawnWhat will Nigerians do about the Senate?The ability to freely challenge government, especially when such huge corruption allegations are continuously made conce...
Read MoreScenarios with Obadiah MailafiaThe Chronicles of ConakryI AM writing this piece from Conakry, capital of Guinea. It’s my first time here, and I’m enjoying it. The locals are fr...
Read MoreOn the Spot with Eric TeniolaDr. Leton on how Federal govt cheated Niger Delta (1)Successive Commissions have recommended a special fund for the oil producing areas to take care of the continuing damage...
Read MorePeople & PoliticsFighting fire with waterWHEN  a piece of bone gets stuck in the throat, refusing to go down or come back up, do you slit the throat to remove th...
Read MoreMuhammed Adamu on ThursdayA re-make, not an amendmentParliament lords it over the people; the executive arm is hardly any less victimizing; nor are the courts any more credi...
Read MoreThe HubAssassination attempt on Anti-graft warIS it still necessary to continue to remind ourselves that in politics what people intend is often different from what t...
 



































FORTE OIL PLC APPLICATIONS IN IKEJA APRIL 2017

























































Skip to content
 




Search for:


Search

 
 







The eagle's jobs






 
 
 
 
 




Marketing
FORTE OIL PLC APPLICATIONS IN IKEJA APRIL 2017
 

Date: May 2, 2017Author: trodrige

0 Comments 
 


Forte Oil Plc  Vacancies In Ikeja April 2017

Forte Oil is an indigenous petroleum marketing company with structured operations and strategic policies to continuously improve product delivery to its customers. Forte Oil is renowned for her ability to offer her consumers a wide range of products from the oil value chain; PMS, diesel, aviation fuel, kerosene, commercial gas and a wide range of lubricants for various automobiles and machines. A major player in the downstream sector of the Nigerian oil and gas sector, Forte Oil prides itself on delivering prompt, quality and effective services to our customers nationwide.
We are recruiting to fill the following positions below:
Job Title: Business Manager Aviation (Marketing and Operations)
Location: Ikeja
Reports To: Head, Marketing
Job Band: TBA
Function: Marketing
Subfunction: N/A
Purpose Statement

Supervision and coordination of operational activities in all aviation depots thereby ensuring qualitative service delivery and adherence to standard policies and procedures.
Coordinate and ensure adequate product supplies to aviation depots to avoid product stuck-out or over supply.
Represent Forte at JV partners, FAAN and other stakeholders in the aviation industry.

Key Accountabilities

Implement approved work programmes and plans with the overall aim of increasing sales and enhancing customer satisfaction.
Protect Air FO interest at all levels among the JV partners ad stake holders.
Demonstrate commitment towards the departmental sales target and implement approved strategies to address anticipated shortfalls.
Possess detailed technical knowledge of specifications and usage of the Organisation’s product spectrum.
Champion and coordinate the provision of technical advisory services to key current and target customers to drive product sales and increase customer satisfaction.
Manage relationships with the Organisation’s existing and potential key aviation customers.
Supervise the creation and real time maintenance of aviation equipment to support sales strategies.
Demonstrate a firm grasp of aviation market trends, monitor and provide feedback to management.
Conduct periodic performance appraisal sessions with subordinate staff in line with stipulated career and performance management policies and procedures.
Process bridging orders and follow up with distribution team to ensure prompt product service delivery in line with Organisational policies.
Ensure timely product delivery to customers.
Maintain good product quality standard at all times.
Ensure product sales with approved margin.
Recommend/organize trainings for aviation crew.
Ensure all safety rules are observed at all levels of operation.
Ensure proper equipment handling to save cost.
Perform other duties that may be assigned by the Head, Marketing.

Knowledge, Skills and Experience

The position requires a sharp thinking graduate of Social Science, Engineering or related field with a good first degree and at least five (5) years relevant experience in the downstream sector.

The following skills are essential:

High level of transparency and integrity.
Strong leadership skills in managing customers.
Good understanding of the local and international Oil & Gas sector including guiding principles and regulations.
A flair for sales and marketing, including a good knowledge of marketing operations.
Commitment to achieving set targets and goals.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Good networking and teaming skills.
Good organisation skills and attention to details
Ability to meet deadlines.
Ability to work efficiently/effectively under minimal supervision.
Good problem analysis and solving skills.

Working Relationships:

Internal: Distribution, Engineering.
External: JV partners, FAAN, stakeholders/regulatory authorities.

Application Closing Date
24th April, 2017.
Method of Application
Interested and qualified candidates should send their CV’s with subject: “Business Manager, Aviation” -/Marketing/CO/0417” to: [email protected]
 
Job Title: Retail Sales Representative 
Location: Warri
Reports To: Business Manager,  Lagos
Job Band: TBA
Function: Marketing
Subfunction: N/A
Purpose Statement

Retail Sales and Marketing of petroleum products. The management of company owned and dealer developed retail outlets.

Key Accountabilities


Monthly appraisal of all dealer of all dealers within assigned area of coverage.
Expand the Company’s retail footprint within assigned area of coverage.
Manage relationships with internal and external stakeholders /regulatory authorities.
Take full responsibility for managing each retail customer under coverage and achieve set KPI’s.
Actively seek out new business opportunities for the company aimed at diversifying its revenue stream.
Effective management of retail outlets within the territory.
Achieve 100% of volume and gross margin targets across all product lines.
Carry out random pump integrity checks at each CODO and DODO at least twice a month.
Carry out dumping and diversion spot checks twice monthly at each CODO and DODO.
Achieve zero outstanding proof of delivery waybills at the end of each sales month.
Deploy retail quality checklist at least once a month.

Knowledge, Skills and Experience

The position requires a sharp thinking graduate of any business related discipline with a good first degree with at least three (3) years relevant experience in the downstream sector or FMCG.
A relevant professional marketing qualification is also desirable.

The following skills are essential:

High level of transparency and integrity.
Strong leadership skills in managing dealers and other customers.
Demonstrate a firm grasp of basic retail principles.
A flair for sales and marketing.
Commitment to achieving set targets and goals.
Basic lubricants product knowledge.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Good networking and teaming skills.
Good organization skills and attention to details
Ability to meet deadlines.
Ability to work efficiently/effectively under minimal supervision.
Good problem analysis and solving skills.

Working Relationships:

Internal: Customer Service, Depot Representatives, Engineering
External: Stake holders/regulatory authorities, dealers.

Application Closing Date
24th April, 2017.
Method of Application
Interested and qualified candidates should send their CV’s with subject: “Retail Sales Representative -/Marketing/CO/0417” to: [email protected]
 
Job Title: Retail Sales Representative 
Location: Benin
Reports To: Business Manager,  Lagos
Job Band: TBA
Function: Marketing
Subfunction: N/A
Purpose Statement

Retail Sales and Marketing of petroleum products. The management of company owned and dealer developed retail outlets.

Key Accountabilities

Monthly appraisal of all dealer of all dealers within assigned area of coverage.
Expand the Company’s retail footprint within assigned area of coverage.
Manage relationships with internal and external stakeholders /regulatory authorities.
Take full responsibility for managing each retail customer under coverage and achieve set KPI’s.
Actively seek out new business opportunities for the company aimed at diversifying its revenue stream.
Effective management of retail outlets within the territory.
Achieve 100% of volume and gross margin targets across all product lines.
Carry out random pump integrity checks at each CODO and DODO at least twice a month.
Carry out dumping and diversion spot checks twice monthly at each CODO and DODO.
Achieve zero outstanding proof of delivery waybills at the end of each sales month.
Deploy retail quality checklist at least once a month.

Knowledge, Skills and Experience

The position requires a sharp thinking graduate of any business related discipline with a good first degree with at least three (3) years relevant experience in the downstream sector or FMCG.
A relevant professional marketing qualification is also desirable.

The following skills are essential:

High level of transparency and integrity.
Strong leadership skills in managing dealers and other customers.
Demonstrate a firm grasp of basic retail principles.
A flair for sales and marketing.
Commitment to achieving set targets and goals.
Basic lubricants product knowledge.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Good networking and teaming skills.
Good organization skills and attention to details
Ability to meet deadlines.
Ability to work efficiently/effectively under minimal supervision.
Good problem analysis and solving skills.

Working Relationships:

Internal: Customer Service, Depot Representatives, Engineering
External: Stake holders/regulatory authorities, dealers.

Application Closing Date
24th April, 2017.
Method of Application
Interested and qualified candidates should send their CV’s with subject: “Retail Sales Representative -/Marketing/CO/0417” to: [email protected]

 

Advertisements




 


Share this:TwitterFacebookGoogleLike this:Like Loading...

Related



 
 



Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:





























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email.
 



 



 




Search for:


Search

Follow the eagle on facebook 

Follow the eagle on facebook

Follow the eagle on TwitterMy TweetsFollow Blog via Email

Enter your email address to follow the eagle and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 4 other followers







 


Top Posts & Pages 

						Mobile, .Net developer and Managers At GlamAfric Inc. In Lagos					

  Recent Posts 

Mobile, .Net developer and Managers At GlamAfric Inc. In Lagos


Elnuk Logistics Limited, Office Assistant and Business Development Executive


Marketing Executive at Andipe Production Limited


Coordinator, Migration and Reintegration Advice Centre, Migration for Development Programme Nigeria at Deutsche Gesellschaft fuer Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH


Finance Manage, ARC DEVELOPMENTS


 SocialView Naija Jobs’s profile on FacebookView Naija jobs’s profile on Twitter

 
 
























 
 
%d bloggers like this:













































































































































Forte Oil Plc: Investors in frosty step up - Vanguard News
































































 





Skip to content







Thursday 03 August







Follow @vanguardngrnews






 




 Vanguard News
A Nigerian newspaper and Online version of the Vanguard, a daily publication in Nigeria covering Niger delta, general national news, politics, business, energy, sports, entertainment, fashion,lifestyle human interest stories, etc




Search for:



 





 







Breaking News


Translate







Home » News » Forte Oil Plc:  Investors in frosty step up 










Forte Oil Plc:  Investors in frosty step up














 On May 15, 20172:32 amIn Business, News by TonyComments 










By Emeka Anaeto, Business Editor
Investors in the Nigerian Stock Exchange, NSE, last week, took some frosty steps towards the stock of one of Nigeria’s leading indigenous oil sector conglomerates, Forte Oil Plc (FO), moving the share price by 15.72 per cent in just two consecutive trading dates, the fastest since the company’s last results announcement, first quarter 2017 (Q1’17).






However, it remains to be seen how far they can go this week in sustaining their bull run, as it closed flat last Friday, just a day after the two-day push.
The investors have been, rather faint-hearted over the company’s Q1’17 results on the back of persisting pressures from the operating environment.
Consequently, a near price stagnation and some reversal of gains have been recorded since mid last month until last week’s short-lived bull stunt.
Stockbrokers believe the push last week was a fall out of the pervading band wagon effect of the general bullish trend that hit the market three weeks ago on the heels of many impressive corporate results announcement and the general expectation that economic rebound was around the corner.
But same brokers are also foreseeing profit taking reversing the capital gains in most of the stocks any moment from this week and this may also effect FO it it moves further up, judging from its fundamentals.
Indeed some investment analysts reversed their target price (TP) for FO stock based on both the sector outlook and the company’s result.
Q1’17 Performance Review
Forte Oil Plc (FO), one of the Nigeria’s leading indigenous oil sector conglomerates, reported a 7.0% year-on-year (YoY) decline in its first quarter 2017 (Q1’17) turnover to N33.0 billion at the backdrop of a significant sales decline in its cash cow product line, premium motor spirit (petrol) division.
However, the company recorded a strong revenue growth in the Power (+119% YoY) and Lubricant (+50% YoY) segments against Q1’16 records of 21% and 30% respectively.
It is believed the Power and Lubricant segments’ performance was buoyed by stronger pricing in the divisions.
Consequently the increased contributions from the higher margin businesses, beefed up gross margin for the period to 17% from 13% in Q1’16.
The company’s earnings also got a boost from conservative OPEX headings with the impact of the improvement in gross margin further strengthened by a sizable improvement in operating expenses as Earnings Before Interest and Tax (EBIT) margin rose to 9.5% as against Q1’16 position of 6.8%; and FY’16 position of   6.3%).
OPEX to Sales ratio was down to 8.0% (Q1’16: 8.3%; FY’16: 8.5%) on the back of a sizable reduction in freight costs (-45%).
Although the company’s operating performance was quite impressive especially in light of the tough operating environment, Q1’17 bottom line received an additional boost from a lower effective tax rate of 8.1% as against   Q1’16 and FY’16 rates of 26.7% and 45.9% respectively. Consequently, the company reported an after-tax profit of N1.8 billion in Q1’17 – 98% YoY growth.
2017 Outlook still hazy
2016 had been a mixed bag of fortune for the petroleum marketing sector as retail price mark up earlier in the year heralded opportunity for bottom-line growth. But this came at the backdrop of a pressured purchasing power forcing down general demand while impacting volume of sales in the petroleum products adversely.
This situation was further compounded by the Naira devaluation along with foreign exchange supply constraint, a development which effectively knocked out the ability of oil marketers to import and sale their products. The situation was also compounded by the perennial indebtedness of government to the marketers on the outstanding subsidy claims which compounded the debt burdens of the marketers to their bankers. FO operated under this industry challenges last year.
Though some analysts see industry dynamics likely to be different this year given the central bank’s increased ability and willingness to provide forex, concerns regarding the current pricing template exist. Whilst the government is not expected to increase pump price some stakeholders in the template are demanding increased margin. At least the logistics group has gotten away with a promise to effect such without concomitant increase in pump price. Consequently, the federal government will persist with its modulated pricing mechanism for as long as it is possible. If this is not sorted out participation of FO and other marketers in importation of products may still be restricted through the year.
Some analysts believe that since local refining capacity remains lackluster increased competition and lower unit volume sales would continue.
In addition, diesel, kerosene and aviation fuel prices have somewhat moderated relative to the last quarter. This, analysts believe, would lead to a significant drop in revenue from FO’s petroleum division to N100.1 billion for full year 2017 (FY’17).
Power segment to remain up-beat
Power segment to benefit from overhaul, improved gas supply and recent reforms
A reasonable level of stability has returned to the gas supply and consequently power generation sector at the backdrop of the overhauled and increased facility capacity run by FO Power.
Consequently, the Management has set a capacity utilisation target of 70-85%. Some analysts see revenue from the power division skyrocketing to N23.7 billion with the sector’s contribution to overall revenues rising to 16% from 9% in FY’16.
But it is not yet clear how Settlement issues would be resolved this year though Federal Government appears to be intervening in the power sector liquidity crises. Outstanding debt for 2016 was estimated at N7.7 billion as distribution companies (Discos) settled only N2.7 billion from a total invoice of N10.4 billion. It is only hoped that the Power Assurance Guarantee should address this situation when it eventually kicks off.
Chemicals, lubricant segment still challenged
Some analysts had hoped that with a sustained uptick in crude oil prices, activities would pick up in the upstream sector where FO chemical business is hinged. But this has not yet happened, five months into the year and season of oil price uptick.
The Exploration & Production companies are believed to be frosty-footed on capital expenditure and E&P due to equally frosty outlook of the implementation of the country’s new energy policy initiatives.
But FO’s management, according to the observers, is believed to be on the pursuit of opportunities with new and existing clients. However, due to the many uncertainties it is estimated that a 25% drop in revenue may be recorded from its Production Chemicals division to N1.9 billion during the year.
Meanwhile the lubricant business segment is expected to continue to benefit from the Naira devaluation which curbed imports from Asia and allowed local producers to increase prices and run on better margin. Therefore, over 30% rise in revenue from this segment is expected in the year.
Analysts’ Projections and Valuation
Against the backdrop of a mixed operating environment analysts at Cardinal Stone Partners Limited, a Lagos based investment house, has this to say concerning the outlook for FO in 2017: “We expect aggregate revenue to remain flat with the anticipated rise in revenue from the Power and Lubricant divisions just sufficient enough to stem the weakness in contributions from the Fuel and Production Chemicals division. We therefore project a 5% YoY drop in revenue to N141.2 billion.
“Production costs as a percentage of sales dropped to 82% from 87% in Q1’16 and barring any material devaluation, we expect gross margin to improve to 18% from 14% in FY’16.
“Net finance costs should rise by 35% to N5.8 billion and could increase further if the company is able to raise the additional tranches of its N50 billion bond issuance program within the year. We think new capital raising requirements may be on the horizon.
“The Nigerian Electricity Regulatory Commission (NERC), is set to release a minimum recapitalization level required to be met by core investors in the power sector. Details are sketchy but investors that fail to meet this criterion will need to shore up the capital base with debt or equity contributions.
“We project a 129% rise in net profit to N6.6 billion. We have revised our target price to N110.17 (Previous: N202.87) due to the impact of a reduction in aggregate revenue and earnings growth over our five-year forecast horizon.”
 

 


















 
Tony

View all posts by Tony →


 















 
 
 Disclaimer Comments expressed here do not reflect the opinions of vanguard newspapers or any employee thereof. 




 



Latest News3:41 pmNavy changes date of 2017 recruitment exercise3:39 pmShocking video of Ex-president Jonathan’s naked house3:35 pmInadequate data hinders effective administration of property tax – don3:29 pmLagos tout falls off trailer during extortion, dies3:21 pmInterior minister Sonko to remain in jail, says Swiss authorities3:16 pmN. Korea missile launch: Take no action that’ll escalate tension, China warns3:16 pmWashington’s relationship with Russia is at “an all-time low” – Trump3:07 pmJoshua sends Klitschko into retirement2:46 pmMob burn man to death for stealing amplifier in mosque2:42 pmClark, Ijaw king Diette-Spiff lack  moral justification to give FG ultimatum, -MEND, NDPC2:24 pmBetting on Buhari’s return opens on naijabet.com2:13 pmObiano dares IPOB, inaugurates re-election campaign team2:00 pmAnambra Guber: I Am Inspired by the People – Chidoka1:47 pmCorruption: Ortom wants Tsav to prove allegations in court or be punished1:47 pmBreaking: Kogi Speaker resigns1:19 pmI am APC member “body and spirit’’ – Saraki1:15 pm2019: NASS to conclude INEC Act amendment in 2017 



SponsoredShocking! Man Discovers Strange Herb that Quickly Eradicates Any Form of Eye Problem Including Catarats, Glacuma, Shortsightedness in Less than 4 Weeks!  Dear Friend, Allow me to ask you the following questions…. Are you suffering from any type of eye problem such as...
How To Instantly Improve Your Sexual Performance TodayShocking: How A Surulere Man went From 13 seconds Of S3x to Lasting 38 Minutes. Click Here to ReadWant to get pregnant? 7 Top Questions Explained.







EditorialLooting of ex-President Jonathan’s homeThe stripping of former President Goodluck Jonathan’s home in Gwarinpa, Abuja, went beyond mere burgling. It has since b...
FG should probe Bakassi killingsSaving our bridges from collapseEdo’s outrageous anti-poor university 

#VanguardtrafficFG abolishes BSc/HND dichotomy in paramilitary servicesThe Federal Government has abolished the dichotomy between university degree holders and those of Higher National Diplom...


Most CommentedWhy is it that people can declare Oduduwa Republic, nothing will happen to them, Kanu asks470Video: Kemi Adeosun says 90 people will share 1 barrel of Nigerian oil112Lagos bus conductors to start wearing uniform from today142Before I die Lagos must become third largest economy in Africa - Obasanjo234Avoid anything that threatens Nigeria’s unity, Gowon begs youths75More than half of Nigeria’s VAT comes from Lagos  — Adeosun706Obiano dares IPOB, inaugurates re-election campaign team24 


VideosShocking video of Ex-president Jonathan’s naked houseVideo: Kemi Adeosun says 90 people will share 1 barrel of Nigerian oilWhy is it that people can declare Oduduwa Republic, nothing will happen to them, Kanu asksVideo: Police raid shrine in Ikorodu over Badoo cult killings 
TrendingMore than half of Nigeria’s VAT comes from Lagos  — AdeosunFinance Minister, Kemi Adeosun, said yesterday that more than half of Nigeria’s value added tax, VAT, comes from Lagos S...
Biafra:  Stop misleading Nigerians; IPOD, Nnamdi Kanu toldBuhari meets APC chiefs in London, says I’m laughing

 



E-editions 




 


 



 









Tip of a New DawnWhat will Nigerians do about the Senate?The ability to freely challenge government, especially when such huge corruption allegations are continuously made conce...
Read MoreScenarios with Obadiah MailafiaThe Chronicles of ConakryI AM writing this piece from Conakry, capital of Guinea. It’s my first time here, and I’m enjoying it. The locals are fr...
Read MoreOn the Spot with Eric TeniolaDr. Leton on how Federal govt cheated Niger Delta (1)Successive Commissions have recommended a special fund for the oil producing areas to take care of the continuing damage...
Read MorePeople & PoliticsFighting fire with waterWHEN  a piece of bone gets stuck in the throat, refusing to go down or come back up, do you slit the throat to remove th...
Read MoreMuhammed Adamu on ThursdayA re-make, not an amendmentParliament lords it over the people; the executive arm is hardly any less victimizing; nor are the courts any more credi...
Read MoreThe HubAssassination attempt on Anti-graft warIS it still necessary to continue to remind ourselves that in politics what people intend is often different from what t...
 

































Forte Oil



















Customer Care Line  01-277 6122  customercare@forteoilplc.comScam Alert | SiteMap | Legal


















Our Company


Forte Oil at Glance >
An overview of the Forte Oil Group, Nigeria's foremost
							integrated energy group
Milestones >
Take a look at important events that defined our coporate
							journey over the years


What We Do >
With interests in downstream operations, power generation and
							upstream services, learn more about what we do.
Our Brand >
We are set up across the energy value chain to deliver superior
							performance in the industry


Our History >
Discover our rich heritage traceable to BP's existence in
							Nigeria in 1964.
Our People >
We have the best people in the industry poised to drive growth
							and value creation.


Our Mission
To build a long-term successful company and making Forte Oil PLC the investment of choice through positive actions that boost investor confidence at all times
Our Vision
To be the foremost Integrated Energy Solutions Provider in Nigeria.



Governance
Investor Relations


Financial Performance >
Get quarterly results, Annual reports and performance forecasts




IR Contact >
Reach out to key executives on IR issues


Presentations >
Find out latest presentations on the company's operations.




The Group


Downstream Operations >
Forte Oil operates majorly in the downstream sector of the Oil
							and Gas industry as a foremost indigenous petroleum marketing
							company with a strategic


Upstream Operations >
Forte Upstream Services Limited (formerly African Petroleum
							Oilfield Services - APOS) operates in the upstream petroleum
							services sector as Forte Oil moves to.


Power Generation >
Amperion Power Distribution Company Limited (Amperion Power) is
							the power generation division of Forte Oil PLC which recently
							completed.




Media
Corporate Social Responsibility
Health & Safety
Careers
Contact Us



















Forte in the News












Downstream Operations
Forte Oil operates majorly in the downstream sector of the Oil and Gas industry as a foremost indigenous petroleum marketing company with a strategic






Upstream Operations
Forte Upstream Services Limited (formerly African Petroleum Oilfield Services - APOS) operates in the upstream petroleum services sector as Forte Oil moves to.






Power Generation
Amperion Power Distribution Company Limited (Amperion Power) is the power generation division of Forte Oil PLC which recently completed.














				Copyright © 2015. Forte Oil PLC. All rights reserved. | Whistle Blowing Hotlines 07030000026 , 07030000027 , 08088228888 , 07080601222 , 08099936366








 







Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.























Product diversion: EFCC recovers N328bn from Forte Oil, Oando, others | The Sun News















































 




























 







Latest


1st August 2017 - Egyptian model wins ‘Man of the World’ pageant
1st August 2017 - Enugu LG poll holds Nov. 4
1st August 2017 - Recession forces Argentina’s English tabloid to close after 140 years
1st August 2017 - 4 accused shot dead at Moscow court
1st August 2017 - Nigeria generates 24m tonnes of waste annually
1st August 2017 - Buhari minister get the bashing at APC Forum in Kebbi
1st August 2017 - Man City set for Spain training trip after season opener
1st August 2017 - Ex-oil minister is new Pakistani PM
1st August 2017 - Farmers petition IGP over food security, harassment of trucks drivers
1st August 2017 - Buhari’s health: Fayose’s aide attacks Itse Sagay

























Home / Business / Cover / Product diversion: EFCC recovers N328bn from Forte Oil, Oando, others







 

Product diversion: EFCC recovers N328bn from Forte Oil, Oando, others
— 27th July 2017


By Amechi Ogbonna
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) said it has recovered N328.9 billion debt owed the Feeral Government after quizzing the managing directors of nine major oil marketers, including Forte Oil, Oando and Total.
The other companies queried by the anti-graft agency are Conoil Plc, OVH Energy Plc, Mobil Plc, MRS Oil Plc, and NIPCO Oil Plc.
Wilson Uwujaren, EFCC spokesman, who disclosed this in a statement, said the recovery was sequel to a petition against the leadership of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and its subsidiary, the Pipelines and Product Marketing Company (PPMC).
Uwujaren said the petition alleged that N40 billion was diverted by the major oil marketers in connivance with the leadership of the NNPC and PPMC, following which the anti-graft agency referred the petition to a special task force that conducted discrete investigation into the matter.
“Findings by the operatives of the EFCC revealed that the oil marketers were actually indebted to the Federal Government of Nigeria to the tune of N91,519,485,204.44 between 2010 and 2016,” he explained.
“Further investigation into the allegation also revealed that the oil marketers had continued to obtain petroleum products from the government without proper payment, in violation of the NNPC/PPMC credit facility regulations; a probe of which further led to the discovery of N258,928,926,351.93.
“Following the latter discovery, the total amount of debt stands at N349,818,411,556.37.
The statement added that “Upon the conclusion of the preliminary investigation, officials of NNPC/PPMC and all the managing directors of the concerned companies which are NNPC retails, Conoil Plc, Total Plc, OVH Energy Plc, Oando Plc, Forte Oil and Gas Plc, Mobil Plc, MRS Oil Plc, and NIPCO Oil Plc were invited to the Kano zonal office of the commission where their statements were recorded following which the recovery process commenced.
“So far, a sum of N328,988,296,990.62 has been recovered from the major oil marketers.
“The outstanding debt now stands at N20,765,919,869.48.”

Miracle fruit improves EYESIGHT - can help stop use of glasses in 30 days
BREAKING: 23 yrs boy started importation with N10,450. Read his story here!





Financial Empowerment: Get financially stable and get multiplied income today. Register Here!!
7 Amazing steps to earn your first N300,000 online. CLICK HERE!
Diabetes is curable! Don't let it threaten you! To normalize Your Blood sugar in 21 days for life, Click here!!!


 

Share this Post:










About author




Uche Atuma







Leave a reply Cancel 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Your comment (required):


Name (required):



Email (required):



Website


 

 




Latest





Egyptian model wins ‘Man of the World’ pageant
— 1st August 2017
A 26-year-old Egyptian fashion model has been crowned “Man of the World” this week at a competition in the Philippines that promotes “masculinity with responsibility.” A total of 27 contestants came to the city of Pasay from around the world to win the title snatched by Egyptian Mustafa Galal Elezali. “History has been made,” Elezali wrote…








Enugu LG poll holds Nov. 4
— 1st August 2017
From: Chidi Nnadi, Enugu The Enugu State Independent Electoral Commission (ENSIEC) has announced that it would hold elections to the local government council in the state on November 4. ENSIEC Chairman, Dr. Mike Ajogwu (SAN), who announced this, on Tuesday, during the presentation of the commission’s mandate before political leaders, traditional rulers, leaders of different…







Recession forces Argentina’s English tabloid to close after 140 years
— 1st August 2017
The Buenos Aires Herald, a storied English-language newspaper lauded for its coverage of Argentina’s 1976-1983 military dictatorship, will close after more than 140 years of publication, the newspaper said, late on Monday. “Herald’s staff have been informed that the newspaper is closing,” the paper said in a Twitter message, along with a photo of the…







4 accused shot dead at Moscow court
— 1st August 2017
Four people standing trial in a Moscow court were killed, on Tuesday, in a gunfight that broke out in the court building, a lawyer for the defendants said. The lawyer, Diana Tatosova, told Reuters by telephone that she was told by the chief investigator in the case that of the 11 defendants in the court,…







Nigeria generates 24m tonnes of waste annually
— 1st August 2017
Nigeria currently generates 24 million tonnes of waste annually at refuse dumpsites across the country, an environmental expert has said. Dr Chukwukelo Chukwogo, the Managing Director of Boskel Nigeria, made the claim in the official bulletin of University of Port Harcourt (UNIPORT), a copy of which was given to News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in…



 
 








Entertainment





Indiscipline, decadence should be checked in schools – veteran actor
— 30th July 2017
A veteran actor and Theatre Director, Lari Williams, on Sunday advised parents and school administrators to emphasise discipline and morals in the training of school children. Williams spoke at the end of the enactment of his play, “The people’s Court’’ and some of his poems, by children of Holy Family School, in Lagos. He told the News…


South-West Report





UNIOSUN students:  Preys for money rituals
— 27th July 2017
From Clement Adeyi, Osogbo When former governor Olagunsoye Oyinlola established the Osun State University (UNIOSUN), Osogbo, in 2006, it was joy galore for the people, particularly the youth. They heaved a sigh of relief that 15 years after its creation by the late General Sani Abacha’s administration, it could boast of its own university. It was…


 


Abuja Metro





Minister pledges crackdown against criminals on Abuja-Kaduna road
— 27th July 2017
The Minister of Interior, retired Lt.-Gen Abdulrahman Dambazau, has‎ pledged the Federal Government’s determination to eliminate kidnapping and armed robbery on the Abuja-Kaduna highway and other parts of the country. ‎ ‎ The minister made the pledge when he‎ visited the joint Military/ Police operational base recently established at Rijana in Kaduna State and communities around…


Oriental News





Enugu police evacuates unexploded civil war bomb in Oji River
— 27th July 2017
Many years after the Nigeria civil war ended, the Enugu State Police Command said it had successfully evacuated suspected a leftover bomb in Oji River community. It would be recalled that Oji River axis of the state was a battle field during the Nigeria – Biafra civil war that ended in January 1970. The command’s…


 


Features





Port  Harcourt residents count loses, as flood wreaks havoc in garden city
— 1st August 2017
From TONY JOHN, Port Harcourt                                     Residents of  Port Harcourt and neighbouring towns, in Rivers State, will not forget the downpour of Saturday, July  22 and Sunday, July 23,  in a hurry.  The rain destroyed unquantifiable property  and…


Literary Review





Olalekan Ajayi:  The poet is the guardian of the word
— 22nd July 2017
Born in Owo, Ondo State, Nigeria, Olalekan Joseph Ajayi is a poet, scriptwriter and has practised as a researcher and journalist.  He discovered his talents as a student at the Edo State University (now Ambrose Alli University), Ekpoma, Nigeria. At various times during his undergraduate days, Ajayi served as President, Poetry Club and Editor of…


 


Lifeline





Drive-by robbers on motorbikes return to Lagos roads
— 1st August 2017
•Bandits operating on okada target women, as police warn hoodlums By Cosmas Omegoh Handbag snatchers are on the rampage again in Lagos. They prowl busy and lonely streets, targeting ladies’ handbags,which they believe contain money, cell phones and other valuables.  According to Daily Sun’s investigations, the robbers operate in pairs on motorcycles. While one rides…


Education Review





Boosting girl-child education
— 1st August 2017
• How Bauchi is setting pace for northern states by enrolment drive via Girls-4-Girls Project From Paul Orude, Bauchi Efforts to promote girl- child education in Bauchi State received a boost recently with the launch of the Girls for Girls (G4G), targeting 100 schools in the state. The Sun Education understands that the G4G project…


 


Marketing Matters





Indomie, Coca-Cola, Delta State come out tops at 2016 ADVAN Awards
— 30th November 2016
It was a unique gathering of major stakeholders in Nigeria’s marketing industry when the Advertisers Association of Nigeria (ADVAN) rolled out the red carpet to celebrate outstanding achievers at the 2016 ADVAN Awards for Marketing Excellence at the MUSON Centre, Onikan, Lagos, last weekend. The event threw up new champions who would bask in the…


TSWeekend





My passion for  the girl child –Chidinma Okeke, singer
— 28th July 2017
By Tony Ogaga Model and former beauty queen, Chidinma Okeke, is determined to make her mark in the Nigerian music industry. Signed to OUK Records, the Sociology undergraduate of Nnamdi Azikiwe University, Awka, Anambra State, dropped her debut single, ‘Friends’ in May, and it has since been making waves. In this chat with Entertainer, Okeke…


 







Columnists 








All roads lead to London
— 1st August 2017

Up until President Muhammadu Buhari’s wife, Aisha, openly expressed her outrage and disgust at state governors and political party leaders whom she believed had taken advantage of Buhari’s ill health to play games in his absence, we didn’t experience the kind of unprecedented desire by just about all governors and duplicitous politicians to buy air…










2019: Nigeria’s easiest electoral wins
— 31st July 2017

I HAD almost rounded off this entry last Wednesday when the Senate went on ‘constitutional rampage,’ which is how I tagged their approval spree of clauses for amendment. The following day, this piece received double fillip as the other half of the National Assembly, the House of Representatives, followed suit. The thinking is that, from…










Unemployment: APC clueless & hapless (1)
— 31st July 2017

RECENTLY, a national newspaper carried a report on how Nigerians were bemoaning the rate of unemployment in the country and the need for action. Is it not contradictory that we get to read that our economy is blossoming and in the same breath, official statistics indicate a gloomy and frightening unemployment profile? Even in the…










Nigeria: Our ancestors are responsible
— 31st July 2017

Two months ago, the Federal Government, the 36 states and their local government areas had so far shared N1.4 trillion from the federation account, being revenue generated in the first quarter of 2017. The breakdown was contained in the monthly Federation Account Allocation Committee (FAAC). The key agencies that remit funds into the federation account…










When you’re sexually attracted to your brother or sister in-law
— 30th July 2017

Last week, a lady shared her story on how her elder sister’s husband tried to rape her and how she struggled and finally escaped his beastly claws.  Her sister wasn’t home when all this was happening and when she came home she found out her sister’s demeanor had changed. She disrespected her husband and told…










Burn-out!   The 4 lives to live
— 30th July 2017

The burn-out I am experiencing presently is the reason I cannot serve a Bisi- original today. Physical exhaustion from writing books and columns! But this alert is good. With the current pace of life all over the world, burn out afflicts many people – rich man, poor man, CEO, sweeper, Governor, minister, all. Here, health…










Tumbu fly and a visit to Kuje prisons
— 30th July 2017

The discussion of tumbu fly today was necessitated by a special request from a friend in Lagos. I diagnosed him of tumbu fly, outside Kuje prisons in Abuja. We had visited the inmates on a social excursion. He was astounded and dumbfounded that at his level he could contract such a bug associated with dirty…










Not too young to lead
— 30th July 2017

It is amazing, even amusing, how Nigeria pops up in the global oddity chart. The country is one huge mass of paradoxes. Imagine a nation barbed on one end by the Atlantic Ocean and innervated by two rivers (Niger and Benue) with pockets of other water bodies yet imports fish, has no functional public potable…










Toyin Falola, Nigerian History and the African Humanities
— 30th July 2017

My celebratory critique of those I have been calling intellectual heroes and heroines has the objective of not just achieving some sort of breakdown of Nigeria’s intellectual history. More importantly, it is meant to outline, in a critical manner, the contributions of these figures to the rethinking and the reinvention of Nigeria’s historicity and national…










FAYOSE AND THE LONDON PICTURES
— 30th July 2017

There were days in my recent past that I wished I had 48 hours to spend in a day. Last Monday was one of them. After listening to Governor Rochas Okorocha of Imo State on that evening’s FOCUS ON AFRICA programme on the British Broadcasting Corporation, BBC, I resolved to rush home to watch it…










 


  







Home
About Us
Paper Ad Rate
Online Ad Rate
The Team
Contact Us
 





Archive
August 2017


M
T
W
T
F
S
S




« Jul
 
 




 123456


78910111213


14151617181920


21222324252627


28293031
 


 


Enquiries Take advantage of our impressive statistics, advertise your brands and products on this site.
Call Uche on +234-805-633-4351




 


 Editor, Online: Ikenna Emewu
 












































變頻器,PLC控制器,安川代理商,國際牌代理商,視覺對位系統,歐姆龍控制器


































繁體中文 │  English










可程式控制器的人機介面



公司簡介  服務項目 產品介紹公司位置 聯絡我們





鑫弘展企業有限公司屬於自動化電機電子類產品的貿易商，提供國內外客戶所需各項產品外，更引進國外先進技術，協助客戶系統的規劃、諮詢、技術的支援及問題的克服，而不是單純的買賣業，而自動化是世界的趨勢，需結合電子、電機、資訊、網路、機械......等等領域，運用各種最先進技術，來達成客戶的需求，而且為了增加客戶的需求，還附屬室內裝潢業的導入來跟進世界的趨勢讓生活有更高的品質，如智慧型住宅、節能減碳、太陽能......等等，可以讓顧客一次購足別再尋找其他商品的時間，除此之外，本公司朝向經營多元化、產業多角化、系統整合方案、商品多樣化的目標來發展，來提供客戶最好的服務。







專業的貿易商滿足您的所有需求



聯絡電話:02-2848-3135    傳真:02-2848-8271    聯絡地址:24743新北市蘆洲區民族路506號5樓
        Copyright    ©    2013 變頻器-鑫弘展企業有限公司. All Rights Reserved. Design by web5000 網頁設計.


Sitemap 三菱代理商 歐姆龍代理商









Forte Oil Plc Jobs in Nigeria August 2017 | Jobs in Nigeria












































Employers, Post Job





Jobs
Job Tips
Training & Courses
CV Service








Register 

 Login   |











 
 
 


Jobs by State ￬

Lagos Jobs
Abuja Jobs
Rivers Jobs
Enugu Jobs
Akwa Ibom Jobs
Delta Jobs
Ogun Jobs
» View All States
 


Jobs by Region ￬

South West
North Central
South South
North East
South East
North West
 


Jobs by Field ￬

Administration / Secretarial Jobs
Sales / Marketing Jobs
Engineering / Technical Jobs
Finance / Accounting / Audit Jobs
Information Technology ( ICT ) Jobs
Medical / Health Jobs
Oil and Gas / Energy Jobs
Education / Teaching Jobs
Transportation and Driving Jobs
Human Resources / HR Jobs
Media / Advertising / Branding Jobs
Logistics Jobs
Customer Care Jobs
Pharmaceutical Jobs
Graduate Jobs
» View All Fields
 


Jobs by Education ￬

First School Leaving Certificate (FSLC)
Secondary School (SSCE)
NCE
OND
BA/BSc/HND
MBA/MSc/MA
PhD/Fellowship
Vocational
Others
 


Jobs by Industry ￬

 ICT / Telecommunications
NGO / Non-Profit Associations
Oil and Gas / Energy / Marine
Manufacturing / FMCG
Banking / Financial Services
Healthcare / Medical
Education / Teaching
Engineering / Power / Energy
Media / Radio / TV
Government Agencies
» View All Industries
 


Jobs by Date ￬

Today
Yesterday
This Week
Last Week
This Month
Last Month
 



 




Forte Oil Plc

Industry Oil and Gas / Marine 
FoundedN / A
TypePublic
Website http://www.forteoilplc.com 
Address13, Walter Carrington Crescent, Victoria Island, Lagos P.O. BOX 512, P.M.B. 12690, Marina, Lagos.




Latest Jobs / Vacancies in Nigeria at Forte Oil Plc

Project Engineer
 Forte Oil is an indigenous petroleum marketing company with structured operations and strategic policies to continuously improve product delivery to its customers. Forte Oil is renowned for her ability to offer her consumers a wide range of products from the oil value c[...]
Date Posted: 22 Jun 2017 

Retail Sales Representatives
 Forte Oil is an indigenous petroleum marketing company with structured operations and strategic policies to continuously improve product delivery to its customers. Forte Oil is renowned for her ability to offer her consumers a wide range of products from the oil value c[...]
Date Posted: 19 Apr 2017 



 

Business Manager Aviation (Marketing and Operations)
 Forte Oil is an indigenous petroleum marketing company with structured operations and strategic policies to continuously improve product delivery to its customers. Forte Oil is renowned for her ability to offer her consumers a wide range of products from the oil value c[...]
Date Posted: 19 Apr 2017 

Human Resource Officer
 Forte Oil is an indigenous petroleum marketing company with structured operations and strategic policies to continuously improve product delivery to its customers. Forte Oil is renowned for her ability to offer her consumers a wide range of products from the oil value c[...]
Date Posted: 31 Mar 2016 

IT/Systems Audit Manager
 Forte Oil is an indigenous petroleum marketing company with structured operations and strategic policies to continuously improve product delivery to its customers. Forte Oil is renowned for her ability to offer her consumers a wide range of products from the oil value c[...]
Date Posted: 03 Dec 2015 

Accounts/Logistics Assistant
 We are a foremost indigenous major marketer of refined petroleum products with a strong presence in the thirty-six states of Nigeria and Abuja. With well over 500 Forte Oil owned, dealer-assisted and dealer-developed retail outlets spread across the country, a major fu[...]
Date Posted: 03 Nov 2015 

Laboratory Assistant
 Purpose Statement :    To ensure laboratory tests are carried out according to laid down procedures and perform tests as assigned by laboratory & Technical Support Manager.Key Accountabilities:  
Perform sampling and all laboratory analys[...]
Date Posted: 03 Nov 2015 



 

Warehouse Assistant
 Reports To: Warehouse Supervisor Job Band: TBA Function: Operations Sub Function: Purpose Statement
Assist with the day-to-day operations at Forte Upstream Services’ warehouses, ensuring efficient stock receipt, handling and dispatch.
Key Accountabilitie[...]
Date Posted: 03 Nov 2015 

Safety Officer
 Key Accountabilities:
Ensure that all critical equipment are maintained and in good working condition.
Document all incident reporting and investigation procedures and ensure timely reporting of incidents and near-misses.
Assist in conducting training of employees[...]
Date Posted: 16 Sep 2015 

Non Fuel Revenue Team Lead
 Purpose Statement:   
Coordination, implementation and monitoring of Forte’s NFR strategy and objectives.
Effective supervision of NFR operations.
Develop new NFR ideas and partnerships as well as improve and/or expand on existing partnerships.[...]
Date Posted: 01 Sep 2015 

Senior Security Advisor
  
Reports To: General Services Manager
Job Band: TBA
Function: Corporate Services
Sub Function: N/A
Location: Lagos
Purpose Statement:
To safeguard Forte facilities, installations and staff by ensuring the deployment of efficient and effective security inf[...]
Date Posted: 31 Aug 2015 

Systems Audit Manager
 Purpose Statement:To plan, execute and coordinate Forte Oils’ enterprise-wide IT audit reviews to ensure confidentiality, integrity and availability of management information systems deployed to support Forte Oils’ Business processes. Key Accountabilities:[...]
Date Posted: 10 Aug 2015 

Plant Maintenance Engineer
 Purpose Statement:Coordinate and execute planned, preventive maintenance exercises and serve as first line support in resolving technical issues such as equipment breakdown and faults in support of production plants operationsKey Accountabilities:
Perform routine ins[...]
Date Posted: 10 Aug 2015 

Operations Planner
 Purpose Statement:To monitor, plan and forecast products to meet consumer demand. The purpose is to increase efficiency, improve customer service, decrease waste and lower costs. In fulfilling the job duties, the Operations Planner will contribute to the bottom line and[...]
Date Posted: 10 Aug 2015 

Senior Security Adviser
 Job Description
Coordinate and ensure adequate communication of approved security policies, procedures and measures to all staff
Monitor the effectiveness of security systems on an on-going basis and make appropriate recommendations as required.
Identify and recomm[...]
Date Posted: 04 Aug 2015 
 


1

View All Jobs in Nigeria Today







 
About Forte Oil Plc

Forte Oil is an indigenous petroleum marketing company with structured operations and strategic policies to continuously improve product delivery to its customers. Forte Oil is renowned for her ability to offer her consumers a wide range of products from the oil value chain; PMS, diesel, aviation fuel, kerosene, commercial gas and a wide range of lubricants for various automobiles and machines. A major player in the downstream sector of the Nigerian oil and gas sector, Forte Oil prides itself on delivering prompt, quality and effective services to our customers nationwide.
our vision

"To be the foremost integrated energy solutions provider in Nigeria".
our mission

"Building a long - term successful company and making Forte Oil PLC the investment of choice through positive actions that boost investor confidence at all times".
Our focus is to continuously improve our services and expand our business network in Nigeria and to other countries in Africa.
Our Marketing and Sales Teams are structured into units inorder to strategically deliver our products to achieve both Customer satisfaction and market leadership within the downstream Oil and gas sector 
Forte Oil also manufactures and markets a wide range of high quality lubricants at our 50,000 - metric tonne lubricants blending plant at the Forte Oil Apapa installation.



Related Companies
Hobark International Limited (HIL)
CS Offshore
Funtay Global Resources Ltd
Nicole Sinclair Consulting
Petrok Oil and Gas
Robert Walters
Nolands Nigeria
Alvy Consulting



Saw an advert on myjobmag.com. myjobmag.com is the number one job site I recommend to people. Good job guys!

Human Resources Manager at Anonymous 


People are getting jobs daily!
Share Your Story »







Enter your email to be the first to know about all jobs in Nigeria 





Enter one word that best describes the job you are looking for








Available Jobs in Nigeria Today
MyJobMag.com is a fast growing job website in Nigeria. We offer you the latest jobs and vacancies in Nigeria today.
We assist job seekers by providing latest and verified job adverts and career information from employers and recruiters in all Nigerian states. We ensure candidates get to apply for insider job vacancies that go unadvertised both online and in newspapers. Our job services are FREE ie. we do not expect jobseekers to pay for our career services. Subscribe to MyJobMag via the following channels: email, Facebook, Twitter, Blackberry:
C001EA272





Candidates
Job Listing
CV Rewrite Service
Trainings & Courses
Career Tips & Info
Testimonials
Learn on Square




Companies
Let Us Shortlist For You
Post a Job
Advertise Courses
Advertise Services




Sharing
Job Widget
Detailed RSS Feed
Summarized RSS Feed
Sitemap (HTML)




Extras
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use



 
 





Copyright © 2017 MyJobMag | Email: services@myjobmag.com 234-8121633133







 








Forte Oil Plc Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 

















Home  Company reports search  Forte Oil Plc     







 


 Nigeria                
Forte Oil Plc
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Petroleum and Coal Products Manufacturing
Available in: English
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Legal Address
                                13, Walter Carrington Crescent,Victoria Island,P.O Box 512                                
                                Lagos;                                Lagos;                                Map 


Tel: +234-1-277,+234-1-277
Fax: +234-1-277




Email:
@forteoilplc.com                            

Website:
http://www.forteoilplc.com 



 

Company Description                    




                        Forte Oil is an indigenous pertroleum marketing company with structured operations and  strategic policies to continuously improve product delivery to its customers. Forte Oil is renowned for her ability to offer her consumers a wide range of products from the oil value chain; PMS, diesel, aviation fuel, kerosene, commercial gas and a wide range of lubricants for various automobiles and machines.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 



















Forte Oil Plc - FO: stock quote, company profile & share news








Thursday, Aug 03, 2017

















Forte Oil Plc



Home
Africa
Nigeria
The Nigeria Stock Exchange





Company Profile
Company Financial
Company News
Company Peers



Key Annual Results for Forte Oil Plc








Select Forte Oil Plc Peer Annual Results Comparison








Company Details


Name
Forte Oil Plc


Other Name(s)



Previous Name(s)
African Petroleum plcAP plc


Number of Employees
--


Nature of Business
Forte Oil Plc is an indigenous pertroleum marketing company with structured operations and strategic policies to continuously improve product delivery to its customers. Forte Oil is renowned for it's ability to offer it's consumers a wide range of products from the oil value chain; PMS, diesel, aviation fuel, kerosene, commercial gas and a wide range of lubricants for various automobiles and machines. A major player in the downstream sector of the Nigerian oil and gas sector, Forte Oil prides itself in delivering prompt, quality and effective services to our customers nationwide.


Other Equity Listing by Forte Oil Plc




Name
Ticker
Exch
Ctry
ISIN
Crncy
Price
Chg
% Chg
Date



Major Shareholder (> 5% Holdings)


Name
Country
Shares
% Holding
Website


Significant Subsidiaries and Associates


Name
Country
% Holding
Website


Select Forte Oil Plc Peer Annual Results Distribution








Select Forte Oil Plc Peer EPS vs. DPS Distribution








Select Forte Oil Plc Peer EPS vs. PE Distribution













Key Numbers
Fiscal Year End31st December



2014 Sales in millions (1 Year Sales Growth)
--
(--)


2014 Net Income in millions (1 Year Net Income Growth)
--
(--)





Annual Income Summary (in millions except EPS and DPS data)


 
--
--
Dec 31, 2014
Dec 31, 2013


Sales
--
--
170,127.98
128,027.74


Gross Profit
--
--
18,464.93
12,261.24


Pre-Tax Income
--
--
6,006.30
6,524.55


Net Income
--
--
4,456.62
5,004.40


Average Shares
--
--
--
1,302.48


EPS
--
--
2.20
4.32


DPS
--
--
--
--



Quarterly Income Summary (in millions except EPS and DPS data)


 
--
--
--
--


Sales
--
--
--
--


Gross Profit
--
--
--
--


Pre-Tax Income
--
--
--
--


Net Income
--
--
--
--


Average Shares
--
--
--
--


EPS
--
--
--
--


DPS
--
--
--
--



Annual Balance Sheet Summary (in millions)



--
--
Dec 31, 2014
Dec 31, 2013


Cash & Equivalents
--
--
--
--


Total Current Assets
--
--
--
--


Long Term Debt
--
--
--
--


Total Liabilities
--
--
--
--


Share Holder Equity
--
--
--
--



Annual Cash Flow Summary (in millions)



--
--
Dec 31, 2014
Dec 31, 2013


Net Cash from Operations
--
--
2,165.30
67.67


Net Cash from Investing
--
--
-2,370.16
-37,455.74


Net Cash from Financing
--
--
-2,100.86
45,290.82


Net Increase/Decrease in Cash
--
--
-2,305.72
7,902.75





Latest Company News


Latest Company Press Releases
AG. MD/CEO VISITS AP GHANA
African Petroleum plc - 20 Oct, 2010
Ag. MD/CEO VISITS AP GHANA Acting Managing Director/CEO, Mr. Mike Ahme recently paid a working visit to AP Ghana (APOG) to see firsthand the rapid development of our operations in the country. He was received by the General Manager, APOG, Mr. Nikita Oluade along with other key staff of the company. Mr. Ahme during his visit, met with the Chairman, APOG, General Hamidu; Director APOG, Wing Commander Owoo; CEO, Holimah Petroleum Ltd., William Tewiah and other key stakeholders in our Ghana operations. Several AP stations in the country were also inspected during his visit.
AP SET TO TAKE OVER THE AVIATION MARKET
African Petroleum plc - 30 May, 2006
African Petroleum Plc commissioned its multi million-naira aviation sales office, at the local depot of Murtala Mohammed airport Lagos.
Chairman's year 2006 Award Night Speech
African Petroleum plc - 07 April, 2006
On behalf of the Board of Directors, Management and staff of AP Plc, I thank you all for honouring our invitation to this occasion, which has been arranged for the purpose of recognizing some of our stakeholders, who have gone the extra mile in making AP what it is.
Maiden Press Address By The New Chairman of AP PLC
African Petroleum plc - 16 Mar, 2006
It is my pleasure to meet with you in my capacity as the Chairman of African Petroleum Plc, to make your acquaintance and to brief you on the current events in AP Plc.


Company Market Announcements


Company Research Reports


Local Industry News Headlines
The Launch of the Official Nigeria Energy Calculator 2050
African Press Organization - APO - 03 Nov, 2015
African oil & gas organisations plan for an upturn in the oil price: PwC survey
African Press Organization - APO - 05 Aug, 2015
Large-Scale Clean-up of Oil Pollution in Ogoniland Discussed in Abuja / Federal Government of Nigeria Convenes Meeting on Implementation of Recommendations of 2011 UNEP Assessment
African Press Organization - APO - 16 Sep, 2014
Atlantic Energy Co-CEO, Kola Aluko predicts indigenous companies to account for over 30% of oil and gas production in Nigeria within 5 years
African Press Organization - APO - 09 Dec, 2013
Africa Oil & Gas, Finance & Investment Forum 2013 will be held in Dubai on 22-23 October 2013
African Press Organization - APO - 29 April, 2013
Atlantic Energy: How Indigenous Companies are Transforming the Nigerian Oil and Gas Industry
African Press Organization - APO - 06 Mar, 2013
LISTING BY INTRODUCTION OF BECO PETROLEUM PRODUCTS PLC
Nigerian Stock Exchange - 06 Jan, 2009
 Acorn Petroleum Limited Private Placement Memorandum
Acorn Petroleum Limited - 10 Dec, 2007
 Japaul Abriged Prospectus
Japaul Oil and Maritime Services plc - 24 Sep, 2007
Japaul won $48.3m contract
Japaul Oil and Maritime Services plc - 01 Sep, 2007


Regional Industry News Headlines
 SacOil Joins Consortium to Develop  Equatorial Guinea"s Bioko Oil Terminal
African Press Organization - APO - 09 Nov, 2015
 Launch the  Skills for Oil and Gas Africa  (SOGA) 4th November 2015
African Press Organization - APO - 03 Nov, 2015
 Equatorial Guinea Expands Scope of Major Crude Oil and Petroleum Tank Farm Project
African Press Organization - APO - 30 Oct, 2015
 Equatorial Guinea Promotes New Offshore Exploration in 2016
African Press Organization - APO - 29 Oct, 2015
 Key women address challenges and opportunities for women in mining
African Press Organization - APO - 09 Oct, 2015
 Endeavour Mining reports successful Agbaou (Ivory Coast) exploration drilling including delineation of high grade zones
African Press Organization - APO - 17 Aug, 2015
 Vivo Energy Ghana Rewards Shell Customers in First Draw
African Press Organization - APO - 03 Nov, 2014
 Oil & Gas Workshop  French Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Ghana
African Press Organization - APO - 24 Oct, 2014
 IFC Finances Delonex Energy to Support Oil and Gas Exploration in East and Central Africa
African Press Organization - APO - 21 Nov, 2013
  Ghana Oil Company Limited (GOIL) Prospectus
Ghana Oil Company Limited (GOIL) - 04 Sep, 2007







 Industry Peers




 Annual Income Summary (in millions except EPS and DPS data)


Company
Country
Exchange
Ticker
Currency
Price
Chg
% Chg 	
Date


Shell Cote d'Ivoire

BRVM
SHEC
XOF
160,000.00
+0.00
+0.00%
01 Aug


Total  Fina Elf Oil Côte d'Ivoire

BRVM
TTLC
XOF
17,000.00
+500.00
+3.03%
01 Aug


Egypt Gas

CASE
EGAS
EGP
54.87
-0.86
-1.54%
28 Dec


Industrial Gases

CASE
INGA
EGP
52.34
+0.00
+0.00%
28 Dec


Maridive & oil services

CASE
MOIL
USD
0.26
+0.00
+0.00%
28 Dec


National Gas Company (NATGAS)

CASE
NATG
EGP
28.23
+0.00
+0.00%
28 Dec


Ghana Oil Company Limited (GOIL)

GSE
GOIL
GHC
0.99
-0.05
-4.81%
30 Nov


Mobil Oil Ghana Limited

GSE
MOGL
GHC
 
 
 
 


Tema Oil Refinery Limited

GSE
TOR
GHC
 
 
 
 


Total Petroleum Ghana Limited

GSE
TOTAL
GHC
2.00
+0.00
+0.00%
30 Nov


Acorn Petroleum Limited

NSE
ACORN
NGN
 
 
 
 


Afroil plc

NSE
AFROIL
NGN
 
 
 
 


Capital Oil plc

NSE
CAPOIL
NGN
 
 
 
 


Chevron Oil Nigeria plc

NSE
CHEVRON
NGN
 
 
 
 


Conoil Nigeria plc

NSE
CONOIL
NGN
 
 
 
 


Eterna Oil and Gas plc

NSE
ETERNAOIL
NGN
 
 
 
 


Japaul Oil and Maritime Services plc

NSE
JAPAULOIL
NGN
 
 
 
 


Mobil Oil Nigeria plc

NSE
MOBIL
NGN
 
 
 
 


Oando plc

NSE
OANDO
NGN
 
 
 
 


Rak Unity Petroleum Company plc

NSE
RAKUNITY
NGN
 
 
 
 


Total Nigeria plc

NSE
TOTAL
NGN
 
 
 
 


Tropical Petroleum Products plc

NSE
TROPICPET
NGN
 
 
 
 


Union Ventures and Petroleum plc

NSE
UNIONVENT
NGN
 
 
 
 








Forte Oil Plc Peer Group Traded Volumes















Forte Oil Plc Peer Group Traded Values















Forte Oil Plc Peer Group Annual Results Distribution















Forte Oil Plc Peer Group EPS vs DPS Distribution


















Security Profile

Sector

Oil & Ga Producers


Industry


Oil & Gas


Stock Exchange


The Nigeria Stock Exchange





Country


Nigeria








Security Name


Forte Oil Plc


Security Information


Security Type
Ordinary 


Ticker
FO 


Reuters Code
 


ISIN
NGAP00000004 


Year Listed
 


 


View more details at AfricanInvestor





Contact Details


Address


13, Walter Carrington Crescent 


Victoria Island 


Lagos, Nigeria 


 


Phone


+234-1-2776100 -29 


 


Fax


+234-1-2776129 


 


Email


corp-comm@forteoilplc.com 


 


Primary Website


www.forteoilplc.com 

Top Headlines


Nigeria Validates the African Union Report on Banking Services in Nigeria
Sage launches new Human Resources Management solution for Nigerian mid-size and large enterprises
MainOne, Microsoft present Data Center, Cloud Solutions at Business Seminar
Africa Finance Corporation Completes Corporate  Restructuring with the Appointment of Sanjeev Gupta
MainOne's Tier III Data Center, MDX-i partners Microsoft on Cloud Computing
MainOne's Tier III Data Center is first PCI DSS, ISO 27001 Certified Data Center in Nigeria
Our Focus in General Electric Nigeria is to Develop Local Expertise " Lazarus Angbazo
Lazarus Angbazo Announces General Electric's 10-year Safety Milestone in Nigeria
Mr. Roberts U. Orya, the MD/CEO of the Nigerian Export-Import Bank (NEXIM) elected as the Honorary President of the Global Network of Export-Import Banks and Development Finance Institutions (G-NEXID)
Back for a 5th year, Mobile West Africa 2015 garners industry-wide support

Most Viewed Business News







Top
Copyright 2005 - 2015 moneyhub.net All Rights Reserved





Product diversion: EFCC recovers N328bn from Forte Oil, Oando, others | 4-Traders













































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East» More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100» More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD» More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM» More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  NIGERIAN STOCK EXCHANGE,THE  >  Forte Oil PLC    FO   NGAP00000004










     FORTE OIL PLC (FO)     


Add to my list    

Mes dernières consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







No quotes available

--
NGN
 
--.--%










07/27 PRODUCT DIVERSI : EFCC recovers N328bn from Forte Oil, Oando, others


07/26 FORTE OIL : Nigerian stocks hit new two-year highs led by banking se..


07/23 FORTE OIL : JULY 23 PRICE LIST FOR MUTUAL FUNDS, REITS and ETFS

 







SummaryNewsCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




Product diversion: EFCC recovers N328bn from Forte Oil, Oando, others 



































0






07/27/2017 | 07:38am CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields





By Amechi Ogbonna
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) said it has recovered N328.9 billion debt owed the Feeral Government after quizzing the managing directors of nine major oil marketers, including Forte Oil, Oando and Total.
The other companies queried by the anti-graft agency are Conoil Plc, OVH Energy Plc, Mobil Plc, MRS Oil Plc, and NIPCO Oil Plc.
Wilson Uwujaren, EFCC spokesman, who disclosed this in a statement, said the recovery was sequel to a petition against the leadership of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) and its subsidiary, the Pipelines and Product Marketing Company (PPMC).
Uwujaren said the petition alleged that N40 billion was diverted by the major oil marketers in connivance with the leadership of the NNPC and PPMC, following which the anti-graft agency referred the petition to a special task force that conducted discrete investigation into the matter.
“Findings by the operatives of the EFCC revealed that the oil marketers were actually indebted to the Federal Government of Nigeria to the tune of N91,519,485,204.44 between 2010 and 2016,” he explained.
“Further investigation into the allegation also revealed that the oil marketers had continued to obtain petroleum products from the government without proper payment, in violation of the NNPC/PPMC credit facility regulations; a probe of which further led to the discovery of N258,928,926,351.93.
“Following the latter discovery, the total amount of debt stands at N349,818,411,556.37.
The statement added that “Upon the conclusion of the preliminary investigation, officials of NNPC/PPMC and all the managing directors of the concerned companies which are NNPC retails, Conoil Plc, Total Plc, OVH Energy Plc, Oando Plc, Forte Oil and Gas Plc, Mobil Plc, MRS Oil Plc, and NIPCO Oil Plc were invited to the Kano zonal office of the commission where their statements were recorded following which the recovery process commenced.
“So far, a sum of N328,988,296,990.62 has been recovered from the major oil marketers.
“The outstanding debt now stands at N20,765,919,869.48.”(c)  2017 The Sun Publishing Limited. All Rights Reserved. Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info)., source Middle East & North African Newspapers




















































0






 






Latest news on FORTE OIL PLC




07/30 Stock market hits two year high

07/27 Stock market hits two year high

07/27 PRODUCT DIVERSION : EFCC recovers N328bn from Forte Oil, Oando, others

07/26 FORTE OIL : Nigerian stocks hit new two-year highs led by banking sector

07/26 FORTE OIL : Blue Chip stocks pushes capialisation above N12trn mark

07/23 FORTE OIL : JULY 23 PRICE LIST FOR MUTUAL FUNDS, REITS and ETFS

07/16 FORTE OIL : Agusto & Co, GCR Assign Forte Oil Investment Grade Ratings

07/14 FORTE OIL : OVH Energy, Interswitch, others partner on fuel retailing

07/13 Analysts bet on Lafarge, Forte Oil, others for high returns

07/11 FORTE OIL : Interswitch Partners OVH Energy, Forte Oil, Rainoil on Fuel Retailin..



More news

 


 





Financials ( NGN)
 




            Sales             2017            
172 123 M 

            EBIT             2017            
7 956 M 

            Net income             2017            
- 

            Debt 2017            
15 900 M 

            Yield             2017            
- 





            P/E ratio 2017            
            -            

            P/E ratio 2018            


            
            EV / Sales 2017            
            
0,53x 

            EV / Sales 2018
            
0,47x 

            Capitalization            
            
74 893 M 



More Financials


Income Statement Evolution
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Financials


Consensus


                        Sell
                   








Buy
                   


 

Mean consensus

    HOLD    
Number of Analysts

    3    
Average target price

80,0  NGN 
Spread / Average Target

39% 


Consensus details
 





Managers
 





 NameTitleAkinwunmi Akinfemiwa
Group Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director
Olufemi Peter Otedola
Chairman
Taiwo Babatunde
Head-Business Operations
Julius Babatunde Omodayo-Owotuga
Group Chief Financial Officer & Executive Director
Adeboye Adegbemiro
Head-Engineering & Projects
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

FORTE OIL PLC204





SASOL LIMITED-2.14%19 605


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :Börse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright © 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave







Forte Lubricants - Forté UK Home page

















	Forté UK Home page












Forte









Your Technical Questions Answered




Problem with a MERCEDES C220 2.2 L CDi…


                        EML on and fault code stored for a DPF fault, suspect DPF blocked - The fault was cured by removing…
                    
Find out more ►



Problem with a BMW MINI COOPER 1.6 D…


                        Engine cutting out and excessive black smoke, EML on fault code stored 407E EGR fault - After…
                    
Find out more ►



Problem with a BMW MINI COOPER 2006…


                        Manual gearbox noisy - The fault was cured by adding Forté Diff & Gear Treatment and…
                    
Find out more ►



Problem with a VW TRANSPORTER TDi 2010


                        Lack of power due to engine running in limp mode and Diesel Particulate Filter (DPF) warning light…
                    
Find out more ►



Problem with a HYUNDAI IX35 2.0 L CRDi…


                        Lack of power and engine running in limp mode due to blocked Diesel Particulate Filter (DPF), fault…
                    
Find out more ►



Problem with a  RENAULT MASTER 2.3 L…


                        Lack of power, suspected EGR fault. After further investigation and removing the EGR cooler it was…
                    
Find out more ►



Problem with a MAZDA BONGO 2.5 L 2005…


                        Judder and hesitation when changing gear on automatic gearbox, suspect fault due to contamination…
                    
Find out more ►



Problem with a SCANIA P360 2011


                        Poor heater output and coolant circulation due to corrosion build-up in cooling system, EGR cooler…
                    
Find out more ►



Problem with a HYUNDAI ATOZ 1999 52k


                        Automatic transmission not changing out of first gear when cold, suspect fault due to contamination…
                    
Find out more ►



Problem with a AUDI TT 3.2 L V6…


                        Poor running and noisy timing chain, fault codes stored P0011 inlet camshaft timing solenoid 1…
                    
Find out more ►







Oil Fortifier
Find out more ►



White Grease
Find out more ►



Petrol Specialist Injector Cleaner
Find out more ►



Advanced Formula Motor Flush
Find out more ►



Oil System Protector
Find out more ►



Power Steering Treatment
Find out more ►



Diesel Specialist Injector Cleaner
Find out more ►



Diff and Gear Treatment
Find out more ►



Radiator Stop Leak & Cooling System Conditioner
Find out more ►



New Generation Engine Flush
Find out more ►



Moto Power l
Find out more ►



Advanced Formula Gas Treatment
Find out more ►



Advanced Formula Diesel Treatment
Find out more ►



Air Conditioner Treatment
Find out more ►



Seal Conditioner
Find out more ►







DPF Off-Car Cleaner
Find out more ►



Advanced Formula Diesel Treatment
Find out more ►



DPF Cleaner and Regenerator
Find out more ►



Diesel Intake Cleaner
Find out more ►



Petrol Specialist Injector Cleaner
Find out more ►



New Generation Engine Flush
Find out more ►



Diesel Specialist Injector Cleaner
Find out more ►
























Forté is a name that is synonymous with the very best in effective engine treatments. Our products are used on a regular basis by over 9,000 garages in the UK and our programmes are now part of the ‘norm’ when it comes to servicing a vehicle.
Forté have over 37 years worth of experience in the UK helping and advising garages on how to make a noticeable difference to a car’s performance and enhancing customer satisfaction.
Forté products are for trade only use and not for retail sale.
Visit www.problemwithavehicle.com for the latest Technical Tips and advice.


 
 
                 











