
Bunka Shutter Co Ltd (5930.T)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Bunka Shutter Co Ltd (5930.T)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerConstruction Supplies & Fixtures












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				5930.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				878JPY
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥-86


					            (-8.92%)
					        






Prev Close

¥964


Open

¥935




Day's High

¥940


Day's Low

¥869




Volume

682,000


Avg. Vol

154,082




52-wk High

¥983


52-wk Low

¥670












					Full Description



		Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd. is a Japan-based company mainly engaged in the manufacture and sale of shutters, and housing and building materials. The Company operates in five business segments. The Shutter-related Products segment offers lightweight shutters, heavy shutters, over-sliding doors, panel shutters and window shutters. The Construction Material-related Products segment offers exterior products, cross-cut weatherboardings, doors, partitions and other related products. The Service segment offers maintenance, inspection and repair services of the Company's products. The Reform segment is engaged in the renovation of housing. The Others segment is engaged in the manufacture and sale of customized furniture, as well as the non-life insurance agency and travel agency services. It also involves in the manfuacture and sale of foundation reinforcement units, iron wires and welded wire meshes.
» Full Overview of 5930.T







					Company Address



Bunka Shutter Co Ltd
2F, BX Hall, 1-17-3, Nishi-KataBUNKYO-KU   TKY   113-8535
P: +813.58447200F: +813.58447201







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Tetsuya Mogi

--




							 Toshihiko Shiozaki

--




							 Satoru Fujiyama

--




							 Yoshio Yabuki

--




							 Yoshinori Fujita

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Bunka Shutter Co Ltd News




» More 5930.T  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerConstruction Supplies & Fixtures




































BUNKA SHUTTER CO., LTD. | 113th Canton Fair Buyers Database


























Skip to main content









113th Canton Fair Buyers Database



            113届广交会国际采购商名录数据库          
 




Search form

Search 





 


 
 

You are hereHome (首页) » 五金工具采购商(Machinery & Hardware) » 日本(Japan)








          BUNKA SHUTTER CO., LTD.        










Company Information(公司信息)











Company Name(公司名称)
:BUNKA SHUTTER CO., LTD.


Brief Description(公司简介)
:BUNKA SHUTTER CO., LTD. is a Machinery & Hardware category company in Japan, Its detail address, main product, telephone and fax is as below.( BUNKA SHUTTER CO., LTD. 是一家来自日本的采购商，属于五金工具采购商行业，下面是该公司的详细地址、主要采购的产品、电话和传真等信息。)





Purchase Product (采购主题): 




Industry Category(采购行业)
:Machinery & Hardware (五金工具采购商)


Buy Data(购买数据)
:Click Here to Buy 113th Canton Fair Buyers Business Directory Full Data.点击此处购买113届广交会采购商数据。







Brand Name (需求商品名称) 
:五金


Product Category (需求产品分类)
:五金





Contact Method(联系方式)




Country /Region (国家/地区)
:Japan (日本)


Address (地址)
:1-17-3, NISHIKATA, BUNKYO-KU, TOKYO TOKYO JAPAN


Contact Person (联系人)
:HIROSHI TANAKA


Telephone (电话)
:58447220


Email (邮箱)
:tanaka@kenwa.co.jp






Previous(前一条)        Next (后一条)









 












 
 

 
 

mingluji.com
2011-2017 v6.15 a-j-e-1
ContactWEB | AMP ⚡ MIP






BUNKA SHUTTER CO LTD (5930:Tokyo Stock Exchange): Stock Quote & Company Profile - Bloomberg








































  





















































































 INDUSTRIALS SECTOR » BUILDING PRODUCTS INDUSTRY » 5930  


bunka shutter co ltd (5930:Tokyo Stock Exchange)


5930 On Other Exchanges
SymbolExchange 5930 is not on other exchanges.






Snapshot NewsChartsFinancialsEarningsPeopleTransactions



bunka shutter co ltd (5930) Snapshot



Open
--



Previous Close
--




Day High
--



Day Low
--




52 Week High
-- - --



52 Week Low
-- - --




Market Cap
--



Average Volume 10 Days
--




EPS TTM
--



Shares Outstanding
--




EX-Date
--



P/E TM
--




Dividend
--



Dividend Yield
--















 Advanced Stock Chart



Request Profile Update

		\
	



Related NewsNo related news articles were found.bunka shutter co ltd (5930) Related Businessweek NewsNo Related Businessweek News Found


bunka shutter co ltd (5930) Details


			Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd. manufactures and sells various rolling shutters, and house and building construction materials in Japan. The company provides pole less shutters, fireproof shutters, fire and smoke proof cloth screens, air keepers, and over sliding doors for offices, factories, and warehouses; and panel and lightweight grill shutters, horizontal sliding panel shutters, smoke proof shutters and palettes, and roller awnings for shops. It also offers wooden partitions, sliding doors with automatic closing systems, toilet booths, moving partitions, lightweight steel swing and folding doors, and indoor lightweight doors for schools, houses, hospitals, and public buildings. In addition, the company provides home awnings, ventilation and lighting models, outdoor steel frame stairs and walkway units, residential over sliding doors, aluminum balconies, aluminum shutters, and hand rails for wooden frame, reinforced concrete, and steel frame constructions. Further, it offers maintenance and inspection services. The company was formerly known as Japan Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd. in April 1970 as a result of merger transaction with Himeji City Japan Bunka Shutter. Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd. was founded in 1955 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.
  			

Detailed  Company Description...


www.bunka-s.co.jp
4,012 Employees Last Reported Date: 06/27/17
Founded in 1955








bunka shutter co ltd (5930) Top Compensated Officers




Mr. Kingo Iwabe


      	Senior Adviser & Director
      

Age: 85
Total Annual Compensation: ¥113.0M








Executives,
	    Board Directors


Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016.







	bunka shutter co ltd
	
Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd. to Report Q1, 2018 Results on Aug 02, 2017
Jun 15 17
Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd. announced that they will report Q1, 2018 results on Aug 02, 2017


Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd., Annual General Meeting, Jun 27, 2017
May 25 17
Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd., Annual General Meeting, Jun 27, 2017.


Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd., 2017 Earnings Call, May 25, 2017
May 17 17
Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd., 2017 Earnings Call, May 25, 2017








 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.















Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup





5930 Competitors
Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.





Company
Last
Change



No competitor information is available for 5930.
View Industry Companies














 


Industry Analysis




5930




Industry Average








Valuation
5930
Industry Range




Price/Earnings
10.6x





Price/Sales
0.4x





Price/Book
0.9x





Price/Cash Flow
8.7x





TEV/Sales
0.2x







View Detailed 5930 Financials
 | 
View Sector Analysis



Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact BUNKA SHUTTER CO LTD, please visit www.bunka-s.co.jp.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























BUNKA SHUTTER CO.,LTD








 




IMPORTANT NOTICE
We would like to inform you that we recently received a report that mail has been sent to a number of unspecified people, containing details in regards to the recruitment of a business partner, under our director's name. We would like to inform you however that this is due to  spam mail which is not affiliated with our company. Please disregard this recent mail sent. Thank you for your cooperation.




 




 









 
 



 


























Anytime, anywhere ···
We Bunka Shutter make skillfully engineered products using technology we have accumulated over many years. Moreover, so that these products can fully satisfy our customers. You can find our products in all faces of daily life either in the business environment or at home. Take a closer look at Bunka Shutter today.







 
 







 














 




























 



























Bunka Shutter Raises Estimate for Solar Product Sales - News - Solar Power Plant Business






























TOP
News
Visit to Plant
Special
Contact us
Japanese
NIKKEI TECHNOLOGY









HOME
News
Bunka Shutter Raises Estimate for Solar Product Sales





Bunka Shutter Raises Estimate for Solar Product Sales


2013/11/29 10:08

Kenji Kaneko, Nikkei BP CleanTech Institute















Bunka Shutter's mounting system product made of aluminum (source: Bunka Shutter)


Bunka Shutter Co Ltd announced results for the first half of the fiscal year ending in March 2014 and forecasts for the full fiscal year.

Bunka Shutter sells mounting system products made of aluminum and other products for small-scale solar power generation systems and mega-solar (large-scale solar) power plants.

Sales of the company's solar power generation-related business came to ¥460 million (approx US$4.5 million) for the first half of the fiscal year, which was even higher than the previous sales forecast for the full year. The full-year sales forecast was raised to ¥650 million, an increase of ¥500 million on a year-over-year basis.

The amount of orders to be received in the full fiscal year is forecast to be ¥850 million, an increase of ¥400 million on a year-over-year basis. The amount of capital invested in the solar power generation-related business is expected to be ¥287 million for the full fiscal year.

Bunka Shutter intends to expand the solar power generation-related business, planning to expand its marketing area (currently the Kanto region) to include the Chubu, Kansai, Kyushu and Tohoku regions of Japan. Also, the company started to install mega-solar facilities by using unused lands owned by companies affiliated with Bunka Shutter.

For example, Bunka Shutter installed 1.512MW of solar panels on the roof of its Kakegawa Plant in collaboration with Cenergy Co (Naka Ward, Nagoya City). And the company is currently installing or building solar power generation systems at its Kakegawa Plant Life-in Center and on its unused lands in Kashiwazaki City, Niigata Prefecture, and Takamatsu City, Kagawa Prefecture.

By installing solar power generation systems on its property, the company plans to research the characteristics of the regions and the conditions for installing such systems at buildings and acquire know-how.






News






About this web site
Staff
Advisory staff
Contact us

















Most Popular Articles from NIKKEI TECHNOLOGY



Honda Takes Various Measures to Improve Fuel Efficiency of 'Fit' Compact


24.5MW Solar Plant Employs New Measure Against Crows


Drone Used for Laser-based Measurement at Wind Power Plant Development Site


Toyota Fully Remodels 'Camry' Sedan


ALSOK's Drone Inspects Largest Solar Plant in Japan (2)


[Auto Expo 2008] Bajaj's 100,000 Rupee Car 'Lite' Resembles Japanese Light Car


Double-sided Solar Panels Turn Snow Into Advantage


TSMC Explains 16nm Process Technology; FinFET Introduced


Subaru Unveils ADAS of New 'Levorg'


Nissan's Develops Ethanol-reforming FCV










Copyright © 2017 Nikkei Business Publications, Inc. All rights reserved.
All editorial content and graphics on this Web site may not be reproduced in whole or in part without the express permission of the copyright owner.



﻿









  5930:Tokyo Stock Quote - Bunka Shutter Co Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Bunka Shutter Co Ltd   5930:JP   Tokyo        878.0JPY   86.0   8.92%     As of 2:00 AM EDT 8/3/2017     Open   935.0    Day Range   869.0 - 940.0    Volume   682,000    Previous Close   964.0    52Wk Range   670.0 - 983.0    1 Yr Return   26.65%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   935.0    Day Range   869.0 - 940.0    Volume   682,000    Previous Close   964.0    52Wk Range   670.0 - 983.0    1 Yr Return   26.65%    YTD Return   -2.66%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   11.39    Earnings per Share (JPY) (TTM)   77.1    Market Cap (b JPY)   63.389    Shares Outstanding  (m)   72.196    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.43    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   2.28%        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change +0.00%     Industry Capital Goods   % Price Change -0.05%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd. is a main producer of light & heavy-weight shutters. The Company is also expanding into construction materials such as sliding doors, garages, automated doors, and partitions for buildings.  Bunka Shutter provides engineering work, maintenance, and repair services.    Address  1-17-3 NishikataBunkyo-Ku, 113-8535Japan   Phone  81-3-5844-7200   Website   www.bunka-s.co.jp     Executives Board Members    Tetsuya Mogi  Chairman    Toshihiko Shiozaki  President    Satoru Fujiyama  Managing Executive Officer    Yoshio Yabuki  Managing Executive Officer    Atsushi Kushiro  Managing Executive Officer     Show More         


PRODUCT SHUTTER | BUNKA SHUTTER CO.,LTD













 






 




 



 
 



HOME > PRODUCT SHUTTER

























































Our shutters for commercial buildings and factories are strong enough for absolute security and are designed for reliable, simple and speedy operation. Bunka Shutter have developed our shutters in response to the changing needs of industry and society. Shutters that offer protection against intruders are the one of many shutter types. We have designed shutters that serve as emergency barriers such as fire walls and smoke walls. We can cater for wide openings and provide comfortable safety in aesthetic spaces even when the shutters are closed.
Our poleless fireproof /smokeproof shutter is one example. The central pillars retract into the ceiling by folding in two, and thus creating a free space.
We are developing new shutters with flexible design approaches even for industrial shutters, which primarily are installed for air tightness, such as adding lighting windows and contributing to energy saving.


































































































































































Shutters designed for stores must meld their practical function of protection with a wide choice of attractive designs. To give the customers as free choice as possible, Bunka Shutter has created a range of products to cater for the broad range of needs. In addition to offering reliable operation and peace of mind, Bunka Shutter is working hard to enhance the design level of its products. For example, the see-through designs of "Panelook" and "Paneruler" allow stores to keep their shop window displays visible after closing. The marking film of "Palette" adds a rich expression to the streetscape while electromotive grill shutters show off the grade and the fashion of the shop.























































































































































































































































 Bunka Shutter Co. -  Ltd. on Zawya MENA Edition

















































×
Sector Definitions










Industrial Manufacturing






Basic Materials and Industrial Products






Construction Materials






Ceramics and Sanitary Ware








Fabricated Metals






Mill Work








Other Basic Materials and Industrial Products










Consumer Goods






Furniture and Accessories






Lighting Equipment














							Companies that manufacture, market, and distribute basic materials, industrial products, chemicals, as well as machinery and equipment.
						

							Companies that manufacture and/ or distribute finished metal products such as metallic, aluminum or steel windows, doors, door frames, cabinets, scaffolding, structures, curtain walls, glazing systems, angles, bars, handrails, storage tanks and other related products.
						

							Companies that manufacture or distribute ceramic products and sanitary ware including bathroom fixtures, basins, toilets, taps and bowls.
						

							Companies that manufacture, market and/or distribute moldings, doors, door frames, window sashes, cabinets and other related products. 
						

							Companies that manufacture and market indoor and outdoor lighting equipment, non-electric lighting equipment, lamp shades, and lighting fixture components (including table, floor, wall, yard, portable or ceiling fixture lamps, and related equipment) for home and office usage.
						

							Companies that produce and/ or distribute non metallic minerals including gypsum, silica flour and other related products.
						

							Companies that design, manufacture, market, and/or distribute furniture and accessories (including floor and window coverings, home furniture and accessories, lighting equipment, mattresses and office furniture).
						

							Companies that manufacture and/or distribute basic materials and industrial products (including fabricated metals, glass products, packing and containers, paper and paper products, plastic and rubber products, textile, wires and cables).
						

							Companies that design, manufacture, market and distribute a variety of consumer goods. 
						

							Companies that manufacture and/or distribute building and construction products and materials, including aggregate, concrete,  cement, and related building products, lumber, wood, timber, and related products, plumbing and HVAC equipment, and other construction products and materials
						

















                       THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS 



 Solutions for Corporations 


Eikon


FX Trading


World-Check One


Enhanced Due Diligence


Compliance Learning


Org ID


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing


ONESOURCE Global Trade Management


Legal Managed Services


MatterSphere


Thomson Reuters Projects


Islamic Economy




 Solutions for Emerging Business 


Thomson Reuters Projects


Accelerate SME


Islamic Economy


Business Development MENA




 Solutions for Financial Institutions 


Eikon


Thomson Reuters Elektron


Thomson Reuters FX Trading


World-Check One


Enhanced Due Diligence


Compliance Learning


Org ID


ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager


Legal Managed Services


Westlaw Middle East


Thomson Reuters Practical Law


Islamic Economy


Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME




 Solutions for Governments 


Eikon


Elektron


Eikon Auctions


Revenue Management


World-Check One


Regulatory Intelligence


Audit Manager


Compliance Learning


Enhanced Due Diligence


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


Thomson Reuters Aumentum


Westlaw Middle East


Thomson Reuters MatterSphere


Thomson Reuters ProView


C-Track


Practical Law


Thomson Reuters Projects


Islamic Economy


Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME




 Solutions for Professionals 


Eikon


World-Check One


Compliance Learning


Enhanced Due Diligence


ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing


Legal Managed Services


Westlaw Middle East





LOGIN
REGISTER
You are on:


 MENA - ENGLISH 


MENA - ENGLISH
UAE - ENGLISH
KSA - ENGLISH
الشرْقُ الأوسَط
السعودية
الإمارات












Search









 


Dubai


                            
                            
                            03 Aug 2017
                        
















Advertisement







last updated on: 27 September 2013
Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd. 



                            
                            
                            last trade:
                                878.0 JPY (03 August 2017) 
 -86.00



Share profile














Advertisement






                                        Company Details
People
Related News
Similar Companies




fast facts

Country of Incorporation
Japan


Ownership Type
Publicly Listed


Primary Sector
Industrial Manufacturing


Number of Employees
null


Stock Listing



ID
Stock Type
Currency
Exchange
Symbol


5930.T
Ordinary
JPY
Tokyo SE
5930







                Stock Performance
                Powered by Thomson Reuters Eikon


 




Last Trade
878.0


Net Change
-86.00 


Percent Change
-10.00%  




Open
935.0


High
940.0


Low
869.0 




Volume
682,000


Transactions
1626


Value Traded
603,158,000


Market Cap
JPY 62,300M










Contact details


Primary address

                            
                            
                            BX Bldg., 1-17-3, Nishi-Kata,,
                            
                            
                            113-8535
                            Japan
                            BUNKYO-KU



CONTACT

Tel: +81 3-58447200
Fax: +81 3-58447201

www.bunka-s.co.jp






Zawya industry classifications

SECTOR
(Definitions)

INDUSTRY




Industrial Manufacturing





                                    Basic Materials and Industrial Products
                                





                                                Other Basic Materials and Industrial Products (Primary Industry)
                                            





                                                Construction Materials
                                            





                                                            Ceramics and Sanitary Ware
                                                        







                                                Fabricated Metals
                                            





                                                            Mill Work
                                                        










Consumer Goods





                                    Furniture and Accessories
                                





                                                Lighting Equipment
                                            













Advertisement



Ask Our Analyst

Have questions regarding this company profile? Get expert analysis and insight from our team of analysts.
Talk to Zawya CM Analyst



Company information provided by © 2017 Thomson Reuters

                                            Thomson Reuters research team update company information from primary sources (company annual reports, press releases, company websites, corporate briefings, official statements/interviews) and reliable secondary sources (stock markets, reliable third party publications).
                                        







		Top Business News
	







energy

Saudi's SWCC hires advisers to build two desalination plants

Reuters News -
							5 hours ago









oil and gas

UAE's ENOC secures $500mln revolving credit facility

Reuters News -
							11 hours ago









real estate

Dubai residents can expect further rental decline in freehold areas  

Gulf News -
							12 hours ago







		Find Companies
	















			GO
		


Or choose a preset list 








				GO
			





Advertisement



most viewed companies














Discover Thomson Reuters



Opinion





Opinion - Blake Goud
How the Paris Agreement offers $8 trillion a year in business opportunities



Despite Trump's withdrawal, business groups have identified significant benefits from the climate change accord.








Opinion - Lukman Otunuga
Potential outcomes for the commodity sector as a result of the OPEC meeting in Russia



All in all, oversupply will continue to dominate price action in the oil markets for the foreseeable future



Read more opinions 




Special Coverage

The new age of finance


Forward-thinking solutions enabling finance professionals to drive their businesses transformation.

To continue reading about...



FinTech licensing framework in the UAE
Blockchain, the Law and Dubai's grand plan
How CFOs can lead cloud adoption





Advertisement





































