


E Catalogue of FUJISASH (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD

























Home
Business Directory ▼

Industry
Japanese Companies
Products & Services
Japanese Brands

Help ▼

About Us
Our Products
How to Advertise
Submission Guide for Advertisers
Update your company information

Contact Us


Select a Country ▼

Thailand
Singapore
Malaysia
Indonesia













Please select country
Thailand
Singapore
Malaysia
Indonesia

Please select filter
Products and Services
Japanese Brands
Japanese Companies
Key Personnels












Change language
日本語









COMPANY PROFILE
ENQUIRY 


Products and Services


CURTAIN WALL SYSTEMS




 






FUJISASH (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD




 

COMPANY PROFILEFUJISASH (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD







Company Name
 
FUJISASH (MALAYSIA) SDN BHD(Company No: 13011-H)


Address
 
 		
		2025, Lorong Perusahaan 8
Prai Industrial Complex13600 PraiPenang, MalaysiaPetaling Jaya Sales Office:
11-2 1st Floor, 11-3 2nd Floor, 11-3A 3rd Floor
Jalan SS 23/11 Taman SEA
47400 Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia  
Tel: 03-7806 2919
Fax: 03-7806 3919



Tel
 
604-390 7477/558


Fax
 
604-399 4142


Website
 
http://www.fujisash.com.my 


Year Established
 
1972


Key Personnel
 
Managing Director (Penang)  Ramarao Subramaniam						                               Senior Manager (Sales)  Lu Hann Siong (PJ)				                                                                            
					                               				                               					                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
              


Nature of Business
 
Manufacture and Sales of Aluminium Extrusions, Precision Parts, Window Frames, Curtain Wall Systems, Electro Deposition, Fluorocarbon & Powder Coatings.


Main Shareholders/Parent Company
 
Joint Venture of Fujisash Co Ltd
135, Nakamaruko, Nakahara-ku, Kawasaki 211, Japan













﻿

About Us
Business Directory
Our Products
How to Advertise
Submission guide for advertisers
Update your company information
Contact Us

Copyright © 2013 Wesleynet.com. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site is subject to our terms and conditions.






Request unsuccessful. Incapsula incident ID: 401001290011668897-61736972335515674


FUJISASH CO.,LTD. - (03)5745-1226 (+81-(03)5745-1226) - Japan - ftaarea.com





















Add Company





Japan
FUJISASH CO.,LTD.

Home > Japan > FUJISASH CO.,LTD.


Contact
Description




FUJISASH CO.,LTD.
  + 366

Address:
Miyako Gotanda Bldg. Nishi-kan6-2. Osaki 5-chome, Shinagawa-ku,Tokyo
Phone:
(03)5745-1226 (+81-(03)5745-1226)

Telephone:(03)5745-1226 (+81-(03)5745-1226) Fax:(03)5745-1205 (+81-(03)5745-1205) City/Area:Tokyo Country:Japan
[Request Update] [Request Remove]








Share this Company













DescriptionContact




Address: Miyako Gotanda Bldg. Nishi-kan6-2. Osaki 5-chome, Shinagawa-ku,Tokyo City/Area: Tokyo Country: Japan Product list: Construction  Building Materials Category: Construction  Building Materials









Previous:MIHARU COMMUNICATIONS CO.,LTD.
Next:GIJUTSU-HYOHRON CO.,LTD.











KFILTER
KFILTER is ISO9001 and CE mark register filter manufacturing Company in Qatar, India and China a broad range of Air, Hydraulic and Water filtration &amp; separation cartridge elements for a wide variety of industries incJapan Luggage Express Ltd.
Japan Luggage Express is an international freight forwarder specialized in shipping of personal effects and household goods from Japan to worldside destinations by sea and air.  We offer the servcies of pickup from anywhBatfa Japan Inc.
Founded in 1950, Batfa Japan Inc. is leading exporter of Brand new Japanese cars. The company also export used Japanese vehicles, cars, trucks, and Buses. All second hand cars are certified and approved by Japan Inspecti 



TOKYO METER CO.,LTD.
TOKYO METER CO., LTD. is a company at Japan,Fax is (03)5741-7122 (+81-(03)5741-7122),Address is 30-3, Yaguchi 2-chome, Ohta-ku,TokyoINTER.NET JAPAN LTD.
INTER.NET JAPAN LTD. is a company at Japan,Fax is (03)5740-1145 (+81-(03)5740-1145),Address is Tokyo Nissan Nishi Gotanda Bldg. 2-gokan32-1, Nishi Gotanda 4-chome, Shinagawa-ku,TokyoACE INSURANCE
ACE INSURANCE is a company at Japan,Fax is (03)5740-0621 (+81-(03)5740-0621),Address is Arco Tower8-1, Shimo Meguro 1-chome, Meguro-ku,TokyoPHOTONICS CORP.
PHOTONICS CORP. is a company at Japan,Fax is (03)3758-9844 (+81-(03)3758-9844),Address is 25-5, Chidori 3-chome, Ohta-ku,TokyoTRANSNUCLEAR, LTD.
TRANSNUCLEAR, LTD. is a company at Japan,Fax is (03)5739-5118 (+81-(03)5739-5118),Address is 9-12, Kita Shinagawa 5-chome, Shinagawa-ku,TokyoMIHARU COMMUNICATIONS CO.,LTD.
MIHARU COMMUNICATIONS CO., LTD. is a company at Japan,Fax is (03)5744-0031 (+81-(03)5744-0031),Address is 3rd Fl., Kamata Tsukimura Bldg.15-8, Kamata 5-chome, Ohta-ku,Tokyo 





China
Hong Kong
Thailand
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Bahrain
Yemen
Bhutan
United Arab Emirates
Singapore
Taiwan
Iran
Azerbaijan
Armenia
Afghanistan
Malaysia
Dubai - U.A.E
Saudi Arabia
Brunei
Bangladesh
Macau
Maldives
Palestine
India
South Korea
Philippines
Lebanon
Myanmar
Cambodia
Uzbekistan
Indonesia










Vietnam
Syria
Kuwait
Qatar
Kyrgyzstan
Iraq
Japan
Pakistan
Oman
Sri Lanka
Laos
Tajikistan
United States
Bahamas
Jamaica
Canada
Dominican Republic
Haiti
Mexico
Barbados
Virgin Islands US
Panama
Bermuda
Grenada
Guatemala
Cayman Islands
Cuba
Trinidad and Tobago
Aruba
United Kingdom
France
Finland
Greece
Estonia
All













 



History | Fujisash Co.,Ltd










Top 
History




History

FUJISASH Manufacturing (previous company name of FUJISASH Co., Ltd.) established with the purpose of manufacturing steel sashes [July]






1932K. Hattori & Co., Ltd. 





1934Meiji Life Insurance Company main building





1954Shibuya Tokyu Department Store





1964Hotel New Otani





1965Home Sash FK





1969Tokyo 2.5 Tandem Out-of Town Telephone Office





1970Yokosuka Telecommunications institute





1972NHK Broadcasting Center





1976Mitsui Co., Ltd. Main office building





1978Sunshine 60 





1979Shinjuku Center Building





1986Yamato international





1991Tokyo First Government Office





1997Queens Square Yokohama





2000JR Central Towers





2002Marunouchi Building





2002Prudential Tower





2003The Industry Club of Japan, Mitsubishi Trust And Banking Building





2003Marunouchi Trust Tower North





2003Muza Kawasaki Central Tower





2004Hamamatsucho Square





2005Kure Maritime Museum (Yamato Museum)





2006Yachiyo Town Hall





2010Katayanagi Institute Kamata Campus





2012Shibuya Hikarie Building





2012Umeda Hankyu Building





2013Grand Front Osaka





2014The Parkhouse Harumi Towers Chrono Residence









1930July
FUJISASH Manufacturing (previous company name of FUJISASH Co., Ltd.) established with the purpose of manufacturing steel sashes [July]


1957Mar.
Technical tie-up concluded with US company Fentron Industries to install aluminum sash technology [March]. Next year the manufacture and sale of aluminum sashes begins in Japan for the first time


1964July
Completion of Japan’s first high rise building Hotel New Otani [July] (FUJISASH’s curtain wall construction method used)


1965Sept.
Chiba plant completed in Ichihara-shi, Chiba [September]


1968Apr.
Osaka plant completed in Takatsuki-shi, Osaka [April]


1969Aug.
Toyo Housing Corporation established with the purpose of entering the real estate business (previous name FUJISASH Co., Ltd.) [May]


Oct.
Kyushu FUJISASH Co., Ltd. established in Tamana-gun, Kumamoto [October]


1975Sept.
Development of the Arset construction method as a solidification processing technology for waste material [September]


1981Oct.
Merger of FUJISASH Industries, FUJISASH Sales and FUJISASH Co., Ltd. (previous name Toyo Housing Corporation) to become FUJISASH Co., Ltd.[October]


1990July
FUJISASH Malaysia established (Purchase of Federal Aluminum) [July]


Nov.
Management philosophy of “Making dreams a reality through windows” established [November]


1992Mar.
Logo established which incorporates the management philosophy theme


Aug.
Listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange Second Section [August]


1994Dec.
FUJISASH Philippines established [December]


1995Apr.
Kyushu FUJISASH listed on the Fukuoka Stock Exchange [April]. Next year listed on the Second Section of the Osaka Stock Exchange [October]


1997June
Chiba plant receives ISO9001 certification [June]


Nov.
Chiba Curtain Wall Testing Center operation [November]


1998Mar.
Osaka plant receives ISO9001 certification [March]


May
Main plant receives ISO9001 certification (all the plants certification completed) [May]


Sept.
Product Development Headquarters receives ISO9001 certification [September]


1999Apr.
Alliance with Ebara Corporation to begin the manufacture and sale of low temperature dioxins thermal decomposition equipment [April]


2000July
Kansai FUJISASH Corporation established [July]


2001July
Twenty-two regional sales companies consolidated into six wide area sales locations. FUJISASH Tohoku, FUJISASH Kanto, FUJISASH Kansai and FUJISASH Kyushu established


Sept.
Chiba plant, Product Development Headquarters, Production Administrative Department and Kansai FUJISASH receive ISO14001 certification[September]


Sept.
Eco Amado goes on sale [September] Winner of the 2002 Good Design Award


2002Oct.
Production consignment of prefab housing sashes and house building materials which exclude original company products to Shin Nikkei Corporation [October]


2003Dec.
Purchasing Dept., General Affairs Dept., Design Headquarters, Environmental Dept., Information Systems Dept. and Construction Management Dept. all receive ISO14001 certification [December]


2004Oct.
Kyushu FUJISASH becomes a fully owned subsidiary [October]


Oct.
Next-generation barrier-free sash “Flat Stage,” aluminum, wood composite curtain wall “Janus” and horizontal pulling aluminum shutters “SiestaV” are winners of the 2004 Good Design Award


2006Oct.
FUJISASH Kyushu made into a successor company, demerger with the Kyushu branch and Kyushu FUJISASH Building Sash Division, and inauguration of Kyushu Regional Production and Retail Company [October]


2007Oct.
Demerger of the Material Division which is succeeded to Kyushu FUJISASH to start a new integrated materials company. The name of Kyushu FUJISASH is changed to Fuji Light Metal. [October]


2009Mar.
Basic agreement concerning capital and business tie-up concluded with Bunka Shutter Co., Ltd. [March]


Oct.
Terra-cotta style aluminum surface treated building materials and Winbreath (Natural wind ventilation windows) winners of the 2009 Good Design Award [October]


2010Apr.
Demerger of the Tohoku branch and succeeded to FUJISASH Tohoku, in addition to FUJISASH Tohoku remaining as a surviving company which absorbs Akita FUJISASH Sales and Iwate FUJISASH Sales [April]


2013Oct.
Alair series type II composite model, winner of the 2013 Good Design Award [October]


2014Apr.
Demerger of Residential Building Materials Sales Department and businesses of Fujisash Service Co., Ltd., except for damage insurance agent and succeeded to Fujisash Kanto, in addition to Fujisash Kanto remaining as a surviving company which absorbs Kanagawa Fujisash Sales [April]


Oct.
Alair series type III Alair Grand, winner of the 2014 Good Design Award [October]


















NKC | Product List | Sash Hardware Division





















 Japanese  English









 












 





HOME > Product List > Sash Hardware Division



Bearing Retainer Division
Conveyor Division
Sash Hardware Division
Original Installation Products
Sliding Door Rollers
Slide-Out Window Stays
Operators
Hardware for special windows
Plastic Rollers
Housing improvement
Tenma Sheet Metal Division
Environmental Product Development
NKC Group
TogurumaCLUB
Tenma Sheet Metal
Kolec Co., Ltd.
Environmental Product Development(EPD)
Neues Co., Ltd.
ISA Travel
C.T.MACHINERY CO.,LTD.
E-Globaledge Corporation
Fuji Honing Industrial Co., Ltd
Nakanishi Kosan Co., Ltd.













NKC offers a wide variety of housing related hardware.  From parts for windows and doors that ease operation to furniture casters and rollers, NKC products can be found in almost every room of the house.  Our innovative designs and features including unsurpassed heat insulating properties have propelled NKC to a leading position within the industry where we maintain a high percentage of the total market share.


 
 


LIXIL Corporation, YKK AP Inc., Fujisash Co., Ltd., 
Sankyo Tateyama Aluminium, Inc., ALMETAX MANUFACTURING CO.,LTD., 
HOWA MACHINERY, LTD.























As people continue to seek more convenience in there life, the market trends change very rapidly.  As end users ourselves, we recognize the importance of providing a wide selection of high quality products that meet the customers needs.
    After quality, our primary design concerns are "ease-of-use" and "comfort." We continue to look to the future with the development of user-friendly products that are quiet, safe, durable and economical.


Sash rollers, Housing related products
















 HOME Privacy Policy Inquiry SiteMap
(C) NKC All Rights Reserved.

 









Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Industry

Construction

Building Products Company Reports





Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
F47016AF0B8B1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of Fujisash Co. Ltd. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of Fujisash Co. Ltd. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key Fujisash Co. Ltd. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 FUJISASH CO. LTD. - OVERVIEW

1.1 Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Business Description
1.2 Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Milestones and History

2 FUJISASH CO. LTD. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 FUJISASH CO. LTD. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 FUJISASH CO. LTD. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 FUJISASH CO. LTD. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Strengths
5.2 Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Weaknesses
5.3 Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Opportunities
5.4 Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Threats

6 FUJISASH CO. LTD. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 Fujisash Co. Ltd. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 FUJISASH CO. LTD. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 FUJISASH CO. LTD. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Key Facts 
Table 2: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Milestones and History 
Table 4: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Key Executives 
Table 5: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Products and Services
Table 8: Fujisash Co. Ltd. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Profitability 
Table 10: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: Fujisash Co. Ltd. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: Fujisash Co. Ltd. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: Fujisash Co. Ltd. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Oesterreichische Volksbanken AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Union Cement Company (P.S.C.) - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Keyware Technologies NV - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Woburn Energy Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Kout Food Group Company KSCC - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Fujisash Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Agriculture Agribusiness Agricultural Products Animal Husbandry Fisheries Fertilizers Gardening & Forestry  Construction Building Materials Building Products Company Reports Commercial Construction Engineering & Construction Services Company Report Industrial Construction Infrastructure Residential Construction  Defence & Security Aerospace & Defense Company Reports  Energy Alternative Energy Batteries & Accumulators Electric Power Energy Company Reports Nuclear Power Smart Grid Thermal Power  Machinery & Equipment Equipment Machinery  Metallurgy Alkali & Alkaline Earth Metals Ferrous Metallurgy Metal Alloys Metal Products Metals & Mining Company Reports Non-Ferrous Metallurgy Precious Metals Rare-Earth Metals Uranous Metals (Actinoid)  Mineral Raw Materials Building Raw Materials & Fillers Conglomerates Company Reports Fossil Fuel Nonmetallic Minerals Metalloids Ores Precious & Semi-Precious Stones  Packaging Industry Packaging & Containers Company Reports  Publishing Industry Pulp & Paper Paper & Forest Products Company Reports  Vehicle Aerospace & Aviation Electric Vehicles Motor Vehicles Railway Sea Transport  Other Industries 












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:


























Home








































 


Webwinkel
Fotograaf




Register



User Registration


* Required field 
 

Name: * 


Username: * 


Password: * 


Confirm Password: * 


Email Address: * 


Confirm email Address: * 





Register
			or			Cancel


 

















 













HomeThe Company


MilestoneWhy Aluminium?Awards


Products


Extrusion ProfilesMachined PartsCurtain WallsDoors and Windows


Facilities


ExtrusionPaintingAnodising & ED CoatingPrecision MachiningFabricationTest RigDie Making


Projects


LocalOverseas


Highlights


FNS 70


Contacts Us
 




Loading...

http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/bourke 02gk-is-98.png
http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/crystal 02gk-is-98.png
http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/dubai 02gk-is-98.png
http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/fns 02gk-is-98.png
http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/klia 02-1gk-is-98.png
http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/mof 02gk-is-98.png

Text


717 Bourke St, Melbourne




Crystal Mosque, Terengganu




Dubai Metro Stations




The New FNS-70 Series Sliding 




KLIA Connecting Pier




Ministry of Finance, Putrajaya




 






Introduction FMSB 






Fujisash is Malaysia’s premier aluminium extrusion specialist for the commercial and residential construction markets. We provide cutting-edge and competitive solutions to our partners, with the option of tailoring designs to any requirements. This allows us to produce the most complex and intricate extrusions available today.
 
As a fully-integrated aluminium extrusion manufacturer, we can monitor and control all aspects of our production processes to ensure you get exactly what you need.
 
  






Trouwreportage
Trouwfotograaf







HomeThe CompanyProductsFacilitiesProjectsHighlightsContacts Us







Project Showcase











PREV
NEXT








































http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/bnm mod01gk-is-111.png



BNM



Read more




http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/bourke mod01gk-is-111.png



Bourke



Read more




http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/goldis mod01gk-is-111.png



Goldis



Read more




http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/greate mod01gk-is-111.png



Great Eastern



Read more




http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/klia mod01gk-is-111.png



KLIA



Read more




http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/plazasentral mod01gk-is-111.png



Plaza Sentral



Read more




http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/mof mod01gk-is-111.png



MOF



Read more




http://www.fujisash.com.my/modules/mod_image_show_gk4/cache/montk mod01gk-is-111.png



Mount Kiara



Read more







Popularbadge
 






The FNS-70 Sliding door system is our new product designed to JIS standards. It uses...Read more 


















		© Fujisash (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (13011-H) 2013 @ All Right Reserved.
	














	Fujisash Co Ltd Profile Information Details























Home

                        >

Companies

                        >

                                Fujisash Co Ltd
                            



Google Plus
Facebook Tweeter Email





















                                    Fujisash Co Ltd
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                    


                                

                                    3017 Bedok Nth St 5 #04-01 Gourmet East Kitchen S(486121)
                                





CALL NOW+65 68486470
SEND FAX+65 68448485
ENQUIRE NOW







Location 


                                                    Website 
Our Branches


Our Branches



                                                            Loading Branches Please Wait....
                                                        













Product Catalogue
PDF Download
Products & Services 

Brand Names
Company Profile





                            Customers also viewed these companies:
                        







                                            Aerodynamic Metals Pte Ltd
                                        









Product Catalogue


0
                            Products |
                            Add To Cart
                            |
                            View Cart










Follow us on :



















                            Download PDF




0
                                Product Catalogue 







More




Back To Top




1
                            Products & Services



Products & Services 





                                        aluminium products
                                    





More





Back To Top



0
                            Brands








More




Back To Top




                            Company Profile














Update Details




Back To Top



                            Product News



View all
                                0
                                Product News




Back To Top



                            Press Release



View all
                                0
                                Press Release





























































 Fujisash Co Ltd - Company Details on Zawya MENA Edition

















































×
Sector Definitions










Industrial Manufacturing






Basic Materials and Industrial Products






Construction Materials






Ceramics and Sanitary Ware








Fabricated Metals






Mill Work








Other Basic Materials and Industrial Products










Consumer Goods






Furniture and Accessories






Lighting Equipment














							Companies that manufacture, market, and distribute basic materials, industrial products, chemicals, as well as machinery and equipment.
						

							Companies that manufacture and/ or distribute finished metal products such as metallic, aluminum or steel windows, doors, door frames, cabinets, scaffolding, structures, curtain walls, glazing systems, angles, bars, handrails, storage tanks and other related products.
						

							Companies that manufacture or distribute ceramic products and sanitary ware including bathroom fixtures, basins, toilets, taps and bowls.
						

							Companies that manufacture, market and/or distribute moldings, doors, door frames, window sashes, cabinets and other related products. 
						

							Companies that manufacture and market indoor and outdoor lighting equipment, non-electric lighting equipment, lamp shades, and lighting fixture components (including table, floor, wall, yard, portable or ceiling fixture lamps, and related equipment) for home and office usage.
						

							Companies that produce and/ or distribute non metallic minerals including gypsum, silica flour and other related products.
						

							Companies that design, manufacture, market, and/or distribute furniture and accessories (including floor and window coverings, home furniture and accessories, lighting equipment, mattresses and office furniture).
						

							Companies that manufacture and/or distribute basic materials and industrial products (including fabricated metals, glass products, packing and containers, paper and paper products, plastic and rubber products, textile, wires and cables).
						

							Companies that design, manufacture, market and distribute a variety of consumer goods. 
						

							Companies that manufacture and/or distribute building and construction products and materials, including aggregate, concrete,  cement, and related building products, lumber, wood, timber, and related products, plumbing and HVAC equipment, and other construction products and materials
						

















                       THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS 



 Solutions for Corporations 


Eikon


FX Trading


World-Check One


Enhanced Due Diligence


Compliance Learning


Org ID


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing


ONESOURCE Global Trade Management


Legal Managed Services


MatterSphere


Thomson Reuters Projects


Islamic Economy




 Solutions for Emerging Business 


Thomson Reuters Projects


Accelerate SME


Islamic Economy


Business Development MENA




 Solutions for Financial Institutions 


Eikon


Thomson Reuters Elektron


Thomson Reuters FX Trading


World-Check One


Enhanced Due Diligence


Compliance Learning


Org ID


ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager


Legal Managed Services


Westlaw Middle East


Thomson Reuters Practical Law


Islamic Economy


Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME




 Solutions for Governments 


Eikon


Elektron


Eikon Auctions


Revenue Management


World-Check One


Regulatory Intelligence


Audit Manager


Compliance Learning


Enhanced Due Diligence


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


Thomson Reuters Aumentum


Westlaw Middle East


Thomson Reuters MatterSphere


Thomson Reuters ProView


C-Track


Practical Law


Thomson Reuters Projects


Islamic Economy


Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME




 Solutions for Professionals 


Eikon


World-Check One


Compliance Learning


Enhanced Due Diligence


ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing


Legal Managed Services


Westlaw Middle East





LOGIN
REGISTER
You are on:


 MENA - ENGLISH 


MENA - ENGLISH
UAE - ENGLISH
KSA - ENGLISH
الشرْقُ الأوسَط
السعودية
الإمارات












Search









 


Dubai


                            
                            
                            03 Aug 2017
                        
















Advertisement







last updated on: 27 September 2013
Fujisash Co Ltd 



                            
                            
                            last trade:
                                111.0 JPY (03 August 2017) 
 -1.00



Share profile














Advertisement






                                        Company Details
People
Related News
Similar Companies




fast facts

Country of Incorporation
Japan


Ownership Type
Publicly Listed


Primary Sector
Industrial Manufacturing


Number of Employees
null


Stock Listing



ID
Stock Type
Currency
Exchange
Symbol


5940.T
Ordinary
JPY
Tokyo SE
5940







                Stock Performance
                Powered by Thomson Reuters Eikon


 




Last Trade
111.0


Net Change
-1.00 


Percent Change
0.00%  




Open
112.0


High
112.0


Low
111.0 




Volume
416,300


Transactions
155


Value Traded
46,438,000


Market Cap
JPY 10,908M










Contact details


Primary address

                            
                            
                            Shin Kawasaki Mitsui Bldg. West Tower,1-1-2, Kashimada, Saiwai-ku,
                            
                            
                            212-0058
                            Japan
                            KAWASAKI-SHI



CONTACT

Tel: +81 44-5200034
Fax: +81 44-4221183

www.fujisash.co.jp






Zawya industry classifications

SECTOR
(Definitions)

INDUSTRY




Industrial Manufacturing





                                    Basic Materials and Industrial Products
                                





                                                Other Basic Materials and Industrial Products (Primary Industry)
                                            





                                                Construction Materials
                                            





                                                            Ceramics and Sanitary Ware
                                                        







                                                Fabricated Metals
                                            





                                                            Mill Work
                                                        










Consumer Goods





                                    Furniture and Accessories
                                





                                                Lighting Equipment
                                            













Advertisement



Ask Our Analyst

Have questions regarding this company profile? Get expert analysis and insight from our team of analysts.
Talk to Zawya CM Analyst



Company information provided by © 2017 Thomson Reuters

                                            Thomson Reuters research team update company information from primary sources (company annual reports, press releases, company websites, corporate briefings, official statements/interviews) and reliable secondary sources (stock markets, reliable third party publications).
                                        







		Top Business News
	







energy

Saudi's SWCC hires advisers to build two desalination plants

Reuters News -
							5 hours ago









oil and gas

UAE's ENOC secures $500mln revolving credit facility

Reuters News -
							11 hours ago









real estate

Dubai residents can expect further rental decline in freehold areas  

Gulf News -
							12 hours ago







		Find Companies
	















			GO
		


Or choose a preset list 








				GO
			





Advertisement



most viewed companies














Discover Thomson Reuters



Opinion





Opinion - Blake Goud
How the Paris Agreement offers $8 trillion a year in business opportunities



Despite Trump's withdrawal, business groups have identified significant benefits from the climate change accord.








Opinion - Lukman Otunuga
Potential outcomes for the commodity sector as a result of the OPEC meeting in Russia



All in all, oversupply will continue to dominate price action in the oil markets for the foreseeable future



Read more opinions 




Special Coverage

Saudi Transformation


The economic reforms aim to free the kingdom from oil dependence. 



Deflating: Saudi Arabia sees decrease in price of consumer goods for the sixth month in a row
Saudi crown prince discusses defence ties with Turkish minister
Saudi residents expect financial stability in 2017





Advertisement







































Building Products Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Industry

Construction

Building Products Company Reports








Building Products Company Research Reports


Companies operating in the building products market manufacture, distribute and sell various products of natural or artificial origin utilized in the construction, repairing and decoration of buildings and structures. Concrete, glass, polystyrene or polyurethane foam, gypcrete, metal, gravel, etc. are in a tremendously broad range of building products.  
Brodomerkur DD, Daiya Tsusho Co Ltd, Grafton Group PLC, Tile Shop Holdings Inc are amid the top companies involved in the building products market.  The market is forecast to amount to over USD 880 billion by 2016, up by more than 5.5 percent per year. The rising interest in “green” construction is posed to contribute to the industry growth to the largest extent.
The Catalogue includes research reports dedicated to building products companies. The reports provide detailed data on the companies, including their contacts details, product offerings, financial performance and marketing activities. The research studies also examine companies’ strengths and weaknesses, positions and future opportunities. 





All Regions


Building Products Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        datamining
                    



                            Found
                                 2058 publications                    



Zhejiang King Refrigeration Industry Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang King Refrigeration Industry Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Dun'an Artificial Environment Equipment Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Dun'an Artificial Environment Equipment Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zhejiang Dilong New Material Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zhejiang Dilong New Material Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zeus Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zeus Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zehnder Group AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zehnder Group AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


ZEAG Energie AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
ZEAG Energie AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yunnan Bowin Technology Industry Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yunnan Bowin Technology Industry Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YTL Cement Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YTL Cement Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yotai Refractories Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yotai Refractories Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yoshicon Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yoshicon Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


YLI Holdings Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
YLI Holdings Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Ying Li International Real Estate Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Ying Li International Real Estate Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yi-Lai Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yi-Lai Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yawal S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yawal S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yatas Yatak Ve Yorgan Sanayi Ticaret AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yatas Yatak Ve Yorgan Sanayi Ticaret AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yanbu Cement Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yanbu Cement Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamax Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamax Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamau Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamau Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yamamah Saudi Cement Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yamamah Saudi Cement Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yahgee Modular House Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yahgee Modular House Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xishui Strong Year Co., Ltd. Inner Mongolia - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xishui Strong Year Co., Ltd. Inner Mongolia - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinjiang West-Construction Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinjiang West-Construction Co., Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinjiang Tianshan Cement Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinjiang Tianshan Cement Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinjiang Qingsong Building Materials And Chemicals (Group) Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinjiang Qingsong Building Materials And Chemicals (Group) Co Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xinjiang Guotong Pipeline Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xinjiang Guotong Pipeline Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xiamen Academy Of Building Research Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xiamen Academy Of Building Research Group Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wuhu Conch Profiles And Science Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wuhu Conch Profiles And Science Co., Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wren Extra Care Group Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wren Extra Care Group Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Woodlandor Holdings Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Woodlandor Holdings Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wood Friends Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wood Friends Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wolfman Industries Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wolfman Industries Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Winalta Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Winalta Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wienerberger AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wienerberger AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


World Wide Stone Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
World Wide Stone Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Whitemud Resources Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Whitemud Resources Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Whitemark Homes Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Whitemark Homes Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


White Horse Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
White Horse Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


W.G. Wearne Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
W.G. Wearne Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Western Lime Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Western Lime Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Westag & Getalit AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Westag & Getalit AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


West Holdings Corp - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
West Holdings Corp - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


West China Cement Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
West China Cement Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Weida M Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Weida M Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wei Mon Industry Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wei Mon Industry Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Watos Corea Co Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Watos Corea Co Ltd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


WaterFurnace Renewable Energy, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
WaterFurnace Renewable Energy, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vulcan Materials Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vulcan Materials Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VTI Vintage Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VTI Vintage Bhd - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VM Matriaux - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VM Matriaux - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vitreous Glass, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vitreous Glass, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Agriculture Agribusiness Agricultural Products Animal Husbandry Fisheries Fertilizers Gardening & Forestry  Construction Building Materials Building Products Company Reports Commercial Construction Engineering & Construction Services Company Report Industrial Construction Infrastructure Residential Construction  Defence & Security Aerospace & Defense Company Reports  Energy Alternative Energy Batteries & Accumulators Electric Power Energy Company Reports Nuclear Power Smart Grid Thermal Power  Machinery & Equipment Equipment Machinery  Metallurgy Alkali & Alkaline Earth Metals Ferrous Metallurgy Metal Alloys Metal Products Metals & Mining Company Reports Non-Ferrous Metallurgy Precious Metals Rare-Earth Metals Uranous Metals (Actinoid)  Mineral Raw Materials Building Raw Materials & Fillers Conglomerates Company Reports Fossil Fuel Nonmetallic Minerals Metalloids Ores Precious & Semi-Precious Stones  Packaging Industry Packaging & Containers Company Reports  Publishing Industry Pulp & Paper Paper & Forest Products Company Reports  Vehicle Aerospace & Aviation Electric Vehicles Motor Vehicles Railway Sea Transport  Other Industries 






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:





















