

























INSTALLUX SA: Labor Productivity Benchmarks and International Gap Analysis (Labor Productivity Series): Ltd. Icon Group: 9780597247248: Amazon.com: Books







 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks






















































































Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 



























Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest



Link copied!




























Out of Print--Limited Availability.






                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      



















Have one to sell?

            Sell on Amazon
        





























Flip to back
Flip to front







Listen





Playing...





Paused



 

You're listening to a sample of the Audible audio edition.

Learn more













INSTALLUX SA: Labor Productivity Benchmarks and International Gap Analysis (Labor Productivity Series)
Ring-bound

– April 25, 2000



	
	
	
		
		
	        
	        by
	
    
    
        
        
        
            
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			
Ltd. Icon Group

(Author)








Be the first to review this item


















See all  formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            













Ring-bound, April 25, 2000




"Please retry"







                                 —
                             






                            —
                        

                            —
                        













Ring-bound 

    
      
          
        







  
  
  
    —
  
    
      
      
      
        



    
      
    





























 This book is designed for human resources managers and directors of personnel who are concerned with labor productivity.  It gives benchmarks and gap analyses used to gauge a company's performance vis--vis firms competing firms in the same sector, at the global level.  In particular, this report covers INSTALLUX SA, 69720 SAINT BONNET DE MURE, FRANCE.  With the globalization of markets, greater foreign competition, and the reduction of entry barriers, it becomes all the more important to benchmark a company's performance against other firms on a worldwide basis.  Doing so, however, is not an obvious task.  First, one needs to find firms competing in the same sector.  Second, one needs to control for exchange rate volatility.  Finally, one needs use comparable financial standards.  This report overcomes these issues and gives full human resources benchmarks vis--vis worldwide competitors who are present in the same narrow industrial classification. Benchmarks cover labor-asset ratios, labor-liability ratios, and labor-income ratios.  Since our reports are printed on demand, the figures available are for the latest quarter and are the most up to date available (4 updates are produced each year).











Read more
Read less













See the Best Books of 2017 So Far
  
Looking for something great to read? Browse our editors' picks for the best books of the year so far in fiction, nonfiction, mysteries, children's books, and much more.
  
  
    





















        INSTALLUX SA: Labor Productivity Benchmarks and International Gap Analysis (Labor Productivity Series)
    





        
            
            
                Out of Print--Limited Availability.
                        
        
        
    
























 click to open popover 










Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What's this?)
  
















Ad feedback





















                    Editorial Reviews
                    
                 


From the Publisher


For over 20,000 companies, Icon Group International uses a proprietary methodology to generate international human resources benchmarks and measure gaps that might be revealed from such an exercise. First, for a given company Icon Group searches across over 26,000 firms for others producing similar products, offering similar services, or are in the same stage of the value chain for a particular industrial classification.  We then collect the financials and labor statisctics for each of these firms and standardize these into comparable categories (assets, liabilities and income ratios).  From there, we eliminate all currency effects by standardizing within each category.  All benchmarks are updated quarterly.
						    	
					    	

Read more

From the Author


Icon Group publishes a number of other human resources benchmarks for firms in related product areas, including:   -- ALMETAX MANUFACTURING CO., LTD.  -- ANGLIAN GROUP PLC  -- BUNKA SHUTTER CO., LTD  -- CALKAS A/S  -- CARADON PLC  -- CARDO AB  -- CHINA WIRE & CABLE CO LTD  -- DREW INDUSTRIES INC.  -- FUJISASH CO., LTD.  -- HUNTER DOUGLAS N.V.  -- INSTALLUX SA  -- NERGECO SA  -- NIPPON ALUMINIUM CO., LTD.  -- SANKYO ALUMINIUM INDUSTRY CO., LTD.  -- SANWA SHUTTER CORP.  -- SHAW (ARTHUR) & COMPANY PLC  -- STRATAGEM GROUP PLC  -- TACHIKAWA CORP.  -- TATEYAMA ALUMINIUM INDUSTRY CO., LTD.  -- TITON HOLDINGS PLC  -- TOSTEM CORP.  -- TOYO SHUTTER CO., LTD.  -- WICKRATHER BAUELEMENTE AG
						    	
					    	

Read more


            See all Editorial Reviews













Product details


Ring-bound: 17 pages
Publisher: Icon Group International, Inc.; April 2000 edition (April 25, 2000)
ISBN-10: 0597247242
ISBN-13: 978-0597247248
Average Customer Review:


    Be the first to review this item
  


 
Would you like to tell us about a lower price?If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?











NO_CONTENT_IN_FEATURE



Book AwardsBrowse award-winning titles.  

See more











Customers viewing this page may be interested in these sponsored links  
  (What's this?)
  
















Ad feedback












Customer reviewsThere are no customer reviews yet.5 star0%4 star0%3 star0%2 star0%1 star0%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer review



















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started









































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    





 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    





 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates








































Installux Change In Receivables (XPAR:STAL)  

























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾

Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾

Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 



















 STAL- XPAR (France) Also traded in: UKInstallux SA



Not Rated

Top Ranked Predictable Companies
 
430     (0%) Volume: 2  Aug. 02Avg Vol (1m): 10








Market Cap :
130.51 M
Enterprise Value :

P/E(TTM) :

P/B :


















430 (1y: +30%)



+ Add to Portfolio
Email Alerts
Stock PDFRSSWebsite SourcesDownloadBatch DownloadManual of Stocks™ Web APPManual of Stocks™Sorry. Only PremiumPlus Member can access this feature.Free Trial





This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





XPAR:STAL has been successfully added to your Stock Email Alerts list.
You can manage your stock email alerts here.




XPAR:STAL has been removed from your Stock Email Alerts list.



Please enter Portfolio Name for new portfolio.


SummaryGuru Trades30-Y FinancialsAnalysisDCFInteractive ChartDividendOwnershipCompareChecklistDefinitions


	Switch to:
	











	

	

	Installux SA
	(STAL)

	is traded in France.

	


	GuruFocus Global Premium Membership
Free Trial




Free Trial












Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK























Installux Sa Roche Habitat
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Installux Sa   Roche Habitat, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Installux Sa   Roche Habitat

Installux Sa   Roche Habitat exports to Faubourg Store through the port of New York, New York        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Installux Sa   Roche Habitat and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 JC PENNEY
 FRITO LAY DOMINICANA, S.A.         
 PANASONIC CONSUMER ELECTRONICS COMP
 SEARS MERCHANDISING SERVICES INC.
 SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS AMERICA INCORPO
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Installux Sa   Roche Habitat
Installux Sa   Roche Habitat exports to Faubourg Store through the port of New York, New York


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



INSTALLUX SA   ROCHE HABITAT
CHEMIN DU BOIS-ROND ST BONNET DE MURE, 69720 FR


FAUBOURG STORE
3 RUE BOUGAINVILLE BP 1490 FAUBOURG BLANCHOT NOUMEA, 97700 NC



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers








FRE 018828 799           RECEPT 4501851
FRE 018828 799           RECEPT 4501851





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



MFUSFRLEH1400749


TRLU6603992
TRLU6603992


Product Description




MATERIEL EN ALUMINIUM



MATERIEL EN ALUMINIUM












Bill of LadingSHKK250049059618Arrival Date2014-02-27Weight (LB)7,082Weight (KG)3,219UnitsCMQuantity11 PKGContainer Count1Voyage No.4407Port of LoadingLE HAVREPort of DischargeNEW YORK, NEW YORKVessel NameUTRILLOCarrier CodeSHKKCountry Of OriginFrancePlace Of ReceiptGRAND COURONNE 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Installux Sa   Roche Habitat. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Installux Sa   Roche Habitat has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Installux Sa   Roche Habitat







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Installux Sa   Roche Habitat
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Nikkon Ferro Private Limited                                



                                    Ipex Comercio Internacional Ltda.                                



                                    L Y S Packing Co. Inc.                                



                                    Komatsu America Corp Global Mining                                



                                    Sumitomo Rubber Usa, C/o Regional                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3018
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















