





Kimura, Inc.


















Kimura, Inc.




 
















About UsKimura, Inc.
KUC
Safety
The Kimura Team
Recycle / Environmental


Sales / DesignDesign
Sales Team


Quality


Production


Products


Links


FAQ


Contact UsGeneral Inquiries

















Main Menu


HomeAbout UsDesignContact UsSearch 















Home











					Welcome to Kimura, Inc.				
	

 

 

 







Thank you for visiting Kimura, Inc. and we hope we can have the opportunity to serve you and to assist with your container needs.We specialize in designing and fabricating steel racks and pallets to meet our Customer's requirements. This is accomplished using the latest 3-D CAD design systems, prototype building and testing, robotic and manual welding lines and automated powder coating system.Using these tools, we are able to deliver high quality product on schedule to meet our Customer's operational needs.Kimura, Inc. is a 100% owned subsidiary of Kimura Unity Co. Ltd. (Japan) which started production in Laurens, South Carolina in June 2003 and we have grown to be a major supplier of transportation containers for the automotive industry.Please look around our site for more detailed information on how we can help you and if you have any questions or comments, please use the "Contact Us" tab and we will be happy to answer your query.Japanese TranslationKI Containers: Reliable, Returnable, and Recyclable. 


 



 


Featured Product









 


U Series
This container is designed to be a cost-effective packaging solution. When fully collapsed, the container is only 14¼" high, which greatly reduces transport costs when they are returned after use. Please contact us for more details.Please click on Products tab to see our range of Racks and Containers. 















Copyright © 2017 Kimura, Inc.





KIMURA UNITY CO.,LTD.   /Company History























  



































Message


Management Philosophy


Corporate Governance


Group


Company Outline


Company History


Corporate Structure


Administration


Line of business


List of Domestic Offices


List of Overseas Offices













HOME > Company History













Since its foundation in 1881, Kimura Unity has grown and expanded its business field from container equipment and products to packaging, forwarding, vehicle maintenance, insurance, vehicle leasing, and information services.




 
 Event


January, 1881
Established the Kimura Container Manufacturing Shop in Naka-ku, Nagoya.


March, 1951
Established Kimura Manufacturing, which took over the container equipment and 
  product business from the privately owned Kimura Container Manufacturing Center.


May, 1958
Began the vehicle maintenance business.


November, 1958
Began the insurance agency business.


March, 1959
Began the packaging and forwarding businesses.


February, 1967
Began the traffic safety service business.


May, 1971
Began the information service business.


February, 1973
Began the vehicle leasing business.


October, 1973
Kimura Unity was founded.


April, 1976
Began the (used) car sales business.


November, 1990
Renamed the company Kimura Unity Co., Ltd.


April, 1991

Merged seven affiliated companies, including Kimura Unity Kimura Butsuryu Co., Ltd.
  (Took over the container equipment and product, packaging, forwarding, vehicle leasing,
  vehicle maintenance, traffic safety service, (used) car sales, insurance agency,
  and information service businesses from these affiliated companies.)



March, 1995
Listed in the Second Section of the Nagoya Stock Exchange.


October, 1997
Opened "Auto Plaza Rabbit" in the city of Inazawa to begin the car accessory sales business.


December, 2000
Tied an overseas logistics business partnership with Toyota Tsusho Corporation.


October, 2001
Listed in the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange.


November, 2001
Established a joint venture, TK Logistica do Brasil Ltda., in Brazil.


April, 2002
Established an affiliated company, Business People Co., Ltd.,
  to begin the human resource service business.


May, 2002
Established an affiliated company, Kimura, Inc., in South Carolina, U.S.A.


December, 2002
Established a joint venture, TTK Logistics (Thailand) Co., Ltd., in Thailand.


April, 2003
Integrated the forwarding business department into U-netrans Co., Ltd.


August, 2003
Affiliated Kimura Lease Services Co., Ltd. (former Suzuken Seibi Co., Ltd.).


June, 2004
Established a joint venture, TK Logistica de Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V., in Mexico.


January, 2005
Established an affiliated company, Tianjin Kimura Shinwa Logistics Co., Ltd.,   in Tianjin, China.


November, 2005
Established an affiliated company, Guangzhou Guangi Kimura Shinwa Store Co., Ltd.,   in Guangzhou, China.


January, 2006
Merged an affiliated company, Kimura Lease Service Co., Ltd.


September, 2006
Listed in the First Section of the Tokyo and Nagoya Stock Exchanges.


May, 2007
Opened the Osaka Regional Office in Osaka to begin the warehouse logistics business.


October, 2007
Opened the Hanshin Regional Office in Hyogo to begin the warehouse logistics business.


March, 2009

Guangzhou Guangqi Kimura Shinwa Store Co., Ltd. affiliated 
  Guangzhou Guangqi Kimura Logistics Equipments Co., Ltd. 
  (former Guangzhou Guangqi Toyotsu Logistics Equipments Co., Ltd.).



August, 2009
Opened the Tajimi Regional Office in Gifu to begin the warehouse logistics business.


June, 2010
Opened the Aisai Regional Office in Aichi to begin the warehouse logistics business.


June, 2011
Opened the Yachiyo Regional Office in Chiba to begin the warehouse logistics business.


February, 2013
Established a joint venture TTK Asia Transport (Thailand) Co., Ltd.,   separating the Transport Division of Thailand TTK Logistics (THAILAND) Co., LTD.


December, 2013
Affiliated SUPER JUMBO CORPORATION.


April, 2014
Opened the Inzai Office in Chiba to begin the warehouse logistics business








top of page








  |  Privacy Policy  |  


Copyright (C) Kimura-Unity Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.






FUJIAN KIMURA FORESTY PRODUCT CO., LTD.





















Canton Fair

Canton Fair|
Canton Fair Invitation|
Exhibitors List|
Become An Exhibitor|
Plan Your Trip|
Canton Fair News|


Canton Fair Hotels

Canton Fair Hotels|
Hong Kong Hotels|
Shanghai Hotels|
Hotel FAQ|


China Trade Shows

China Trade Shows|
Guangzhou Trade Shows|
Hong Kong Trade Shows|
Shanghai Trade Shows|


Exhibitor Search

Search An Exhibitor by Product Name or Exhibitor Name|

Location Map

Guangzhou Map|
Hong Kong Map|
Shanghai Map|


China Travel

China Travel|
Guangzhou Travel|
Hong Kong Travel|
Shanghai Travel|









HomeExhibitor SearchFUJIAN KIMURA FORESTY PRODUCT CO., LTD.

FUJIAN KIMURA FORESTY PRODUCT CO., LTD.

Exhibitor Name:FUJIAN KIMURA FORESTY PRODUCT CO., LTD.Bookmark Exhibitor
Add: FUSHAN INDUSTRIAL AREA,ZHANGPING, FUJIAN
Tel:  86-0592-13906052259
Fax:  86-0597-7669888
Email:  
Website:  http://
Exhibition Attened: 
108th China Import and Export Fair  





WOOD ARTS
Based on the management philosophy of “People Oriented ,Humane Management”Kimura Co.,Ltd now is pilot enterprise in the field of forestry products in Fujian province,......










August 2017
today




S
M
T
W
T
F
S


 
 
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
 
 





Navigation


Home
Canton Fair Hotels
China Trade Shows
Exhibitor Search
Location Map
China Travel





Hotel Prices:
New Articles:





Royal Mediterranean Hotel
(5 Star/8 Mins / $ 86USD)




Royal Mediterranean Hotel
(5 Star/8 Mins / $ 86USD)




Golden Bridge Hotel
(4 Star/12 Mins / $ 60USD)





TitleTitleTitleTitle1
TitleTitleTitleTitle2
TitleTitleTitleTitle3
TitleTitleTitleTitle4
TitleTitleTitleTitle5
TitleTitleTitleTitle6
TitleTitleTitleTitle7
TitleTitleTitleTitle8








About us|Business|to the recruitment|Member Center|Site Map| Top Cities|Official blog|FAQ|Feedback
Cantonfair.org ©2007-2010 PRIVACY POLICY





Kimura Drink Co., Ltd - Japan Manufacturer | HKTDC



















































 


Admin Page |

About HKTDC
 |
Media Room
 |

Register Now
|


					Wish List
				 (0)
|
My HKTDC
|

Login


Logout










Select Your Language









Google Real-Time Translation 








Cancel

This service is provided by Google Inc. If any part of the translated version is unclear, reference should be made to the English version.




























All

|

Products/Services

|

Company Name

|

Research

|

Events

|

News

|

Multimedia







 

All Categories
Auto Parts & Accessories
Baby Products
Building Materials & Hardware
Computer & Peripherals
Consumer Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Electrical Equipment & Electronic Components
Environmental Protection Equipment & Products
Eyewear & Accessories
Food & Beverage
Footwear
Furniture & Furnishing
Garments & Clothing Accessories
Gift & Premiums
Handbags & Travel Goods
Health & Beauty
Household Products
Jewellery
Lighting Products
Machinery, Raw Materials & Scientific Equipment
Medical Supplies and Medicine
Packaging Products & Material
Pet & Pet Supplies
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Service
Sports Goods
Stationery & Office Equipment
Telecom Products
Textiles, Fabrics & Yarns
Toys & Games
Watch & Clock























			Top Search: 
		



 







 
















Quality Suppliers by Industry




 Product Suppliers

Auto Parts & Accessories
Building Materials & Hardware
Consumer Electronics & Electrical Appliances
Environmental Protection Equipment & Products
Food & Beverage
Furniture & Furnishing
Gift & Premiums
Health & Beauty
Jewellery
Machinery, Raw Materials & Scientific Equipment
Packaging Products & Material
Photographic & Optical Equipment
Stationery & Office Equipment
Textiles, Fabrics & Yarns
Watch & Clock
Small-Order Zone



 

Baby Products
Computer & Peripherals
Electrical Equipment & Electronic Components
Eyewear & Accessories
Footwear
Garments & Clothing Accessories
Handbags & Travel Goods
Household Products
Lighting Products
Medical Supplies and Medicine
Pet & Pet Supplies
Sports Goods
Telecom Products
Toys & Games
More...



Service Suppliers

Accounting Service
Advertising, Marketing & Public Relations Service
Business Management & Consultancy Service
Design Services & Brand Strategy
Education & Training
Entertainment
Environmental Protection Solution & Service
Event Organisation
Finance Service
Franchising & Licensing
Information Technology
Infrastructure & Real Estate
Legal Service
Logistics & Transport



 

Medical & Healthcare
Packaging
Printing
Publishing
Quality Inspection & Testing
Storage Service
Technology
Telecommunication
Tourism
More...








							HKTDC Events





Asian Financial Forum
Book Fair
Business of IP Asia Forum
Diamond, Gem & Pearl Show
Education & Careers Expo
Electronics Fair (Autumn Edition)
Entrepreneur Day
Fashion Week (Fall/Winter)
Film & TV Market (FILMART)
Gifts & Premium Fair
Home Textiles & Furnishings Fair
ICT Expo
Jewellery Show
Lighting Fair (Autumn Edition)
Medical Devices & Supplies Fair
Printing & Packaging Fair
SmartBiz Expo
Tea Fair 
Watch & Clock Fair




Baby Products Fair
Building and Decoration Materials & Hardware Fair
Chinese Medicine & Health Products Exhibition
Eco Expo Asia
ElectronicAsia
Electronics Fair (Spring Edition)
Fashion Week (Spring/Summer)
Food Expo
Franchising Show
Home Delights Expo
Houseware Fair
Inno Design Tech Expo
Licensing Show
Lighting Fair (Spring Edition)
Optical Fair
Stationery Fair
Toys & Games Fair
World Boutique
Wine & Spirits Fair








						HKTDC Research





							Service Highlight





About HKTDC
Product Magazines
SME Startup Program
Buyer Meetings
Customized Business Matching
Mobile Applications
Design Gallery
Supplier Services
Buyer Services
SME Centre























































































																		 Company Home







																	 Company Profile











																	 Products / Services






·

All (4)












































Company Information








														Office Address:
													


 
														
														
																1082, Kawashiri Yoshida-cho, Haibara-gun 421-0302 Shizuoka Japan
															




 

														Postal Code:
													

														421-0302
													
 

														Contact Person:
													

 
													
														Mr. - Hoshino 
														
															

 

														Position:
													

														President
													
 







 
														
														
														Contact Supplier



































			Kimura Drink Co., Ltd
		

			Office Address: 1082, Kawashiri Yoshida-cho, Haibara-gun 421-0302 Shizuoka Japan
		

			Postal Code: 421-0302
		


			Contact Person: Mr. - Hoshino 
		

			Position: President
		

			Telephone:
			


			Fax:
			























Kimura Drink Co., Ltd

- Japan
				
				


















































Kimura Drink Co., Ltd. offers a wide range of products. Quality is always our first priority to customers. Partner with us and make a profit from cost-effectiveness and our professional knowledge.
Kimura Drink Co., Ltd. offers a wide range of products. Quality is always our first priority to customers. Partner with us and make a profit from cost-effectiveness and our professional knowledge.Less





















Product/Service Highlights














 














 



  Soft Drink
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Green Tea Soft Drink
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Soda Drink
															 





Contact Supplier




















 



  Peach Wine
															 





Contact Supplier











 








All Products/Services






Company Profile
















Year of Establishment:



1951








Nature of Business:


Manufacturer
											
										








Industry:



Food & Beverages









Product/Service Range:




											
										
											Soft drink, soda and champagne
											
										









Major Market(s):




• Japan

• North America

• Taiwan





























Company Location




















Contact Information







Company:


 
								
		                  			Kimura Drink Co., Ltd
		                  		
									




Contact Person:


 
								
		                			Mr. - Hoshino 
		                		
									



Position:
President


Office Address:

						
						
		                	1082, Kawashiri Yoshida-cho, Haibara-gun 421-0302 Shizuoka Japan
		                
		                	
			                	




Country/Region:

Shizuoka, Japan







Telephone:



Fax:



Website:


								www.hktdc.com/em/kimuradrink															 				
								     
							
					
							
								
									
									
										http://www.kimura-drink.net/
									
								
							

							






    					    More














Contact Supplier
































Contact this Supplier













Contact this Supplier









Email your message



Please enter your message














Contact this Supplier









Email your message

Add More Details






I would like to know more about your company and your products.
I would like to know more about your company and your products.










Submit





























































 






         Font


Print this page



Email this page




﻿ Newsletter



﻿ RSS Feeds
												



Mobile Device






														﻿ Manage your HKTDC e-subscription
												





﻿ Suppliers
											














 Regional Websites:


































 






hktdc.com Home | About HKTDC
 | Contact HKTDC
 | 
										
									Advertise with HKTDC | 
Terms of Use
 | 
Privacy Statement
 | 
Hyperlink Policy
 | 
Site Map
 | 
京ICP备09059244号





Browse by:  
		China Suppliers |  
		Hong Kong Suppliers |
		Asian Suppliers |
		Products








 


Copyright © 2000-2017
									  Hong Kong Trade Development Council. All rights reserved.


 



 






















































www.hktdc.com


Copyright © 2000-
2017
Hong Kong Trade Development Council. All rights reserved.


Reproduction in whole or in part without HKTDC's permission is prohibited. 




























Taipei International Food Show-Products-Beverage-KIMURA DRINK CO., LTD





























 








 About TAITRA
	          

 Fact Sheet
	          

 Visitor
	       

 Admission 2017

 Show Guide

 Visitor Registration

 My FOOD TAIPEI Login

 INTER-HALL Shuttle Service 2017

 NANGANG Exhibition Hall – HOTEL Shuttle Service 2017

 2017 Floor Plan

 5-in-1 Show Map

 Exhibitor List

 Products

 Exhibitor News

 TAITRA Overseas Offices

 Buyer's Incentive 2017



 Exhibitor
	       

 My FOOD TAIPEI Login

 Application Kit

 Sponsorship Kit

 Exhibitors' Manual (Nangang Exhibition Hall)

 Exhibitors' Manual (TWTC Exhibition Hall 1)

 Stage activity application

 Official Contractor

 Info on Pillars

 Exhibitors VAT Refund System



 Media
	       

 News Release

 Press Admission

 Videocast

 Media Partner



 Event
	       

 Event Schedule

 Taiwan-Thailand Innovative Smart Manufacturing for Food Industry Workshop



 Download Center
	       

 Show Banner / KV

 5-in-1 Banner / KV

 Show DM

 Show Photos

 E-letter

 Show Daily



 Travel/Accommodation
	       

 Hotels With Special Rates

 How to get to Taipei Nangang Exhibition Center, Hall 1

 How to get to TWTC Exhibition Hall 1

 Airport Transportation

 Visa Application

 Travel Info

 Taiwan Tour Bus



 Post Show Report
	       

 Post Show Report 2017

 Post Show Report 2016

 Post Show Report 2015

 Post Show Report 2014

 Post Show Report 2013












Facebook
Wechatt
Tweet
Line
Weibo












Print
Back





x






Close






Products















 



Kimura Ohshido Co., Ltd. - Traditional Japanese Dolls Craft Shop since 1887
































































											Welcome, visitor! [ Register | Login ] 
		





















 







会社・製品登録
Home
Search

Categories
Prefectures of Japan


Events

Energy
Fashion and Apparel
Foods and Drinks
Gifts and Handicrafts
Green Business
IT
Science and Technology
Transportation


News

Beauty & Fashion
Culture and Society
Economy & Market
Energy
Foods and Drinks
Green Business
Manufacturing & Production
Science and Technology
Sports and Health News
Transportation
Travel and Tourism


Reports

Awards and Honors
Cool Advertisements
Foods and Drinks
Green Business
Health & Beauty
International Cooperation
Key Persons
Products & Services
Science and Technology
Transportation


Exhibitions
Promo Videos
Newsletter















Search Ads

All Categories
Agriculture  (10)
Animals  (3)
Apparel & Clothing  (6)
Audio and Sound  (3)
Automobiles  (14)
Beauty & Personal Care  (6)
Buffing & Polishing  (4)
Business Services  (11)
Chemicals  (9)
Coating & Paint  (16)
Computer Hardware & Software  (6)
Construction & Real Estate  (17)
Consumer Electronics  (6)
Cool Japan  (37)
Electrical & Electronics Supplies  (14)
Energy Products  (12)
Entertainment and Media Production  (2)
Environment and Nature  (18)
Fashion Accessories  (15)
Food & Beverage  (77)
Gifts & Crafts  (14)
Hardware & Mechanical Parts  (25)
Health & Wellness  (7)
Heating and Cooling Systems  (3)
Home & Garden  (15)
Hotels, Travel & Venue  (7)
Industrial Machinery  (32)
Industrial Supplies  (6)
International Exchange  (0)
Kitchen Tools & Equipment  (6)
Lens  (3)
Lights & Lighting  (6)
Looking For  (0)
Materials  (13)
Measurement Instruments  (16)
Medical  (17)
News  (130)
Office & School Supplies  (3)
Product Guide  (1)
Regions of Japan  (368)
Research and Development  (7)
Security & Protection  (4)
Shoes & Footwear  (1)
Slitting & Rewinding  (1)
Sports & Entertainment  (1)
Telecommunications  (1)
Textile & Leather Products  (3)
Tools  (1)
Toys  (2)
Vehicles & Transportation  (13)



 
 
 





Home » Gifts & Crafts » Art & Collectible » Kimura Ohshido Co., Ltd. – Traditional Japanese Dolls Craft Shop since 1887










Kimura Ohshido Co., Ltd. – Traditional Japanese Dolls Craft Shop since 1887




 





Tweet
 Pin It 







Company Name: Kimura Ohshido Co., Ltd.State/Prefecture: KyotoCity/Town/Village: Kyoto, HigashiyamaStreet: 6-538, Higashi, Gojobashi,Country: JapanZip/Postal Code: 605-0846Phone: +81-75-541-7321Website: http://www.kyotodoll.com
Listed: 03/02/2014 9:07 pm
Expires: This ad has expired














 

                                    We started our business in 1887 as a souvenir shop in front of Kiyomizu Temple. Since then we have been making effort to supply high quality Japanese souvenirs and gifts many of which are traditional dolls to the world. 
Kindly please look for your favorite items from our products line-up. 



Products:

Dressed Dolls
Many beautiful Japanese female dolls with graceful looks and beautiful clothes are gathering here. You can also meet the expensive ones made by skillful traditional Japanese craftsmen. They will surely make your rooms brightful.
Girl’s Dolls
Here are many charming Hina Dolls with which Japanese people wish their female children grow in good health. Our compact and portable Hina Dolls will be very good gifts for the families having female children.
    Materials: Ceramic, Fabric, Porcelain, Glass, Paper
Boy’s Dolls
May Dolls and Flying Carp are displayed by the people wishing their male children will make success. The products on this site are compact but very outstanding. They are able to be enjoyed as the decorative accents in the rooms.
Oriental Zodiac
12 zodiac signs are mainly used for denoting the year of the person’s birth in Japan. Each sign (animal) is assigned to each year. 2014 is a Horse’s turn.
Lucky Dolls
Why don’t you present the person you thank or one opening the new shop with the lucky dolls? Kimura Ohshido provides many charming dolls everyone will surely like.
Kokeshi Dolls
Kokeshi Dolls are traditional wooden dolls and have been very popular as souvenirs between Japanese and foreign customers.
Other Dolls
Kimura Ohshido has many other kinds of items than doll above. Kindly take a look of them!
Charms
The charming mobile phone straps and keyrings which easily match well with both the Western and Japanese clothes have been very popular as souvenirsin Kyoto.
Kimono and Accessories
You can find many variety goods including momey pouches and hairpins which have been very popular especially among female custmers.
Seasonal
There are also lined up cute and elegant seasonal items. Let’s try to choose the items matching the each season and your interior.
Table Wares
Kimura Ohshido select the tablewares which seem to be enjoyed the people who likes Japanese and Kyoto taste.
Others
 In addition to the dolls and variety goods above you can find many fine products. Maiko Dolls, miniatures of big cart of Gion Festival, cushions and glass case for dolls and so on.

 
Please Kimura Ohshido’s product list here.

Ad Reference ID: 83253140d37a500d



Dolls
  






















Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (required)




Email (will not be visible) (required)




Website


















 
 








Map Contact
Poster


















To inquire about this ad listing, complete the form below to send a message to the ad poster.


Name:




Email:




Subject:




Message:




Sum of 5 + 6 =


















Information about the ad poster




Listed by:
JAPAN PRODUCTS

Member Since: 11/14/2012





Other items listed by JAPAN PRODUCTS


We’ve been delivering Matcha, Gyokuro, Sencha and other Japanese tea since 1931 – Honjien Co., Ltd.
Japanese High Grade Watermelon Sells for Over $3,500 USD
Kochi Ice Co., Ltd. – No. 1 Sorbet in Japan
Otoufu Factory Ishikawa Co., Ltd. – Soybeans Food Manufacturer
YASKAWA Electric Corporation – Manufacturer of Servos, Machine Controllers, AC Motor Drives, Switches and Robots


Latest items listed by JAPAN PRODUCTS »



 



Top Ads TodayTOHOKU KOGEI Co., Ltd. - Traditional Craftwork "Tamamushi Lacquerware" (19 views)Fujiwara Industry Co., Ltd. - Wastewater Treatment and Tsunami Emergency Equipment (18 views)SAGA HIMAT - Heavy Ion Cancer Treatment Center (15 views)Nippon Poly-Glu Co., Ltd. - Provides Water Treatment Assistance (13 views)Food processing machines for dumpling, noodle and more - Sanseidou Co., Ltd. (12 views)Enjoy a freshly brewed coffee - Coffee SAKURA (11 views)Mitsui High-tec, Inc. - We have been producing the industrial machineries and tools since 1949 (9 views)SHINKO IND. LTD. - Our Cargo Oil Pumps Occupies 85% of The Global Market (8 views)Maruwa Co,. Ltd. - Producing Furoshiki, Noren and Hanten since 1949 (7 views)Gifu Seiki Kogyo Co., Ltd. - We specialize in precision deep drawing (7 views)Group Site

 
 












Home
CategoriesAgriculture Animal husbandry Farm Machinery Flowers & Plants Animals Aquarium Fish Pest Control Apparel & Clothing Baby Clothing Childrens Clothing Garment Accessories Audio and Sound Musical Instrument Other Soundproofing Materials Speakers & Subwoofers Automobiles Auto Accessories Auto Electrical System Auto Engine System Beauty & Personal Care Baby Care Products Bath Supplies Beauty Equipment Buffing & Polishing Business Services Advertising Services Agency Services Design Services Chemicals Catalysts & Auxiliary Agents Chemical Machinery & Equipment Flavors and Fragrance Coating & Paint Coating Lacquer Others Computer Hardware & Software Computer Accessories Computer Parts Computer Softwares Construction & Real Estate Building Apparatus Cleaning & Maintenance Construction Consumer Electronics Air Conditioners and Air Purifiers Audio & Video Batteries & Chargers Cool Japan Cool Kanagawa Cool Products Cool Reports Electrical & Electronics Supplies AFC Components / Bonding Connectors & Terminals EMI / RFI and ESD Energy Products Batteries Gas Energy Products Generators Entertainment and Media Production Broadcasting System Mobile Games Environment and Nature Clean Water Recycling and Waste Treatment Fashion Accessories Bags Belts Eyewear Food & Beverage Drinks Food Equipment Food Ingredients Gifts & Crafts Art & Collectible Home Goods Other Gifts & Crafts Hardware & Mechanical Parts Bearings and Gears Bolts, Screws, Fasteners General Hardware Health & Wellness Elderly Care Products & Services Health Food Herbs & Medicines Heating and Cooling Systems Cooling Systems Heating System Metal Heat Treatment Home & Garden Bathroom Products Dining Products Furniture Hotels, Travel & Venue Hotels & Ryokan Travel Services Industrial Machinery Air Conditioning Coating and Laminating Machinery Construction Machinery Industrial Supplies Adhesives Aluminum Mesh and Netting International Exchange Fukuoka Kanagawa Kitchen Tools & Equipment Canisters and Boxes Food System Machines Freezer Lens Camera Optical Lens Lights & Lighting LED / OLED Lighting Accessories Lighting Bulbs & Tubes Looking For Buy Materials Film Products Glass and Crystal Products Metal Products Measurement Instruments Electrical Instruments Electronic Measuring Instruments Flow Measuring Instruments Medical Medical Equipment & Devices Medical Implements Medical Supplies News Announcement Economy & Markets News Environment Office & School Supplies Filing Products Interior Products Office Equipment Product Guide Regions of Japan Aichi Companies and Products Akita Companies and Products Aomori Companies and Products Research and Development Biotechnology Chemical Materials Medical and Health Security & Protection CCTV Products Computer Security Software Emergency Equipment Shoes & Footwear Children Footwear Men Footwear Other Shoes & Footwear Slitting & Rewinding Sports & Entertainment Other Sports & Entertainment Sports Supplies Telecommunications Accessories Antennas Equipment Textile & Leather Products Fabric Home Textile Leather Tools Other Tools & Tool Parts Tool Accessories Tool Parts Toys Arts & Crafts Toys Baby Toys Educational Toys Vehicles & Transportation Aircrafts Boats & Ships Logistics Services 
Contact Us
Volunteers
About Us
Services







 






We introduce Japan companies who produce high quality Japanese products and services.

© 2017 JAPAN PRODUCTS: Business Directory of Japanese Companies. All Rights Reserved.
























