
 

	Chevron in Singapore: Country Operations: Chevron Careers































Home 
Find a Job 
Types of Jobs 
Students & Recent Graduates 
Working at Chevron 




Chevron.com 
Contact 





Home
Find a Job
Types of Jobs
Students & Recent Graduates
Working at Chevron











Singapore

Singapore Privacy Statement
Types of Jobs





Chevron in Singapore






Singapore
                    Job Openings



Since 1933, Singapore has played a critical role in Chevron's global operations. The International Products business unit, which covers Chevron's Downstream fuels businesses and joint ventures in Asia Pacific, Africa, Middle East, Pakistan and Europe, is headquartered in Singapore.
It is home to Chevron's Asia-Pacific headquarters for the Manufacturing, Supply and Trading, Marketing, and Lubricants operations. Chevron Upstream has a presence in Singapore through our shipping, global gas and power generation businesses. Chevron Asia Pacific Exploration and Production also has a regional office in Singapore. Other Singapore operations include shipping, global gas and power generation.
The Caltex™ brand, which serves customers in Asia, the Middle East and Africa, is managed from Singapore. Singapore is also Chevron Oronite's regional headquarters for Asia-Pacific and home to one of the largest fuel and lubricant additives manufacturing facility in Asia.

Who We Hire
Where You'll Work
How to Apply
Compensation and Benefits
Career Development Support

Who We Hire

        Chevron values integrity, trust, diversity and ingenuity as a company and in our
        employees. In Singapore, Chevron hires full-time employees with the relevant education
        and experience. We also look for individuals with the following qualities:
    

Have a collaborative work style.
Enjoy a diverse and teamwork-oriented environment.
Are solution-oriented and outcome-driven.


Back to Top

Where You'll Work

        Depending on your role, your journey at Chevron could take you to one or more of
        these locations in Singapore, as well as to other locations around the globe:

Jurong Island — Home to Chevron Oronite's regional headquarters for Asia-Pacific and Singapore manufacturing plant.
Raffles Place — Chevron Downstream Asia Pacific Headquarters is situated at Chevron House.  It is also a regional hub for Chevron Upstream & Gas.
Jalan Buroh — Chevron's fuels terminal and lubricants blending plant.


Click here
            to find out more about our business portfolio.

Back to Top

How to Apply

Singapore
            Job Openings

        If you are interested in combining your talents and ambition with those of our high-performing
        team, please 
            search and apply online.

        Only those candidates who are selected for an interview will be contacted.

Back to Top

Compensation and Benefits


        Chevron's compensation and benefits program include the following:

Competitive base pay
Health care coverage
Insurance
Educational assistance
Compressed workweek schedules
Annual incentive awards when the company meets its established goals


Back to Top

Career Development Support

        When you join Chevron, you’ll find a workplace committed to your professional development.
        You’ll receive the support and tools to create your own career path.

Back to Top




Related Resources

Find Out More on Chevron.com

Find out more
                about Chevron in Singapore
Find out more
                about Chevron Oronite




Recent Awards


Grass Roots Asia Pacific Award for Best Reward and Recognition
              Strategies


Corporate HR Award

Leading HR Practices
                
Strategic HR
Talent Management, Retention & Succession Planning
Employee Relations & People Management
Health & Employee Wellness


Special Mention
                
Learning & Human Capital Development
Performance Management

Empowering People for the Way Ahead

Read about Chevron HR in Human Capital Magazine published by People Trends Pte Ltd















Chevron Corporation | 
        © 2001 - 2017 Chevron Corporation. All Rights Reserved. 
        Terms of Use | 
		
        Privacy | 
        Accessibility | 
        Fraudulent Offers


Connect with us:
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube

















Singapore — Chevron.com



























































skip to main content










highlights of operations


business portfolio


in the community


record of achievement


contact us








Singapore










highlightsofoperations



                    highlights of operations
                
Singapore plays a critical role in Chevron’s global operations.
Singapore is the regional headquarters for our Downstream operations in the Asia-Pacific region, including our manufacturing, marketing and lubricants businesses. We operate under our subsidiary Chevron International Pte. Ltd. Chevron’s supply and trading business has a regional trading hub in Singapore. 
Our lubricant additives manufacturing facility in Singapore, operated by Chevron Oronite Pte. Ltd., is the largest in Asia. Chevron has a 50 percent interest in a Singapore refinery that produces petroleum products for the Asia-Pacific region. Through our joint venture Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC and its affiliates, Chevron also has an interest in Chevron Phillips Singapore Chemicals (Private) Limited.
The Caltex® brand, which serves customers in the Asia-Pacific region and Africa, is managed from Singapore. There is a network of Caltex service stations and convenience stores in Singapore as well.

businessportfolio



                    business portfolio
                
In Singapore, our Chevron International Products business unit manages all of our Downstream fuels businesses and joint ventures outside the Americas. That includes commercial and retail merchandising, marketing, terminal operations, and the promotion and sale of Caltex fuels in the Asia-Pacific region, Africa and the Middle East. The organization also directs Chevron’s joint-venture manufacturing in Asia and joint-venture aviation activities in the Middle East.
refining
Chevron has a 50 percent interest in the Singapore Refining Company (SRC).

SRC’s refinery processes up to 290,000 barrels of crude oil per day, producing liquefied petroleum gas, gasoline, jet fuel, diesel, fuel oil and asphalt. In 2016, construction continued on SRC’s gasoline clean fuels facility and cogeneration plant. The new facilities are expected to increase the refinery’s ability to produce higher-value gasoline and improve energy efficiency. The project is expected to be completed in 2017.
supply and trading
Chevron’s Singapore Supply and Trading office is home to one of the company’s four global trading floors, along with London; Houston, Texas; and San Ramon, California. The organization manages daily commodity transactions of 5 million barrels of liquids and 5 billion cubic feet of gas. 
marketing and lubricants
The Caltex® brand – Chevron’s main marketing brand in Asia-Pacific and Africa – is managed from Singapore. 
Chevron offers Caltex products, including Caltex gasoline with Techron® and Caltex Diesel with Techron D®, to consumers in Singapore. Through our Caltex stations and distributors, we also market Delo® and Havoline® lubricants and coolants, along with other lubricating oils and greases, to consumer and business customers. In addition, Havoline® engine lubricants and coolants for passenger cars and motorcycles and Delo® diesel engine oils, greases, other lubricating oils and Techron® Concentrate Plus fuel additives are marketed to consumer, commercial and industrial customers. 
As of early 2017, Chevron has 26 Caltex service stations, 25 Star Mart convenience stores and one mini mart in Singapore. In 2016, Chevron partnered with NTUC Link to join the Plus! loyalty program, which enables motorists to earn and use LinkPoints for eligible fuel transactions at Caltex stations.
Chevron also markets asphalt and fuels to inland industrial and commercial customers. 
Chevron is a major aviation fuel supplier in Singapore. We safely supply the fuel to airlines at Singapore Changi International Airport.

From Singapore, we also market marine fuels and lubricants to customers in Asia.
chemicals
Chevron Oronite
Singapore is the Asia-Pacific regional headquarters for our subsidiary Chevron Oronite Pte. Ltd. Our Singapore manufacturing plant on Jurong Island is the largest additives manufacturing facility in the Asia-Pacific region. Our additives enhance the performance of lubricants in marine, automotive, railroad and natural gas engines as well as in specialty industrial engines and equipment. Additives from our Singapore plant are sold in more than 15 countries throughout the region and are shipped to distribution points worldwide.
The plant has continued to expand since its commissioning in 1999 and has a major project currently underway to add carboxylate production. Carboxylate is a sulfur-free detergent used in high-performance additive packages. A similar unit is already in place in Gonfreville, France, and the addition of the new plant in Singapore will about double Oronite’s global carboxylate capacity upon completion, planned for the fourth quarter of 2017.
Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC
Chevron is involved in a chemical facility in Singapore through our joint venture Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem).
CPChem has a 50 percent interest in Chevron Phillips Singapore Chemicals (Private) Limited, a joint venture that operates a high-density polyethylene (HDPE) manufacturing plant on Jurong Island. HDPE is used in pressure piping, gasoline containers and tanks, and soap and detergent bottles, among other things.

inthecommunity



                    in the community
                
Chevron’s global initiative, Fuel Your School, has been modified specifically for Singapore. In 2015, we partnered with the Central Singapore Community Development Council to develop Fuel Your School–STEM @ Central Singapore. The program encourages lower secondary school students to pursue their interest in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) subjects. For two years, participants have engaged in carefully curated learning projects and hands-on activities that help bridge textbook knowledge with real-world applications. At one workshop, approximately 240 junior engineers were inspired by the anti-gravity hover vehicles often featured in science fiction movies to design and ultimately fly their own prototypes. Students used advanced concepts such as magnetism, sensor technology, electronics, mechanical engineering and vector forces to build and fly their creations. Those with the most impressive vehicles – as chosen by a panel of judges and the community via social media – received cash prizes for their respective schools, helping fund the schools’ mathematics and science departments.
From 2012 through 2014, Chevron Singapore partnered with the People’s Association in Caltex PAssion for Kids, an enrichment program targeted at underserved families. This initiative inspired learning in underprivileged children in primary and secondary schools by giving them the opportunity to gain knowledge and develop new skills in different ways. 
Chevron Singapore received the Community Spirit Award from the People’s Association in recognition of our contributions to the community in 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016.

recordofachievement



                    record of achievement
                
In 1933, Chevron entered the Singapore market through The Texas Company (China) Ltd., a former Texaco company. In 1936, a partnership between Chevron and Texaco created the Caltex® brand. In 1937, Caltex introduced its first fuel oil and diesel fuel bunkering terminals. Operations started at the Tanjong Pagar Terminal in 1938. Caltex significantly expanded operations in 1958 with the addition of another bunkering terminal. In 1964, a lubricants blending plant was built in Tanjong Penjuru.
Texaco merged with Chevron in 2001.
introducing lubricant additives
In 1972, Chevron Oronite opened a sales office in Singapore for Oronite® additives. In 1995, Singapore became the Asia-Pacific regional hub for Oronite.
In 1999, we built our Singapore manufacturing plant, the largest lubricant additives manufacturing plant in Asia.
a leader in refining
In 1979, Chevron, through Caltex, became a one-third partner in Singapore Refining Company.
The partners upgraded the refinery in the 1980s by adding visbreaker, reformer and hydrocracking units, which greatly increased the refinery’s capacity and enabled it to meet changing demands in the market.
In 1995, the refinery was further upgraded at a cost of $1 billion. A residual fluid cracking unit and other associated facilities were installed, which increased production of gasoline and diesel.
Singapore became the regional headquarters for Chevron’s Asia-Pacific Downstream operations in 2001. 
The refinery’s crude oil processing capacity continued to grow steadily. In 2004, Chevron’s interest in SRC increased to 50 percent. 
From 2013 to 2016, Singapore was headquarters for the company’s Asia-Pacific exploration and production operations. 
operational excellence
As a business partner and as a member of the community, Chevron is committed to creating superior value for our investors, customers and partners, the Singapore government, local communities, and our workforce.
Operational excellence – which we define as the “systematic management of process safety, personal safety and health, environment, reliability, and efficiency to achieve world-class performance” – is a critical driver for business success and a key part of our enterprise execution strategy.
honored in the business community
We and our affiliates have made significant contributions to Singapore as investors and employers for more than 80 years.
Our commitment to Singapore was recognized by the Economic Development Board in 2005, when Chevron received the Distinguished Partner in Progress Award for our commitment to developing Singapore’s manufacturing industry and for our contributions to the people and economy of Singapore.
In 2009 and 2010, Chevron Singapore was recognized for our human resources (HR) initiatives. The Singapore Human Resources Institute honored Chevron with the following awards:

Leading HR Practices Award in Strategic HR
Talent Management 
Retention and Succession Planning
Employment Relations and People Management
Health and Employee Wellness
Workplace Safety and Health
Learning and Human Capital Development

In 2010, Chevron won the Grass Roots Asia Pacific Award for Best Reward and Recognition Strategies at the HRM Awards Singapore.

contactus



                    contact us
                
Chevron Singapore Pte Ltd
Chevron International Pte Ltd

30 Raffles Place, #21-00 Chevron House
Singapore 048622
Telephone: +65.6318.1000
Chevron Singapore Public Affairs Email: pgpa.singapore@chevron.com
Employment Opportunities: Careers at Chevron
Chevron Singapore Data Protection Officer Email: dposingapore@chevron.com

Chevron Oronite Pte Ltd

21 Sakra Road
Singapore 627890
Telephone: +65.6867.6557





Cautionary Statement


disclosure;forward-lookingstatements




CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF "SAFE HARBOR" PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995
This Site contains forward-looking statements relating to Chevron’s operations that are based on management’s current expectations, estimates and projections about the petroleum, chemicals and other energy related industries. Words or phrases such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “targets,” “forecasts,” “projects,” “believes,” “seeks,” “schedules,” “estimates,” “positions,” “pursues,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “budgets,” “outlook,” “focus,” “on schedule,” “on track,” “goals,” “objectives,” “strategies” and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the company’s control and are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. The reader should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date issued. Unless legally required, Chevron undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are: changing crude oil and natural gas prices; changing refining, marketing and chemicals margins; the company's ability to realize anticipated cost savings and expenditure reductions; actions of competitors or regulators; timing of exploration expenses; timing of crude oil liftings; the competitiveness of alternate-energy sources or product substitutes; technological developments; the results of operations and financial condition of the company's suppliers, vendors, partners and equity affiliates, particularly during extended periods of low prices for crude oil and natural gas; the inability or failure of the company’s joint-venture partners to fund their share of operations and development activities; the potential failure to achieve expected net production from existing and future crude oil and natural gas development projects; potential delays in the development, construction or start-up of planned projects; the potential disruption or interruption of the company’s operations due to war, accidents, political events, civil unrest, severe weather, cyber threats and terrorist acts, crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, or other natural or human causes beyond its control; changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which the company operates; general domestic and international economic and political conditions; the potential liability for remedial actions or assessments under existing or future environmental regulations and litigation; significant operational, investment or product changes required by existing or future environmental statutes and regulations, including international agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit or reduce greenhouse gas emissions; the potential liability resulting from other pending or future litigation; the company’s future acquisition or disposition of assets or the delay or failure of such transactions to close based on required closing conditions set forth in the applicable transaction agreements; the potential for gains and losses from asset dispositions or impairments; government-mandated sales, divestitures, recapitalizations, industry-specific taxes, changes in fiscal terms or restrictions on scope of company operations; foreign currency movements compared with the U.S. dollar; material reductions in corporate liquidity and access to debt markets; the effects of changed accounting rules under generally accepted accounting principles promulgated by rule-setting bodies; the company's ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent in operating in the global energy industry; and the factors set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” on pages 20 through 22 of the company’s 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other unpredictable or unknown factors not discussed could also have material adverse effects on forward-looking statements.
Certain terms, such as "unrisked resources," "unrisked resource base," "recoverable resources," “potentially recoverable volumes” and "original oil in place," among others, may be used to describe certain aspects of the company's portfolio and oil and gas properties beyond the proved reserves. For definitions of, and further information regarding, these and other terms, see the "Glossary of Energy and Financial Terms" on pages 50 and 51 of the company's 2016 Supplement to the Annual Report. As used in this report, the term "project" may describe new upstream development activity, including phases in a multiphase development, maintenance activities, certain existing assets, new investments in downstream and chemicals capacity, investment in emerging and sustainable energy activities, and certain other activities. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise description of the term "project" as it relates to any specific government law or regulation.
All trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names, whether registered or unregistered, are proprietary to Chevron, its affiliates, or to other companies where so indicated. You may not reproduce, download or otherwise use any such trademarks, service marks, logos or trade names without the prior written consent of the appropriate owner thereof.




                Print Page





downloads






2016 Annual Report







2016 Corporate Responsibility Report







The Chevron Way - English





more resources

Caltex - Singapore
Oronite
Go to Chevron Careers
Glossary of Energy and Financial Terms








share this page:




















Chevron Corporation - Wikipedia






















 






Chevron Corporation

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the oil company mostly in Americas. For similarly named companies, see Chevron.

Chevron Corporation


Logo in use since 2006[1]




Chevron's headquarters complex in San Ramon, California




Type

Public


Traded as



NYSE: CVX
DJIA Component
S&P 100 Component
S&P 500 Component





ISIN
US1667641005


Industry
Oil and gas


Predecessor
Standard Oil of California
Gulf Oil[2]


Founded
June 19, 1879 as Pacific Coast Oil Company
June 23, 1984 as Chevron Corporation (now defunct)


Headquarters
San Ramon, California, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

John S. Watson (Chairman & CEO)


Products
Petroleum, natural gas and other petrochemicals, See Chevron products


Revenue
 US$ 114.472 billion (2016)[3]



Operating income

 US$-2.16 billion (2016)[3]



Net income

 US$-497 million (2016)[3]


Total assets
 US$266.02 billion (2016)[3]


Total equity
 US$155.02 billion (2016)[3]



Number of employees

61,500 (2016)[4]


Subsidiaries
Texaco, Inc, Skil


Website
Chevron.com


Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX) is an American multinational energy corporation. One of the successor companies of Standard Oil, it is headquartered in San Ramon, California, and active in more than 180 countries. Chevron is engaged in every aspect of the oil, natural gas, and geothermal energy industries, including hydrocarbon exploration and production; refining, marketing and transport; chemicals manufacturing and sales; and power generation. Chevron is one of the world's largest oil companies; as of 2014[update], it ranked third in the Fortune 500 list of the top US closely held and public corporations and sixteenth on the Fortune Global 500 list of the top 500 corporations worldwide.[5][6] It was also one of the Seven Sisters that dominated the global petroleum industry from the mid-1940s to the 1970s.
Chevron's downstream operations manufacture and sell products such as fuels, lubricants, additives and petrochemicals. The company's most significant areas of operations are the west coast of North America, the U.S. Gulf Coast, Southeast Asia, South Korea, Australia and South Africa. In 2010, Chevron sold an average 3.1 million barrels per day (490×103 m3/d) of refined products like gasoline, diesel and jet fuel.
Chevron's alternative energy operations include geothermal, solar, wind power, biofuel, fuel cells, and hydrogen. In 2011–2013, the company planned to spend at least $2 billion on research and acquisition of renewable power ventures. Chevron has claimed to be the world's largest producer of geothermal energy. In October 2011, Chevron launched a 29-MW thermal solar-to-steam facility in the Coalinga Field to produce the steam for enhanced oil recovery. The project is the largest of its kind in the world.
Chevron is also one of the first two fuel brands to be Top Tier certified. The other is Tulsa, Oklahoma based QuikTrip.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Predecessors
1.2 Formation of the Chevron name
1.3 Merger with Texaco and post-merger


2 Operations

2.1 Upstream
2.2 Downstream
2.3 Alternative energy


3 Corporate affairs

3.1 Finance
3.2 Headquarters
3.3 Political contributions
3.4 Board of directors


4 Niger Delta Partnership Initiative
5 Controversies

5.1 Environmental damage in Ecuador
5.2 Oil spills in Angola
5.3 U.S. Clean Air Act Settlements
5.4 NiMH battery technology for automobiles
5.5 Niger Delta shootings
5.6 UN sanctions
5.7 Richmond, California refinery
5.8 Oil spill off the coast of Rio de Janeiro
5.9 KS Endeavor explosion
5.10 Forest Fire in Lawachara National Park, Bangladesh
5.11 Polish gas exploration
5.12 Argentina agreement and protests
5.13 Public Eye Lifetime Award
5.14 Global warming


6 See also
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Predecessors[edit]




Chart of the major energy companies dubbed "Big Oil" sorted by latest published revenue


One of Chevron's early predecessors, Star Oil, discovered oil at the Pico Canyon Oilfield in the Santa Susana Mountains north of Los Angeles in 1876. The 25 barrels of oil per day well marked the discovery of the Newhall Field, and is considered by geophysicist Marius Vassiliou as the beginning of the modern oil industry in California.[7] Energy analyst Antonia Juhasz has said that while Star Oil's founders were influential in establishing an oil industry in California, Union Mattole Company discovered oil in the state eleven years prior.[8]
In September 1879, Charles N. Felton, Lloyd Tevis, George Loomis and others created the Pacific Coast Oil Company, which acquired the assets of Star Oil[7] with $1 million in funding.[9] Pacific Coast Oil became the largest oil interest in California,[9] by time it was acquired by Standard Oil for $761,000 in 1900.[7] Pacific Coast operated independently and retained its name until 1906, when it was merged with a Standard Oil subsidiary and it became Standard Oil Company (California) or California Standard.[10][11]
Another predecessor, Texas Fuel Company, was founded in 1901 in Beaumont, Texas as an oil equipment vendor by "Buckskin Joe". The founder's nickname came from being harsh and aggressive.[8] Texas Fuel worked closely with Chevron. In 1936 it formed a joint venture with California Standard named Caltex, to drill and produce oil in Saudi Arabia.[12] According to energy analyst and activist shareholder Antonia Juhasz,[13][14][15] the Texas Fuel Company and California Standard were often referred to as the "terrible twins" for their cutthroat business practices.[16] The Texas Fuel Company was renamed the Texas Company, and later renamed Texaco.[11][16]
Formation of the Chevron name[edit]




A Chevron station branded under the Standard name in Las Vegas


In 1911, the federal government broke Standard Oil into several pieces under the Sherman Antitrust Act. One of those pieces, Standard Oil Co. (California), went on to become Chevron. It became part of the "Seven Sisters", which dominated the world oil industry in the early 20th century. In 1926, the company changed its name to Standard Oil Co. of California (SOCAL).[17] By the terms of the breakup of Standard Oil, at first Standard of California could use the Standard name only within its original geographic area of the Pacific coast states, plus Nevada and Arizona; outside that area, it had to use another name. Today Chevron is the owner of the Standard Oil trademark in 16 states in the western and southeastern U.S. To maintain ownership of the mark, the company owns and operates one Standard-branded Chevron station in each state of the area.[18] Although its status in Kentucky is up in the air after Chevron withdrew retail sales from Kentucky in July 2010.[19]
The Chevron name came into use for some of its retail products in the 1930s. The name Calso was also used from 1946 to 1955 in states outside its native West Coast territory.[20][21]
Standard Oil Company of California ranked 75th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[22]
In 1933, Saudi Arabia granted California Standard a concession to find oil, which led to the discovery of oil in 1938. In 1948, California Standard discovered the world's largest oil field in Saudi Arabia, Ghawar Field.[23] California Standard's subsidiary, California-Arabian Standard Oil Company, grew over the years and became the Arabian American Oil Company (ARAMCO) in 1944. In 1973, the Saudi government began buying into ARAMCO. By 1980, the company was entirely owned by the Saudis, and in 1988, its name was changed to Saudi Arabian Oil Company—Saudi Aramco.[citation needed]
Standard Oil of California and Gulf Oil merged in 1984, which was the largest merger in history at that time. To comply with U.S. antitrust law, California Standard divested many of Gulf's operating subsidiaries, and sold some Gulf stations and a refinery in the eastern United States. (The refinery is currently owned by Sunoco.) Among the assets sold off were Gulf's retail outlets in Gulf's home market of Pittsburgh, where Chevron lacks a retail presence but does retain a regional headquarters there as of 2013, partially for Marcellus Shale-related drilling.[24] The same year, Standard Oil of California also took the opportunity to change its legal name to Chevron Corporation, since it had already been using the well-known "Chevron" retail brand name for decades. Chevron would sell the Gulf Oil trademarks for the entire U.S. to Cumberland Farms, the parent company of Gulf Oil LP, in 2010 after Cumberland Farms had a license to the Gulf trademark in the Northeastern United States since 1986.[25]
In 1996 Chevron transferred its natural gas gathering, operating and marketing operation to NGC Corporation (later Dynegy) in exchange for a roughly 25% equity stake in NGC.[26] In a merger completed February 1, 2000, Illinova Corp. became a wholly owned subsidiary of Dynegy Inc. and Chevron's stake increased up to 28%.[27] However, in May 2007 Chevron sold its stake in the company for approximately $985 million, resulting in a gain of $680 million.[28][29]
Merger with Texaco and post-merger[edit]
On October 15, 2000, Chevron announced acquisition of Texaco in a deal valued at $45 billion, creating the second-largest oil company in the United States and the world's fourth-largest publicly traded oil company with a combined market value of approximately $95 billion.[30][31][32][33] The merged company was named ChevronTexaco. On May 9, 2005, ChevronTexaco announced it would drop the Texaco moniker and return to the Chevron name. Texaco remained as a brand under the Chevron Corporation.[34]
On October 10, 2001, Texaco purchased General Motors' share in GM Ovonics, which in 2003, was restructured into Cobasys, a 50/50 joint venture between Chevron and Energy Conversion Devices Ovonics. In 2009, both Chevron and Energy Conservation Devices sold their stakes in Cobasys to SB LiMotive Co.[citation needed]




Chevron gas station design used until 2006


In 2005, Chevron purchased Unocal Corporation for $18.4 billion, increasing the company's petroleum and natural gas reserves by about 15%.[35][36][37][38] Because of Unocal's large South East Asian geothermal operations, Chevron became a large producer of geothermal energy.[39]
Chevron and the Los Alamos National Laboratory started a cooperation in 2006 to improve the recovery of hydrocarbons from oil shale by developing a shale oil extraction process named Chevron CRUSH.[40] In 2006, the United States Department of the Interior issued a research, development and demonstration lease for Chevron's demonstration oil shale project on public lands in Colorado's Piceance Basin.[41] In February 2012, Chevron notified the Bureau of Land Management and the Department of Reclamation, Mining and Safety that it intends to divest this lease.[42]
In July 2010, Chevron ended retail operations in the Mid-Atlantic United States, removing the Chevron and Texaco names from 1,100 stations.[43] In 2011, Chevron acquired Pennsylvania based Atlas Energy Inc. for $3.2 billion in cash and an additional $1.1 billion in existing debt owed by Atlas.[44][45][46] Three months later, Chevron acquired drilling and development rights for another 228,000 acres in the Marcellus Shale from Chief Oil & Gas LLC and Tug Hill, Inc.[47]
In September 2013, Total S.A and its joint venture partner agreed to buy Chevron’s retail distribution business in Pakistan for an undisclosed amount.[48] In October 2014, Chevron announced that it would sell a 30 percent holding in its Canadian oil shale holdings to Kuwait’s state-owned oil company Kuwait Oil Company for a fee of $1.5 billion.[49]
Operations[edit]
Chevron employs approximately 62,000 people (of whom approximately 31,000 are employed in U.S. operations). In October 2015, Chevron announced that it is cutting up to 7,000 jobs, or 11 percent of its workforce.[50]
Upstream[edit]
Chevron's oil and gas exploration and production operations are primarily in the US, Australia, Nigeria, Angola, Kazakhstan, and the Gulf of Mexico. As of December 31, 2010, the company had 10.545 billion barrels (1.6765 billion cubic metres) of oil-equivalent net proved reserves. Daily production in 2010 was 2.763 million barrels per day (439.3 thousand cubic metres per day).
In the United States, the company operates approximately 11,000 oil and natural gas wells in hundreds of fields occupying 4,000,000 acres (16,000 km2) across the Permian Basin, located in West Texas and southeastern New Mexico. In 2010, Chevron was the fourth largest producer in the region.[51] In February 2011, Chevron celebrated the production of its 5 billionth barrel of Permian Basin oil.[52] The Gulf of Mexico is where the company's deepest offshore drilling takes place at Tahiti and Blind Faith. It also explores and drills the Marcellus Shale formation under several northeastern US states.
Chevron's largest single resource project is the $43 billion Gorgon Gas Project in Australia. It also produces natural gas from Western Australia. The $43 billion project was started in 2010 and was expected to be brought online in 2014.[53] The project includes construction of a 15 million tonne per annum liquefied natural gas plant on Barrow Island, and a domestic gas plant with the capacity to provide 300 terajoules per day to supply gas to Western Australia.[54] It is also developing the Wheatstone liquefied natural gas development in Western Australia. The foundation phase of the project is estimated to cost $29 billion; it will consist of two LNG processing trains with a combined capacity of 8.9 million tons per annum, a domestic gas plant and associated offshore infrastructure.[55] In August 2014 a significant gas-condensate discovery at the Lasseter-1 exploration well in WA-274-P in Western Australia, in which Chevron has a 50% interest was announced.[56]
In the onshore and near-offshore regions of the Niger Delta, Chevron operates under a joint venture with the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, operating and holding a 40% interest in 13 concessions in the region. In addition, Chevron operates the Escravos Gas Plant and the Escravos gas-to-liquids plant.[57]
Chevron has interests in four concessions in Angola, including offshore two concessions in Cabinda province, the Tombua–Landana development and the Mafumeira Norte project, operated by the company. It is also a leading partner in Angola LNG plant.[58][59]
In Kazakhstan, Chevron participate the Tengiz and Karachaganak projects.[60] In 2010, Chevron became the largest private shareholder in the Caspian Pipeline Consortium pipeline, which transports oil from the Caspian Sea to the Black Sea.[61]
As of 2013, the Rosebank oil and gas field west of Shetland was being evaluated by Chevron and its partners. Chevron drilled its discovery well there in 2004. Production is expected in 2015 if a decision is made to produce from the field. The geology and weather conditions are challenging.[62]
Downstream[edit]
Chevron's downstream operations manufacture and sell products such as fuels, lubricants, additives and petrochemicals. The company's most significant areas of operations are the west coast of North America, the U.S. Gulf Coast, Southeast Asia, South Korea, Australia and South Africa. In 2010, Chevron sold an average 3.1 million barrels per day (490×10^3 m3/d) of refined products like gasoline, diesel and jet fuel.[63] The company operates approximately 19,550 retail sites in 84 countries. The company also has interests in 13 power generating assets in the United States and Asia and has gas stations in Western Canada.[citation needed] Chevron owns the trademark rights to Texaco and Caltex fuel and lubricant products.[citation needed]
In 2010, Chevron processed 1.9 million barrels per day (300×10^3 m3/d) of crude oil.[63] It owns and operates five active refineries in the United States, one in Cape Town, South Africa, and one in Burnaby, British Columbia. Chevron is the non-operating partner in seven joint venture refineries, located in Australia,[64] Pakistan,[65] Singapore, Thailand, South Korea, and New Zealand.[66] Chevron's United States refineries are located in Gulf and Western states. Chevron also owns an asphalt refinery in Perth Amboy, New Jersey; however, since early 2008 that refinery has primarily operated as a terminal.[67]
Chevron's chemicals business includes 50% ownership in the Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, which manufactures petrochemicals, and the Chevron Oronite Company, which develops, manufactures and sells fuel and lubricant additives.[citation needed]
Chevron Chemical produced paraquat.[68]
Chevron Shipping Company, a wholly owned subsidiary, provides the maritime transport operations, marine consulting services and marine risk management services for Chevron Corporation.[citation needed] Chevron ships historically had names beginning with "Chevron", such as Chevron Washington and Chevron South America, or were named after former or serving directors of the company. Samuel Ginn, William E. Crain, Kenneth Derr, Richard Matzke and most notably Condoleezza Rice were among those honored, but the ship named after Rice was subsequently renamed as Altair Voyager.[69]
Alternative energy[edit]




Chevron's 500kW Solarmine photovoltaic solar project in Fellows, California


The Chevron's alternative energy operations include geothermal, solar, wind, biofuel, fuel cells, and hydrogen.[70]
Chevron has claimed to be the world's largest producer of geothermal energy.[39] The company's geothermal operations are primarily located in Southeast Asia.[71][72][73]
Chevron operates geothermal wells in Indonesia providing power to Jakarta and the surrounding area. In the Philippines, Chevron also operates geothermal wells at Tiwi field in Albay province, the Makiling-Banahaw field in Laguna and Quezon provinces.[74]
In 2007, Chevron and the United States Department of Energy's National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) started collaboration to develop and produce algae fuel, which could be converted into transportation fuels, such as jet fuel.[75] In 2008, Chevron and Weyerhaeuser created Catchlight Energy LLC, which researches the conversion of cellulose-based biomass into biofuels.[76] In 2013, the Catchlight plan was downsized due to competition with fossil fuel projects for funds.[77]
Between 2006 and 2011, Chevron contributed up to $12 million to a strategic research alliance with the Georgia Institute of Technology to develop cellulosic biofuels and to create a process to convert biomass like wood or switchgrass into fuels. Additionally, Chevron holds a 22% stake in Galveston Bay Biodiesel LP, which produces up to 110 million US gallons (420,000 m3) of renewable biodiesel fuel a year.[78][79]
In 2010, the Chevron announced a 740 kW photovoltaic demonstration project in Bakersfield, California, called Project Brightfield, for exploring possibilities to use solar power for powering Chevron's facilities. It consists of technologies from seven companies, which Chevron is evaluating for large-scale use.[80][81] In Fellows, California, Chevron has invested in the 500 kW Solarmine photovoltaic solar project, which supplies daytime power to the Midway-Sunset Oil Field.[82] In Questa, Chevron has built a 1 MW concentrated photovoltaic plant that comprises 173 solar arrays, which use Fresnel lenses.[83][84] In October 2011, Chevron launched a 29-MW thermal solar-to-steam facility in the Coalinga Field to produce the steam for enhanced oil recovery. As of 2012, the project is the largest of its kind in the world.[85]
In 2014, Chevron began reducing its investment in renewable energy technologies, reducing headcount and selling alternative energy-related assets.[86]
Corporate affairs[edit]
Finance[edit]
For the fiscal year 2011, Chevron reported earnings of US$26.9 billion, with an annual revenue of US$257.3 billion, an increase of 23.3% over the previous fiscal cycle. Chevron's shares traded at over $105 per share, and its market capitalization was valued at over US$240 billion.[87]
Headquarters[edit]




Chevron tower in Houston


Chevron's corporate headquarters are located in a 92-acre campus in San Ramon, California. The company moved there from its earlier headquarters at 555 Market Street in San Francisco, California, where it was located since its inception in 1879.[88] Chevron also operates from office towers in Houston, Texas, where it leased the 1500 Louisiana Street and 1400 Smith Street from former Texas energy giant Enron. Chevron is also planning a new office tower in downtown Houston next to its existing properties at 1600 Louisiana Street.[89] The building will stand 50-stories and 832 feet. Upon completion, it'll be the fourth tallest building in Houston and the first 50-story building constructed there in nearly 30 years.
Political contributions[edit]
Since January 2011 Chevron has contributed almost $15 million on Washington lobbying. On October 7, 2012 Chevron donated $2.5 million to the Republican Congressional Leadership Fund super PAC that is closely tied to former House Speaker John Boehner.[90]
Board of directors[edit]

John S. Watson (Chairman & CEO)
George L. Kirkland (Vice Chairman)
Linnet F. Deily
Robert Denham
Robert James Eaton
Franklyn Jenifer
Enrique Hernandez, Jr.
Donald Rice
Kevin W. Sharer
Charles Shoemate
John G. Stumpf
Ronald Sugar

Condoleezza Rice is a former member of the board of directors, and also headed Chevron's committee on public policy until she resigned on January 15, 2001, to become National Security Advisor to President George W. Bush.
On September 30, 2009, John Watson, age 52, was elected Chairman of the Board and CEO, effective at the December 31, 2009 retirement of David J. O'Reilly.
Niger Delta Partnership Initiative[edit]
In 2010 Chevron established the Niger Delta Partnership Initiative (NDPI), a non-profit that works with local organizations to promote economic growth, reduce HIV transmission rates, and empower women. The Initiative was initially funded with a $50 million grant. An additional $40 million was donated in 2013.[91][92]
Controversies[edit]
Environmental damage in Ecuador[edit]
Main article: Lago Agrio oil field




Oil pollution in Lago Agrio, November 2007


Texaco and Gulf Oil began operating in the Oriente region of Ecuador in 1964 as a consortium.[93] Texaco operated the Lago Agrio oil field from 1972 to 1993 and the Ecuador state oil company continued to operate the same oil fields after Texaco left. In 1993, Texaco was found responsible for dumping billions of gallons of toxic waste and they spent $40m cleaning up the area during the 1990s. In 1998, the Ecuadorean government signed an agreement with Texaco accepting the clean-up as complete and absolving Texaco of any further responsibility. That same year, an Ecuadorean scientific team took water and soil samples after Texaco left and found petroleum hydrocarbons at unsafe levels in almost half. The clean up was called "a sham" by critics.[who?][94]
In 2003, a class action lawsuit against Chevron was filed in Ecuadorian court for $28 billion by indigenous residents, who accused Texaco of making residents ill and damaging forests and rivers by discharging 18 billion US gallons (68,000,000 m3) of formation water into the Amazon rainforest without any environmental remediation.[95][96][97][98][99] Chevron said that the company had completed cleanup of the pollution caused by Texaco, that current pollution was the result of activities of the Ecuadorian oil interests, and that the 1998 agreements with the Ecuadorian Government exempted the company from any liabilities.[100][101][101][102][103]
In 2011, Ecuadorian residents were awarded $8.6 billion, based on claims of loss of crops and farm animals as well as increased local cancer rates.[94][104][105] The plaintiffs said this would not be enough to make up for the damage caused by the oil company.[106] The award was later revised to $19 billion on appeals, which was then appealed again to the Ecuadorean National Court of Justice.[107] The action has been called the first time that indigenous people have successfully sued a multinational corporation in the country where the pollution took place.[94][104][106]
Chevron described the lawsuit as an "extortion scheme" and refused to pay the fine.[94]
In November 2013, the international arbitration tribunal issued a partial award in favour of Chevron and its subsidiary, Texaco Petroleum Company. The tribunal has found Chevron is not liable for environmental claims in Ecuador.[108]
In March 2014, a United States district court judge ruled that the Ecuadorian plaintiff’s lead attorney, Steven Donziger, had used “corrupt means,” including "coercion, bribery, money laundering and other misconduct," to obtain the 2011 court verdict in Ecuador. The judge did not rule on the underlying issue of environmental damages. While the US ruling does not affect the decision of the court in Ecuador, it has blocked efforts to collect damages from Chevron in US courts. Donziger has appealed.[100][100][109][110]
In April 2015, AmazonWatch released videos reportedly sent from a whistleblower inside Chevron. The videos purportedly show employees and consultants finding petroleum contamination at sites in the Ecuadorean Amazon that the company claimed was cleaned up years earlier. These videos were confirmed as legitimate by Chevron legal counsel.[111] According to the company, the videos show routine testing to establish the perimeter of oil pits. The company further stated that it is not possible to determine from the videos whether the sites shown are the responsibility of Chevron or its former partner, Petroecuador. According to Amazon Watch, the videos contain a map confirming that the sites are Chevron's, and contain footage of interviews with villagers known to live in the area for which Chevron is responsible.[112]
Chevron continues to take oil from the Amazon region at large. El Segundo (CA), Pascagoula (MS), and Richmond (CA) refineries all process Amazonian oil. In 2015 El Segundo was the single largest refiner in the U.S. of Amazon Crude, processing 54,463 barrels per day.[113]
Oil spills in Angola[edit]
In 2006, Chevron's operations in Africa were criticized as environmentally unsound by 130 Nigerian researchers, journalists, and activists.[114] In 2002 Angola demanded $2 million in compensation for oil spills allegedly caused by Chevron, the first time it had fined a multinational corporation operating in its waters.[115]
U.S. Clean Air Act Settlements[edit]
On October 16, 2003, Chevron U.S.A. settled a charge under the Clean Air Act, which reduced harmful air emissions by about 10,000 tons a year.[116] In San Francisco, Chevron was filed by a consent decree to spend almost $275 million to install and utilize innovative technology to reduce nitrogen and sulfur dioxide emissions at its refineries.[117] In 2000, Chevron paid a $6 million penalty as well as $1 million for environmental improvement projects to settle charges of Clean Air Act violations related to offline loading terminal operations in El Segundo, California.[118] Chevron also had implemented programs that minimized production of hazardous gases, upgraded leak detection and repair procedure, reduced emissions from sulfur recovery plants, and adopted strategies to ensure the proper handling of harmful benzene wastes at refineries.[116] Chevron also spent about $500,000 to install leakless valves and double-sealed pumps at its El Segundo refinery, which could prevent significant emissions of air contaminants.[118]
In 2011, Chevron was recognized by the environmental group Ceres for its efforts to reduce global warming by cutting its own emissions and investing in renewable energy technologies.[119]
NiMH battery technology for automobiles[edit]





This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (March 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Cobasys LLC was a supplier of nickel metal hydride (NiMH) batteries, battery control systems, and packaged solutions for automotive applications, uninterruptable power supplies, telecommunications applications, and distributed power generation.[120] For 8 years ending in 2009, Cobasys was a 50-50 joint venture between California-based Chevron Corporation and Michigan-based Energy Conversion Devices, Inc. (also called ECD Ovonics, ECD, or Ovonics)[121][122] The intermediary hierarchy of ownership was that Cobasys LLC was owned by Chevron's subsidiary Chevron Technology Ventures LLC, and ECD Ovonics' subsidiary Ovonic Battery Company.[123] Cobasys spent $180 million in funding from Chevron Technology Ventures, and the two owners were unable to agree on further funding of the company. After arbitration between the owners had stalled, a buyer was found. On July 14, 2009, the sale of Cobasys to SB LiMotive Co. Ltd., an electric vehicle battery joint venture between Samsung SDI Co. Ltd. and Robert Bosch GmbH, was announced.
Sherry Boschert accused Chevron of limiting access to large NiMH batteries through its stake in Cobasys corporation and control of patent licenses in order to remove a competitor to gasoline. Cobasys filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Panasonic and Toyota over production of the EV-95 battery used in the RAV4 EV.[124][125] The case was settled with each company granting the other a license to its patents.[126] In her book, Plug-in Hybrids: The Cars that Will Recharge America, published in February 2007, Sherry Boschert argues that large-format NiMH batteries are commercially viable but that Cobasys refuses to sell the batteries or license the technology to small companies or individuals. Boschert argues that Cobasys accepts only very large orders for the batteries. Major automakers showed little interest in placing large orders for large-format NiMH batteries. However, Toyota complained about the difficulty in getting smaller orders of large format NiMH batteries to service the existing 825 RAV-4EVs. Because no other companies were willing to place large orders, Cobasys was not manufacturing or licensing large format NiMH battery technology for automobiles. Boschert concludes that "it's possible that Cobasys (Chevron) is squelching all access to large NiMH batteries through its control of patent licenses in order to remove a competitor to gasoline. Or it's possible that Cobasys simply wants the market for itself and is waiting for a major automaker to start producing plug-in hybrids or electric vehicles."[127] In an interview with The Economist, the ECD Ovonics founder Stan Ovshinsky disagreed, stating "Cobasys isn't preventing anything. Cobasys just needs an infusion of cash. They build a great battery"."[128]
In October 2007, International Acquisitions Services and Innovative Transportation Systems filed suit against Cobasys and its parents for failure to fill an order for large-format NiMH batteries to be used in the electric Innovan.[129] In August 2008, Mercedes-Benz U.S. International filed suit against Cobasys, on the ground Cobasys did not tender the batteries it agreed to build for Mercedes-Benz's planned hybrid SUV.[130] The Mercedes suit was settled for $1.3 million dollars.[131]
Niger Delta shootings[edit]
On May 28, 1998, activists staged a demonstration and took several individuals hostage on a company oil platform in the Niger Delta, Nigeria. Nigerian police and soldiers were allegedly flown in with Chevron helicopters.[132] Soldiers shot at the activists and subsequently two activists (Jola Ogungbeje and Aroleka Irowaninu) died from their wounds.[132] In 2007 U.S. District Judge Susan Illston, allowed a lawsuit brought by victims and victims' families against Chevron to proceed, saying that there may be evidence that Chevron had hired, supervised, and/or provided transportation to Nigerian military forces known for their "general history of committing abuses."[133] In December 2008, a federal jury cleared Chevron of all charges brought against them in the case. Chevron had stated that the military intervention was necessary to protect the lives of its workers and considers the jury's decision vindication for the accusations of wrongdoing.[134]
UN sanctions[edit]
According to US Embassy Cable BAGHDAD 000791 the Iraqi prime minister believed that Chevron was engaged in negotiations to invest in Iran in contravention of UN sanctions. The embassy related that it had no independent confirmation of this claim.[135] This document was intended to have been kept secret until 2029.[136]
Richmond, California refinery[edit]
The Richmond refinery paid $540,000 in 1998 for illegally bypassing waste water treatments and failing to notify the public about toxic releases.[137] Overall, Chevron is listed as potentially liable for 95 Superfund sites, with funds set aside by the EPA for clean-up.[138][unreliable source?]
A 1989 explosion and fire at the refinery[139] resulted in a $877,000 OSHA fine for "willfully failing to provide protective equipment for employees." Chevron employees had "repeatedly requested" protective equipment since the early 1980s but the company had refused despite more than 70 fires in the plant since 1984. Elizabeth Dole, the US Secretary of Labor, said: "OSHA's investigation makes clear that Chevron knew of the need for protective equipment and clothing."[140]
On March 25, 1999, an explosion and fire at the refinery that spread noxious fumes and sent hundreds of Richmond residents to hospitals.[141]
On August 6, 2012, a large fire erupted at the refinery.[142][143] Initial reports estimated that 11,000 people sought treatment at area hospitals,[144] and later reports placed the number above 15,000 people.[145] The company pleaded no contest to six charges in connection with the fire, and agreed to pay $2 million in fines and restitution.[146] Around the same time the settlement was announced, the Richmond city council voted to file suit against Chevron. The reasons for the suit included "a continuation of years of neglect, lax oversight and corporate indifference to necessary safety inspection and repairs."[145]
Oil spill off the coast of Rio de Janeiro[edit]
Further information: Energy in Brazil
On November 8, 2011, Chevron came under fire by Brazilian authorities for its role in the spill of crude oil off of the southeastern coast of Brazil.[147] The Brazilian regulators said 416,400 liters of oil leaked over the course of two weeks from undersea rock near the well in the Frade oil project 370 km off the Brazilian coast.[148] Prosecutors in Brazil initially demanded $10.6bn in the subsequent lawsuit. The National Petroleum Agency (ANP) suspended Chevron's activities in Brazil until it identified the cause of an oil spill off the coast of Rio de Janeiro.[149]
The National Petroleum Agency later concluded that the spill did not cause significant economic damage, injured no one, and never approached Brazil's coast. Criminal charges were dropped and the lawsuits were settled for a total of $130 million.[150][151]
KS Endeavor explosion[edit]
The KS Endeavor jackup rig exploded on January 16, 2012, while drilling an exploration well for Chevron in the Funiwa field in Nigeria. The explosion resulted in the death of two of the 154 workers on board and a fire that burned for 46 days before the well was sealed on June 18. According to a Reuters news report, workers on the KS Endeavor were ignored by Chevron when they requested evacuation due to concerns of increasing smoke billowing from the drilling borehole. A senior worker said the blowout was triggered by a massive build-up of pressure. A witness said that rig engineers advised Chevron to stop drilling and evacuate staff but Chevron told them to continue with drilling. Expecting an explosion, the rig manager, one of the two that later died, kept the lifeboats at hand and ready for use. A witness reported: "This is the reason so many of us survived because we were all aware that it was going to happen, but just didn't know when." In an email response to Reuters, Chevron said it did not receive requests to evacuate the rig and that staff on board had the right to call a halt to work if they believed conditions were unsafe.[152][153]
Forest Fire in Lawachara National Park, Bangladesh[edit]
On June 26, 2008, a forest fire broke out in Lawachara National Park, Bangladesh, while Chevron was carrying out a 3D seismic survey. Chevron stated that it was not conducting activities in the area in which the fire broke out.[154][155]
Polish gas exploration[edit]
Chevron has experienced protests aimed at the company by local communities in Southern Poland when they started gas exploration in the region. Their complaint is that Chevron didn't provide all of the documents required for gas exploration in Poland, and that the company has not promised to share a percentage of the revenues with the local landholders. The landholders of the region view Chevron's presence in the region negatively since they may be forced to sell their properties at a low cost if gas is discovered in the region. As well, potential environmental disasters are a concern for local farmers. Another of the residents' primary concern is water pollution from the chemicals used in fracking. In response to some of the protests, Chevron has sued some of the protesters from Żurawlów for disrupting their operations.[156]
According to gas and oil expert Andrzej Szczesniak, one of the main reasons for the protest is the difference between Polish and American law. In the USA property owners typically receive 15-20% from the income of gas exploration. In Poland, the discovery of gas on private property usually results in a forced sale of the property, with the owner receiving only the prior value of the land and no percentage of the gas revenue. This is the result of outdated, Communist Era laws that are still on the books and which are often exploited by municipal governments if they can get a 'kick back' from a larger company.[157][158]
Argentina agreement and protests[edit]
After the 2012 decision of the Argentine government to regain control of the biggest oil company of the country, YPF, the search for foreign investors for exploitation of unconventional oil started. Finally in 2013, YPF and Chevron signed an agreement for the Vaca Muerta oil field, the world’s second-largest shale gas deposit. In August 2013, the Congress of Neuquén province approved the agreement, while between 5,000[159][160] and 10,000[161] workers, students and indigenous people protested outside the legislature. Police fired rubber bullets, hitting some protesters.[159] Governor Jorge Sapag defended the police actions: “The march was generally peaceful, but about 100 people separated from the rest and attacked the police. The police acted with seriousness and professionalism.”[162]
Public Eye Lifetime Award[edit]
In 2015, Chevron received the Lifetime Award of the Public Eye on Davos for what the sponsors called Chevron's responsibility for environmental disaster in the Amazon.[163] The same group cited the company in 2006 in the category "Environment" for oil soiling in the Amazonas in Ecuador.[164] A Chevron spokesperson commented that the award was "nothing more than a stunt to distract attention from the fact that the lawsuit against Chevron in Ecuador has been proven to be meritless and the product of unprecedented fraud" and pointed to a U.S. court finding that the plaintiff's lawyers had committed "mail and wire fraud, money laundering, witness tampering and obstruction of justice." [165] That controversial RICO case is under appeal and has been criticized by environmental and human rights groups.[166]
Global warming[edit]
In a letter Chevron Corp. argued that under current disclosure rules companies are already required to disclose material risks including climate-change risk, during part of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s consultation process, noting that its “2015 Form 10-K included a significant discussion of the potential risks of additional greenhouse gas emissions regulation following the outcome of the Paris Accord.”[167]
See also[edit]


San Francisco Bay Area portal
Companies portal



Chevron U.S.A., Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc.
Climate appraisal
Climate risk management
Gordon L. Park
global warming
Jack 2
Patent encumbrance of large automotive NiMH batteries
RAV4 EV
Texaco
Trans-Caribbean pipeline

References[edit]


^ "The Evolution of 5 Oil and Gas Logos". Castagra. Castagra. Retrieved 31 March 2017. 
^ "Company Profile". Chevron.com. Retrieved August 9, 2011. 
^ a b c d e "2016 Press Releases - Chevron". 
^ Chevron Factsheet "Corporate Factsheet", May 2016.
^ "Chevron". Fortune 500. fortune.com. 2014. 
^ "Chevron". Fortune Global 500. fortune.com. 2014. 
^ a b c M. S. Vassiliou (March 2, 2009). Historical Dictionary of the Petroleum Industry. Scarecrow Press. pp. 128–. ISBN 978-0-8108-6288-3. Retrieved August 8, 2013. 
^ a b Antonia Juhasz (October 6, 2009). The Bush Agenda. HarperCollins. pp. 106–. ISBN 978-0-06-197761-9. Retrieved August 9, 2013. 
^ a b Joshua Karliner (1997). The Corporate Planet: Ecology and Politics in the Age of Globalization. University of California Press. pp. 61–. ISBN 978-0-87156-434-4. Retrieved August 8, 2013. 
^ M. S. Vassiliou (September 24, 2009). The A to Z of the Petroleum Industry. Scarecrow Press. pp. 128–. ISBN 978-0-8108-7066-6. Retrieved August 9, 2013. 
^ a b Toyin Falola (January 1, 2005). The Politics of the Global Oil Industry: An Introduction. Greenwood Publishing Group. pp. 33–. ISBN 978-0-275-98400-7. Retrieved August 9, 2013. 
^ Charles A. S. Hall; Carlos A. Ramírez-Pascualli (December 5, 2012). The First Half of the Age of Oil: An Exploration of the Work of Colin Campbell and Jean Laherr√®re. Springer. pp. 34–. ISBN 978-1-4614-6064-0. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Juhasz, Antonia (September 28, 2010). "Chevron Throws Book at Shareholder Activist (Me)". The Huffington Post. Retrieved August 17, 2013. 
^ Letzing, John (September 29, 2010). "Activist Faces Charges in Chevron Meeting Outburst". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved August 17, 2013. 
^ "Protesters Disrupt BP's First Shareholder Meeting Since Oil Spill". Environment News Service. April 14, 2011. Retrieved August 17, 2013. 
^ a b Antonia Juhasz (October 6, 2009). The Tyranny of Oil: The World's Most Powerful Industry--and What We Must Do to Stop It. HarperCollins. pp. 71–. ISBN 978-0-06-198201-9. Retrieved August 10, 2013. 
^ Baker, David R. (May 10, 2005). "Chevron drops the Texaco from its name". San Francisco Chronicle. Retrieved May 2, 2011. 
^ Droz, Robert V. "Standard Oil Today". US Highways from US 1 to US 830. Archived from the original on October 17, 2015. 
^ "Eastern Withdrawal for Chevron". Archived from the original on July 8, 2011. 
^ "Chevron and Calso". Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ "Vintage Calso Gasoline / Standard Oil of California pump". Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ "The King of Giant Fields". Retrieved June 5, 2013. 
^ Belko, Mark; Schwartzel, Erich (May 1, 2013). "Chevron acquires Kmart property in Moon for possible regional headquarters - Pittsburgh Post-Gazette". Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. 
^ "Gulf Oil acquires brand rights for entire US". Vermont Business Magazine. January 13, 2010. Retrieved May 5, 2010. 
^ "Chevron Corp, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Nov 8, 1996". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 24, 2013. 
^ "Chevron Corp, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 6, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 24, 2013. 
^ "Chevron Corp, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 25, 2007" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 24, 2013. 
^ "Chevron's Profit Rises 24%, With Help From Its Refineries". The New York Times. Reuters. July 28, 2007. Retrieved May 2, 2011. 
^ "Chevron Corp, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Oct 16, 2000". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 24, 2013. 
^ "Oil giant Chevron buys rival Texaco". BBC News. October 16, 2000. Retrieved May 2, 2011. 
^ "Chevron to Acquire Texaco". The Street.com. Retrieved May 2, 2011. 
^ Raine, George (October 10, 2001). "The Chevron - Texaco Merger / An oil giant emergers / Shareholders approval of Chevron-Texaco deal creates industy's lates behemoth.". San Francisco Chronicle. Retrieved May 2, 2011. 
^ "Chevron Corp, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 10, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 24, 2013. 
^ "Chevron Corp, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Apr 7, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 24, 2013. 
^ "Chevron Corp, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Aug 10, 2005" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 24, 2013. 
^ Baker, David R. (April 5, 2005). "Chevron plans to buy Unocal for $18.4 billion / Deal would bolster East Bay oil giant's strategically located sources of gas, crude". San Francisco Chronicle. Retrieved May 2, 2011. 
^ Blum, Justin (August 11, 2005). "Shareholders Vote in Favor Of Unocal Acquisition". The Washington Post. Retrieved May 2, 2011. 
^ a b "Chevron claims energy debate". BBC News. February 19, 2006. Retrieved December 31, 2009. 
^ "Chevron and Los Alamos Jointly Research Oil Shale Hydrocarbon Recovery". Green Car Congress. September 25, 2006. Retrieved April 12, 2009. 
^ "Interior Department Issues Oil Shale Research, Development and Demonstration Leases for Public Lands in Colorado" (Press release). Bureau of Land Management. December 15, 2006. Retrieved April 12, 2009. 
^ "Chevron leaving Western Slope oil shale project". Denver Business Journal. February 28, 2012. Retrieved March 12, 2012. 
^ "Eastern Withdrawal for Chevron | CSP Daily News / Magazine | Petroleum - CSP Information Group, Inc. - news for convenience & petroleum retailing". Cspnet.com. December 7, 2009. Retrieved January 10, 2014. 
^ "Chevron Corp, Form DFAN14A, Filing Date Nov 9, 2010". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 24, 2013. 
^ Kaplan, Thomas (November 9, 2010). "Chevron to Buy Atlas Energy for $4.3 Billion". The New York Times. Retrieved May 2, 2011. 
^ "Chevron Corp, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Feb 24, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved March 24, 2013. 
^ "Chevron Continues Aggressive Expansion into Marcellus Shale in PA – Buys Leases for Additional 228K Acres from Chief Oil & Gas | Marcellus Drilling News". Marcellusdrilling.com. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ Louise Heavens (18 September 2013). "France's Total snaps up Chevron's Pakistan retail network". Reuters. 
^ Chevron sells stake in Canadian shale field to Kuwait. Reuters, 7 October 2014
^ "Chevron cutting up to 7,000 jobs". CBS. Retrieved 30 October 2015. 
^ Ordonez, Isabel (April 8, 2011). "Chevron Rekindles Old Texas Flame". The Wall Street Journal. 
^ "Chevron celebrates 5 billion barrels of Permian Basin crude - Mywesttexas.com: Local Newsroom". Mywesttexas.com. February 16, 2011. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ Garrett, Geoffrey (August 13, 2011). "Why this love triangle works". The Australian. 
^ "Chevron's Gorgon project taking shape | Latest Business & Australian Stock market News". Perth Now. February 2, 2011. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ Burrell, Andrew (June 15, 2011). "Chevron's Wheatstone LNG project to generate 6,500 jobs, says Roy Krzywosinski". The Australian. 
^ "Higher interim dividend by Santos as oil and gas revenue rises". Australian News.Net. 21 August 2014. Retrieved 22 August 2014. 
^ "Escravos Gas-to-Liquids Project, Niger Delta". Hydrocarbons Technology. June 15, 2011. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Chevron Corporation (CVX) Stock Description". Seeking Alpha. December 31, 2009. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Angola LNG". Angola Today. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Chevron Rises To $104 As Kazakhstan Kicks Up Production". Forbes. October 13, 2011. Retrieved June 23, 2013. 
^ "Caspian Pipeline Consortium: Private Company Information - Businessweek". Investing.businessweek.com. September 20, 2011. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ Stanley Reed (July 23, 2013). "Chevron to Spend $770 Million on Remote Projects". The New York Times. Retrieved July 23, 2013. 
^ a b "e10vk". Sec.gov. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ Paton, James (August 22, 2011). "Caltex Australia Starts Review of Refineries as Margins Drop". Bloomberg L.P. 
^ Tanveer Ahmed (July 1, 2010). "PSO willing to raise stakes in PRL". 'Daily Times. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "N.Z. Refining Jumps After Valero Said to Plan Bid (Update2)". Bloomberg L.P. July 24, 2009. 
^ "Refining Crude Oil - Energy Explained, Your Guide To Understanding Energy". Eia.gov. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Paraquat". 
^ Marinucci, Carla (May 5, 2001). "Chevron redubs ship named for Bush aide". San Francisco Chronicle. Retrieved October 13, 2008. 
^ Hsu, Tiffany (March 22, 2010). "Chevron is putting solar technologies to the test". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved July 11, 2013. 
^ "Harnessing the Heat of Indonesia's Volcanoes". Bloomberg Businessweek. July 7, 2011. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Chevron bets on $30B volcanoes beneath rainforest". Financial Post. June 15, 2011. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Chevron to expand its geothermal sites in the Philippines". Think GeoEnergy. June 21, 2010. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Aboitiz, Chevron eye more drillings at Tiwi-Makban geothermal fields". Business. Philippines: Philstar.com. July 13, 2009. 
^ "Chevron backs green and slimy answer to biofuel problems - 02 Nov 2007 - News from". BusinessGreen. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Chevron investigates wood-fired cars - 04 Mar 2008 - News from". BusinessGreen. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Chevron Defies California On Carbon Emissions". Bloomberg L.P. April 18, 2013. Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ "Chevron forms $12M biofuel research alliance". Bizjournals.com. June 15, 2006. 
^ "BioSelect, Chevron unveil Galveston biodiesel plant". Bizjournals.com. May 29, 2007. 
^ Swartz, Jon (May 26, 2011). "Big companies aggressively jump into clean tech". USA Today. 
^ Woody, Todd (May 22, 2010). "Chevron Testing Solar Technologies". The New York Times. Retrieved June 23, 2013. 
^ "Solar energy powers production of heavy oil in California". Oil & Gas Journal. May 2, 2007. (subscription required). Retrieved June 23, 2013. 
^ "Chevron adds solar power to area mine". UPI. February 24, 2010. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Solar farm a sign of things to come". U-T San Diego. April 20, 2011. Retrieved June 23, 2013. 
^ Korosec, Kirsten (October 3, 2011). "Chevron uses solar power to produce more oil". SmartPlanet. Retrieved July 23, 2012. 
^ "Chevron Makes It Official With Sale of Renewable-Energy Unit to OpTerra - Businessweek". 
^ "AP/ January 27, 2012, 12:21 PM Chevron 4Q profit falls on refinery decline". CBS News. January 27, 2012. Retrieved July 15, 2013. 
^ Raine, George (September 6, 2001). "Ending an era, Chevron abandons S.F. headquarters / Exodus to San Ramon complete". San Francisco Chronicle. Retrieved July 15, 2013. 
^ Daugherty, Deon (July 8, 2013). "Chevron plans new Houston tower, hiring spree". Houston Business Journal. Retrieved July 15, 2013. 
^ "Chevron donates $2.5 million to GOP super PAC". The Washington Post. 
^ "Chevron to donate $40 million to Niger focused NGO". Reuters. June 11, 2014. Retrieved 2015-03-16. 
^ "Chevron, NGO partner to empower indigent women". Daily Independent. June 11, 2014. Retrieved 2015-03-16. 
^ Juan Forero "Rain Forest Residents, Texaco Face Off In Ecuador". NPR, April 30, 2009. Retrieved December 17, 2012
^ a b c d "Finally, the polluter is commanded to pay". The Independent. London. February 16, 2011. p. 2. 
^ Bogumil Terminski "Oil-Induced Displacement and Resettlement: Social Problem and Human Rights Issue". Conflictrecovery.org.
^ Paul Barrett “Top U.S. Law Firms Battle in Chevron's Pollution Case”. Businessweek, January 15, 2013. Retrieved January 17, 2013
^ Patrick Radden Keefe “Reversal of Fortune”. The New Yorker, January 9, 2012. Retrieved January 21, 2013.
^ "Texaco faces $1bn lawsuit". Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ "Chevron fined for Amazon pollution by Ecuador court". BBC News. Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ a b c Kraus, Clifford (March 4, 2014). "Big Victory for Chevron over Claims in Ecuador". New York Times. Retrieved 2015-03-16. 
^ a b Chevron Corporation 2008 Annual Shareholders' Report.
^ Font size Print E-mail Share 130 Comments Page 2 of 4 (May 3, 2009). "60 Minutes "Amazon Crude", May 3, 2009". CBS News. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ "Chevron annual meeting heats up over Ecuador suit". sify.com. Associated Press. May 31, 2009. 
^ a b "Chevron fined for Amazon pollution by Ecuador court". BBC News. February 15, 2011. Retrieved February 15, 2011. 
^ "Ecuador court orders Chevron to pay $8 bln -lawyer". Reuters. February 15, 2011. Retrieved February 15, 2011. 
^ a b "Ecuador plaintiffs say Chevron ruling falls short". Reuters. February 15, 2011. Retrieved February 15, 2011. 
^ Chevron fails to block $18 billion Ecuador judgment. Reuters, October 9, 2 . Retrieved January 25, 2013
^ "Chevron gets one up on Ecuador". EnergyNewsBulletin.net. Retrieved 19 September 2013. 
^ "U.S. Judge Hands Win to Chevron, Slams Lawyer". The Wall Street Journal. March 4, 2014. 
^ BBC, US judge annuls Ecuador oil ruling against Chevron, 4 Mar. 2014.
^ "Letter Showing Chevron Asked for Videos Back". 
^ "Videos Suggest Cover-up of Amazon pollution - Al Jazeera America". 
^ [The Corpus Christi (TX) and Lake Charles (LA) refineries have "From Well to Wheel: The Social, Environmental, and Climate Costs of Amazon Crude"] Check |url= value (help). Amazon Watch. Retrieved 27 March 2017. 
^ "Chevron, Oil Pollution, and Human Rights". AfricaResource.com. October 30, 2006. Archived from the original on 2006-10-30. 
^ "Business | Angola fines Chevron for pollution". BBC News. July 1, 2002. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ a b "U.S. Announces Clean Air Agreement with Chevron U.S.A.". Environmental Protection Agency. October 16, 2003. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "U.S. Announces Clean Air Settlement with Chevron U.S.A.". Department of Justice. October 16, 2003. Retrieved May 6, 2008. 
^ a b "Chevron Agrees to Record $7 Million Environmental Settlement". Department of Justice. August 11, 2000. Retrieved May 6, 2008. 
^ Baker, David R. (March 22, 2006). "Quest for clean energy / Chevron, PG&E cited for positive steps to combat global warming". Sfgate.com. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ Markets Served Archived January 5, 2016, at the Wayback Machine. Cobasys. Retrieved on 2007-08-06.
^ Cobabsys: Investors Archived January 5, 2016, at the Wayback Machine. (Corporate website). Cobasys. Retrieved on 2007-08-07.
^ Roberson, J. Supplier Cobasys exploring more hybrid batteries. Detroit Free Press, 2007-03-14. Retrieved on 2007-08-06.
^ Ovonic Materials Division — NiMH Battery JV Overview ECD Ovonics. Retrieved on 2007-08-08.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on April 1, 2012. Retrieved September 23, 2011. 
^ [1] Archived April 1, 2012, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "www.prnewswire.com". 
^ Boschert, S. (2007) Plug-in Hybrids: The Cars that Will Recharge America (Gabriola Island, BC: New Society Publishers) ISBN 978-0-86571-571-4
^ Brigis, Alvis (October 14, 2008). "The Edison of our Age: Stan Ovshinsky and the Future of Energy [Video Interview Part 1]". The Energy Roadmap. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ ECD Ovonics 10-Q Quarterly Report Archived July 28, 2009, at the Wayback Machine. for the period ending March 31, 2008
^ "Mercedes sues Cobasys over battery deal". Automotive News. Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ https://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=newsarchive&sid=ai_WuJj0.LLU
^ a b "Transcript of Drilling and Killing Documentary". Democracy Now!. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ Egelko, Bob (August 15, 2007). "Chevron can be sued for attacks on Nigerians, U.S. judge rules". The San Francisco Chronicle. 
^ "S.F. jury clears Chevron of protest shootings". SFGate. December 2, 2008. Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ Ewen MacAskill in Washington (December 15, 2010). "WikiLeaks cables: Chevron discussed oil project with Tehran, claims Iraqi PM | World news". London: The Guardian. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ "US embassy cables: Iraqi PM claims US oil company in contact with Iran | Business | guardian.co.uk". London: Guardian. December 15, 2010. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ "CHEVRON RICHMOND REFINERY TO PAY $540,000 ENVIRONMENTAL PENALTY | Newsroom | US EPA". Yosemite.epa.gov. October 15, 1998. Retrieved February 16, 2011. 
^ "Responsible Shopper Profile: Chevron". COOP America. Archived from the original on 2006-06-21. 
^ "EXPLOSION, FIRE AT CHEVRON REFINERY RESTRICT WEST COAST OIL PRODUCTION". The Boston Globe. Boston. April 12, 1989. 
^ "Chevron Fined for Its Failure To Equip Firefighting Workers". The Washington Post. Washington, D.C. September 27, 1989. 
^ "Huge explosion rocks Richmond oil refinery". San Francisco Chronicle. March 26, 1999. Retrieved 8 August 2012. 
^ Bender, Kristin J.; Jimenez, Daniel M. (August 6, 2012). "Massive fire at Chevron refinery in Richmond fully contained; shelter in place lifted". Contra Costa Times. 
^ Bender, Kristin J.; Jimenez, Daniel M. (August 6, 2012). "Massive fire at Chevron refinery in Richmond fully contained; shelter in place lifted". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved August 8, 2012. 
^ Jaxon Van Derbeken (August 20, 2012). "Chevron refinery fire a 'close call'". San Francisco Chronicle. Retrieved August 21, 2012.
^ a b "Chevron to Pay $2 Million for 2012 Refinery Fire in Richmond, CA; 200 Arrested at Protest". Democracy Now!. August 6, 2013. Retrieved August 6, 2013. It was one year ago when a massive fire at a Chevron refinery in Richmond, California, sent toxic smoke billowing into the air about 10 miles northeast of San Francisco. In the aftermath, more than 15,000 people sought medical treatment for respiratory problems. On Monday, Chevron pleaded no contest to six criminal charges related to the fire and agreed to submit to additional oversight over the next few years and pay $2 million in fines and restitution as part of a plea deal with state and county prosecutors. Two days earlier, thousands of people marched to condemn safety issues at Chevron’s plant and to call for renewable alternatives to fossil fuels. 
^ "Chevron pays $2m fines and pleads no contest to Richmond fire charges". Associated Press report appearing in The Guardian. 5 August 2013. Retrieved 6 August 2013. 
^ "Chevron Takes Responsibility for Brazil Oil Spill, May Face $51M Fine". Foxnews.com. November 21, 2011. Archived from the original on 2011-11-21. Retrieved October 22, 2015. 
^ "Chevron takes full responsibility for Brazil oil spill". BBC.co.uk. November 11, 2011. 
^ "Chevron faces $10.6bn Brazil legal suit over oil spill". BBC News. December 14, 2011. On March 16, 2012 the Brazilian Federal Justice prohibited 17 key people (including George Buck and other foreigners) connected to Chevron Brazil from leaving the country without judicial permission because of evident guilt on the 2011 oil spills. 
^ "Chevron and Brazil Reach Deal on Oil Spill - NYTimes.com". 
^ "Chevron to pay $155 million for Brazil oil spill". 
^ "Exclusive: Riggers sought evacuation before deadly Chevron blast". Reuters. July 11, 2012. 
^ Schmidt, Kathrine (January 17, 2012). "Chevron prepares to drill Nigeria relief well". Upstream Online. NHST Media Group. (subscription required). Retrieved January 24, 2012. 
^ "Chevron suspends survey after fire in Bangladesh". 
^ "Chevron resumes survey after fire in Bangladesh | Reuters". 
^ "Blokuj badania ws. ³upków? Chevron pozywa mieszkañców Lubelszczyzny. 'To jest wojna'". gazetapl. Archived from the original on 2015-04-02. Retrieved April 4, 2014. 
^ Polish TVP interview and material about gas exploration in Poland, first broadcast in Wiadomosci, on 7-11-2013
^ "Przez łupki premier Tusk może stracić działkę". Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ a b "Protests against Chevron highlight Argentine energy woes - CSMonitor.com". 
^ "Página/12 :: Economía :: Balas, gases y represión". Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ "Masiva marcha en Neuquén en contra del acuerdo por Vaca Muerta". Clarin.com. Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ "The Argentina Independent - Tag Archive - YPF". Retrieved September 20, 2014. 
^ "Public Eye Awards". publiceye.ch. Public Eye. Archived from the original on 2015-11-04. Retrieved 2017-03-27. 
^ "The Public Eye Awards 2006 go to Chevron, Disney and Citigroup". publiceye.ch. Public Eye. 2006-01-25. Retrieved 2017-03-27. 
^ Pylas, Pan (2015-01-23). "Chevron slams mock award". usnews.com. U.S. News and World Report. Retrieved 2017-03-27. Chevron was responsible for one of the world's worst-ever environmental disasters in the Ecuador rainforest 
^ http://amazonwatch.org/assets/files/2014-chevrons-threat-to-open-society.pdf
^ Elena Cherney (September 13, 2016). "Companies Might Have to Disclose Their Carbon-Related Risks; New regulations could require firms to disclose risks tied to climate change". WSJ. Retrieved September 27, 2016. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Chevron (company).



Official website





Business data for Chevron Corporation: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings







Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 150159455












v
t
e


Chevron Corporation



Petroleum brands



Caltex
Chevron
Citgo
Texaco





Technology



Clarity
Delo
Havoline
Techron





Acquisition



Unocal Corporation
Texaco, Inc





Related



Petroleum Industry
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Supermajor












v
t
e


Petroleum industry






Petroleum
Primary energy









Benchmarks



Argus Sour
Bonny Light
Brent
Dubai
Indonesian
Isthmus-34 Light
Japan Cocktail
OPEC Reference Basket
Tapis
Urals
Western Canadian Select
West Texas Intermediate





Data




Natural gas



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price





Petroleum



Consumption
Production
Reserves
Imports
Exports
Price (of gasoline and diesel)








Exploration



Core sampling
Geophysics
Integrated asset modelling
Petroleum engineering

Reservoir simulation
Seismic to simulation


Petroleum geology
Petrophysics
Reflection seismology (Seismic inversion)
Seismic source





Drilling



Blowout
Completion (Squeeze job)
Differential sticking
Directional drilling (Geosteering)
Drilling engineering
Drilling fluid (invasion)
Drill stem test
Lost circulation
Measurement
Tracers
Underbalanced drilling
Well logging





Production



Petroleum fiscal regime

Concessions
Production sharing agreements


Artificial lift

Pumpjack
Submersible pump (ESP)
Gas lift


Downstream
Enhanced oil recovery (EOR)

Steam injection
Gas reinjection


Midstream
Petroleum product
Pipeline transport
Refining
Upstream
Water injection
Well intervention
XT





History



1967 Oil Embargo
1973 oil crisis
1979 energy crisis
1980s oil glut
1990 oil price shock
2000s energy crisis
2010s oil glut
Founders
History of the petroleum industry
Nationalization
OPEC
GECF
Seven Sisters
Standard Oil
Oil market timelines





Provinces
and fields



List of natural gas fields
List of oil fields
East Midlands Oil Province
East Texas
Gulf of Mexico
Niger Delta
North Sea
Permian Basin
Persian Gulf
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field
Russia
Venezuela
Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin





Other topics



Acronyms
Oil shale gas
Peak oil

mitigation
timing


People
Petrocurrency
Petrodollar recycling
Shale gas
Swing producer
Unconventional oil

heavy crude
oil sands
oil shale















Companies and organisations








Major petroleum
companies





Supermajors



BP
Chevron
Eni
ExxonMobil
Royal Dutch Shell
Total






National oil
companies




ADNOC (UAE)
CNOOC (China)
CNPC (China)
Ecopetrol (Colombia)
Gazprom (Russia)
Iraq National Oil Company
Indian Oil Corporation
KazMunayGas (Kazakhstan)
Kuwait Petroleum Corporation
Lotos (Poland)
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
NIOC (Iran)
NISOC (Iran)
OGDCL (Pakistan)
ONGC (India)
PDVSA (Venezuela)
PKN Orlen (Poland)
Pemex (Mexico)
Pertamina (Indonesia)
PetroBangla (Bangladesh)
Petrobras (Brazil)
PetroChina
Petronas (Malaysia)
Petrovietnam
PTT (Thailand)
Qatar Petroleum
Rosneft (Russia)
Saudi Aramco (Saudi Arabia)
Sinopec (China)
SOCAR (Azerbaijan)
Sonangol (Angola)
Sonatrach (Algeria)
Statoil (Norway)
TPAO (Turkey)
YPF (Argentina)





Energy trading



Glencore
Gunvor
Mercuria
Naftiran Intertrade
Trafigura
Vitol





Other



Anadarko
Apache
BG Group
Cenovus Energy
Compañía Española de Petróleos
ConocoPhillips
Devon
Galp Energia
Hess
Husky Energy
Imperial Oil
Lukoil
Marathon Oil
Nippon Oil
Occidental
OMV
Port Harcourt Refining Company
Reliance Industries
Repsol
Suncor Energy
Surgutneftegas
TNK-BP
Tullow Oil
Tüpraş









Major services
companies




Amec Foster Wheeler
Baker Hughes
Cameron
CGG
CH2M Hill
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
China Oilfield Services
Enbridge
Ensco
GE Oil & Gas
Halliburton
Nabors Industries
Naftiran Intertrade
National Oilwell Varco
Petrofac
Saipem
Schlumberger
Snam
Subsea 7
TransCanada
Transocean
Weatherford
Wood Group





Other



International Association of Oil & Gas Producers
International Energy Agency
International Petroleum Exchange
OPEC
Society of Petroleum Engineers
World Petroleum Council














Category
 Commons












v
t
e


Components of the Dow Jones Industrial Average






3M
American Express
Apple
Boeing
Caterpillar
Chevron
Cisco Systems
Coca-Cola
Disney
DuPont
ExxonMobil
General Electric
Goldman Sachs
The Home Depot
Intel
IBM
Johnson & Johnson
JPMorgan Chase
McDonald's
Merck & Co.
Microsoft
Nike
Pfizer
Procter & Gamble
Travelers
UnitedHealth Group
United Technologies
Verizon Communications
Visa
Walmart










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Chevron_Corporation&oldid=790919812"					
Categories: Chevron CorporationMultinational oil companiesOil companies of the United StatesChemical companies of the United StatesAlgal fuel producersAutomotive fuel brandsGas stations in CanadaGas stations in the United StatesCompanies based in San FranciscoCompanies based in San Ramon, CaliforniaAutomotive companies of the United StatesMultinational companies headquartered in the United StatesPetroleum in CaliforniaPeabody Award winnersCompanies in the Dow Jones Industrial AverageCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeEnergy companies established in 1879Non-renewable resource companies established in 1879American companies established in 18791879 establishments in CaliforniaHidden categories: Pages containing links to subscription-only contentPages with URL errorsWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from September 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from 2014All articles containing potentially dated statementsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2013Articles with unsourced statements from August 2013All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from March 2015Articles needing additional references from March 2015All articles needing additional referencesAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from March 2015Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaBân-lâm-gúБългарскиCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolفارسیFrançais客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתҚазақшаLatinaLietuviųമലയാളംNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 16 July 2017, at 23:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






