

Fuchs Petrolub SE: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 10:43 AM ET
Chemicals

Company Overview of Fuchs Petrolub SE



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Fuchs Petrolub SE engages in the development, production, distribution, and sale of lubricants and related specialties worldwide. Its automotive lubricants product group includes engine oils, gear oils, shock absorber oils, motorcycle lubricants, lubricants for agricultural machinery, and service fluids; industrial lubricants and specialties product group primarily comprises metal-working fluids, corrosion preventatives, hydraulic and gear oils, greases, and other specialties; and other products group consists of toll blending, chemical process management, and trade activities. The company also offers compressor oils, slide way oils, turbine and machine oils, cylinder and transformer oils, t...
Fuchs Petrolub SE engages in the development, production, distribution, and sale of lubricants and related specialties worldwide. Its automotive lubricants product group includes engine oils, gear oils, shock absorber oils, motorcycle lubricants, lubricants for agricultural machinery, and service fluids; industrial lubricants and specialties product group primarily comprises metal-working fluids, corrosion preventatives, hydraulic and gear oils, greases, and other specialties; and other products group consists of toll blending, chemical process management, and trade activities. The company also offers compressor oils, slide way oils, turbine and machine oils, cylinder and transformer oils, tacky oils, heat transfer oils, general lubricating oils, refrigerator oils, and textile oils; and cutting and grinding lubricants, forming lubricants, cleaners, quenching fluids, and minimal quantity lubrication products. In addition, it provides open gear, hot metal forming, food grade, glass, dry coating, wind power, bearing, casting, biodegradable, gearbox, rail, refractory, rolling, and wire rope lubricants; concrete release agents; chain oils; high temperature, oxygen, and grease pastes; high-temperature, calcium, lithium, polyurea, silicon, and other greases; and PFPE products. Further, the company offers condition monitoring and tailor-made development; chemical process management; and open gear, analytical, technical, and coating services. It provides its products to automotive suppliers and OEMs; mechanical engineering, metalworking, mining and exploration, aerospace, power generation, construction and transport, agriculture, and forestry sectors; and steel, metal, casting and forging, and cement industries, as well as food industry and glass producing sectors. Fuchs Petrolub SE was founded in 1931 and is headquartered in Mannheim, Germany.
Detailed Description


Friesenheimer Strasse 17Mannheim,  68169GermanyFounded in 19314,898 Employees



Phone: 49 621 3802 0

Fax: 49 621 3802 7190

www.fuchs.com/group







Key Executives for Fuchs Petrolub SE




Mr. Stefan Rudolf Fuchs


      	Chairman of Executive Board, CEO and CEO of Region North & South America
      


Age: 49
        

Total Annual Compensation: €1.8M








Ms. Dagmar Steinert


      	CFO, Head of Investor Relations & Member of Executive Board
      


Age: 53
        

Total Annual Compensation: €809.0K








Dr. Ralph Rheinboldt


      	Head of Europe Region & Member of Executive Board
      


Age: 50
        

Total Annual Compensation: €994.0K








Dr. Timo Reister


      	Head of Asia-Pacific & Africa Region and Member of Executive Board
      


Age: 38
        

Total Annual Compensation: €809.0K








Dr. Lutz Lindemann


      	CTO & Member of the Executive Board
      


Age: 57
        

Total Annual Compensation: €994.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Fuchs Petrolub SE Key Developments

FUCHS PETROLUB SE Announces Earnings Results for the First Half of 2017; Provides Earning Guidance for the Fiscal Year 2017
Aug 1 17
FUCHS PETROLUB SE announced earnings results for the first half of 2017. For the first half, the company reported sales revenues were EUR 1,247 million against EUR 1,136 million a year ago. Earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) were EUR 190 million against EUR 183 million a year ago. Earnings after tax were EUR 134 million against EUR 127 million a year ago. Capital expenditure was EUR 41 million against EUR 32 million a year ago. Free cash flow before acquisitions was EUR 53 million against EUR 72 million a year ago. Earnings per share for ordinary share were EUR 0.95 against EUR 0.90 a year ago. Earnings per share for preference share were EUR 0.96 against EUR 0.91 a year ago.

The Group is reaffirming its earnings outlook for the financial year 2017, but adjusting its sales revenue outlook in line with the changed overall conditions. The company is anticipating growth in sales revenues of 7% to 10%. The Group is anticipating a rise in EBIT of between 1% and 5%.


Fuchs Petrolub SE Opens New $26 Million Grease Plant Near Chicago's South Side to Service North American Customers
May 15 17
Fuchs Petrolub SE announced the opening of a new $26 million grease manufacturing plant, research laboratory and warehouse near Chicago. The new 34,000 square-foot factory will serve the automotive, heavy-duty truck, construction, rail, and off-road markets in North America. In addition to the manufacturing plant, FUCHS has built a new research and development as well as technical services laboratory and warehouse at the Harvey site. The new laboratory will be used for testing existing products and also developing new products.


Fuchs Petrolub SE Presents at Goldman Sachs 10th European Small and Mid-Cap Symposium, May-10-2017
May 8 17
Fuchs Petrolub SE Presents at Goldman Sachs 10th European Small and Mid-Cap Symposium, May-10-2017 . Venue: London, United Kingdom.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 A. M. Ramp & Co GmbH Europe Aacure Adhesives GmbH Europe ADDCON GROUP GmbH Europe addfinity GmbH Europe addfinity testa GmbH Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Fuchs Petrolub SE, please visit www.fuchs.com/group.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























FPE3.DE Profile | FUCHS PETROL.SE VZO O.N. Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets close in 5 hrs 17 minsS&P 5002,473.69-3.88 (-0.16%)Dow 3022,026.07+9.83 (+0.04%)Nasdaq6,349.07-13.58 (-0.21%)Fuchs Petrolub SE (FPE3.DE)XETRA - XETRA Delayed Price. Currency in EURAdd to watchlist47.705-1.480 (-3.009%)As of  4:27PM CEST. Market open.People also watchFIE.DELEO.DEKRN.DEGBF.DEGIL.DESummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsFuchs Petrolub SEFriesenheimer Strasse 17Mannheim 68169Germany49 621 3802 0http://www.fuchs.com/groupSector: Basic MaterialsIndustry: Chemicals - Major DiversifiedFull Time Employees: 4,945Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Stefan Rudolf FuchsChairman of Exec. Board, CEO and CEO of Region North & South America2MN/A49Ms. Dagmar  SteinertCFO, Head of Investor Relations & Member of Exec. Board919kN/A53Dr. Ralph  RheinboldtHead of Europe Region & Member of Exec. Board1.13MN/A50Dr. Lutz  LindemannCTO & Member of the Exec. Board1.19MN/A57Dr. Timo  ReisterHead of Asia-Pacific & Africa Region and Member of Exec. Board924kN/A38Amounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in EUR.DescriptionFuchs Petrolub SE engages in the development, production, distribution, and sale of lubricants and related specialties worldwide. Its automotive lubricants product group includes engine oils, gear oils, shock absorber oils, motorcycle lubricants, lubricants for agricultural machinery, and service fluids; industrial lubricants and specialties product group primarily comprises metal-working fluids, corrosion preventatives, hydraulic and gear oils, greases, and other specialties; and other products group consists of toll blending, chemical process management, and trade activities. The company also offers compressor oils, slide way oils, turbine and machine oils, cylinder and transformer oils, tacky oils, heat transfer oils, general lubricating oils, refrigerator oils, and textile oils; and cutting and grinding lubricants, forming lubricants, cleaners, quenching fluids, and minimal quantity lubrication products. In addition, it provides open gear, hot metal forming, food grade, glass, dry coating, wind power, bearing, casting, biodegradable, gearbox, rail, refractory, rolling, and wire rope lubricants; concrete release agents; chain oils; high temperature, oxygen, and grease pastes; high-temperature, calcium, lithium, polyurea, silicon, and other greases; and PFPE products. Further, the company offers condition monitoring and tailor-made development; chemical process management; and open gear, analytical, technical, and coating services. It provides its products to automotive suppliers and OEMs; mechanical engineering, metalworking, mining and exploration, aerospace, power generation, construction and transport, agriculture, and forestry sectors; and steel, metal, casting and forging, and cement industries, as well as food industry and glass producing sectors. Fuchs Petrolub SE was founded in 1931 and is headquartered in Mannheim, Germany.Corporate GovernanceFuchs Petrolub SE’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of N/A is N/A. The pillar scores are Audit: N/A; Board: N/A; Shareholder Rights: N/A; Compensation: N/A.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)








Fuchs Petrolub - Wikipedia






















 






Fuchs Petrolub

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Fuchs Petrolub SE





Type

Societas Europaea


Traded as
FWB: FPE


Industry
Chemicals


Founded
1931


Founder
Rudolf Fuchs


Headquarters
Mannheim, Germany



Number of locations

main manufacturing locations include:
Mannheim, Germany,
Belper, England



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Jürgen Strube (Chairman of the supervisory board), Stefan Fuchs (CEO)


Products
Lubricants, speciality automotive chemicals


Revenue
€1.459 billion (2010)[1]



Operating income

€250.1 million (2010)[1]


Profit
€170.7 million (2010)[1]


Total assets
€894.2 million (end 2010)[1]


Total equity
€545.9 million (end 2010)[1]



Number of employees

3,580 (end 2010)[1]


Website
www.fuchs-oil.com


Fuchs Petrolub SE is the world's largest independent manufacturer of lubricants, and related speciality products.[2][3][4][5] The company's headquarters are at Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, where the company was founded in 1931. Fuchs is a public company listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. As of 2016, it is a constituent of the MDAX trading index of German mid-cap companies.[6]



Contents


1 Fuchs products

1.1 Automotive products
1.2 Industrial products
1.3 Civil Engineering products
1.4 Mechanical Engineering products
1.5 General application products


2 Fuchs Lubritech
3 The "Silkolene" brand name
4 Fuchs in motorsports
5 Fuchs in association football
6 References
7 External links



Fuchs products[edit]
Fuchs produces a wide range of products, which include automotive lubricants (engine motor oils and transmission, for motor cars, motorcycles, agricultural, plant and stationary engines), metalworking lubricants, industrial, civil engineering, and hydraulic products. Fuchs also produces the Planto range of biodegradable products.
Automotive products[edit]

Fuchs Titan is a range of products aimed at motor cars, trucks, buses, agricultural and plant equipment.
Fuchs Silkolene is a product range specifically for motorcycles.

Industrial products[edit]

Fuchs Renolin are a range of hydraulic and industrial gearbox lubricants.

Civil Engineering products[edit]

Fuchs Renocast are a range of mould release agents, used when casting concrete.

Mechanical Engineering products[edit]

Fuchs Ecocut and Ecocool are fluids for metalworking, specifically cutting and general machining.
Fuchs Renoform and Trenoil are used for forming metals, be that die drawing, rolling or pressing, in both hot and cold processes.
Fuchs Thermisol are a range of quenching oils, used for heat treatment processes, including annealing and tempering.

General application products[edit]

Fuchs Renolit are a range of greases used across their entire portfolio, including aviation and food processing.
The Fuchs Anticorit range are non-toxic protectives for anti-corrosion, across a wide variety of applications, and are particularly suited to packaging, storage and transportation

Fuchs Lubritech[edit]
Fuchs Lubritech is a division that specializes in specialty lubricants, coatings and services for all industrial applications, especially mining, and other types of processing and
The "Silkolene" brand name[edit]
The Silkolene brand name has a long history, with the company originating in England. Initially, it was called Dalton and Company, being named after its founder, and sold Silkolene products. However, recognising the strength of the Silkolene brand, in the early 1980s, the company was renamed Silkolene Lubricants. In 1989, Silkolene Lubricants was acquired by the German Fuchs group, and the products were subsequently renamed Fuchs Silkolene.
The products themselves gained a high international regard.[citation needed] The Silkolene company developed specialist lubricants for aviation, including oils for the Merlin engine, as used in the Spitfire, Hurricane and Lancaster, to name a few. Silkolene dedicated many years on technical cooperation with the US Air Force, and was also involved with the supersonic passenger aircraft, Concorde. The company amassed expertise with synthetic lubricant technology, and Silkolene became a recognised world leader in the field of synthetic lubricants, including esters.[citation needed]
Synthetic lubricant technology continued, and in the early 1990s, developments continued to include Aerospace engineering, along with motorsports, including rallying and motorcycle racing. An early partnership was with Honda UK Motorcycle Race Team. With positive market exposure, coupled with a very high degree of research and development (R&D), and success in competition, Silkolene products became the market leader in the UK.
Presently, Silkolene products continue to be manufactured at Hanley, Stoke-on-Trent, in England. They are now also made in Germany, the US, and South East Asia. Fuchs purchased the British Batoyle Freedom Group company of Norfolk in 2014.[7][8]
Fuchs in motorsports[edit]
Fuchs, like many of their competitor brands of lubricants, have a strong worldwide presence in motorsports, particularly in Europe and the USA.
In the 2-wheel automotive segment, the Fuchs Silkolene brand sponsors many different classes of motorcycle racing, including prototype based racing: MotoGP, and production based SuperBike and SuperSports racing: World SuperBikes, World SuperSports, British SuperBikes. The brand has also been involved with Motorcross, and Speedway. Fuchs have a current long term partnership with Kawasaki motorcycles, although they also sponsor Honda, Suzuki and Yamaha. Silkolene have also participated in the Isle of Man TT races, arguably, the toughest test in the world for any motorcycle.
In Australia, in 2016 Fuchs are sponsoring V8 Supercar teams Brad Jones Racing and Charlie Schwerkolt Racing, having previously sponsored Tasman Motorsport, Stone Brothers Racing and Erebus Motorsport, as well as drag racing teams John Zappia Racing and Lamattina Top Fuel Racing.
Fuchs in association football[edit]
Fuchs are currently the sponsors of the Iraqi Premier League, which is therefore officially known as the Fuchs Premier League. They also have a sponsorship deal with the Iraq national football team, with the company's logo featuring on the national team's training kits. Fuchs also sponsor Iraqi football clubs Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya, Al-Minaa, Karbalaa and Al-Talaba.
References[edit]



^ a b c d e f "Annual Report 2010" (PDF). Fuchs Petrolub. Retrieved 27 March 2010. 
^ Fuchs history
^ Matthews, Sheenagh. "Fuchs Shares Drop as Demand for Lubricants Seen Stagnating". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 
^ Cremer, Andreas. "Fuchs Petrolub, Jenoptik, Solarworld: German Equity Preview". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 
^ Randow, Jana. "German Factory Orders Unexpectedly Decline for Third Month". Bloomberg. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 
^ "MDAX Constituents". Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Deutsche Börse. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 
^ Allcock, Andrew. "Fuchs Lubricants (UK) buys Batoyle Freedom Group". Machinery. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 
^ Zientek, Henryk. "Batoyle jobs in Milnsbridge at risk following sale to German company". Huddersfield Daily Examiner. Retrieved 19 April 2016. 



External links[edit]


Germany portal
Energy portal
Companies portal



Official website (English)
Official website (German)
Frankfurt Stock Exchange listing (Deutsche Börse)
Bloomberg
Reuters







v
t
e


MDAX companies of Germany






Aareal Bank
Airbus Group
Aurubis
Axel Springer
Bilfinger
Brenntag
CTS Eventim
Deutsche EuroShop
Deutsche Pfandbriefbank
Deutsche Wohnen
Dürr
ElringKlinger
Evonik Industries
Fielmann
Fraport
Fuchs Petrolub
GEA Group
Gerresheimer
DMG Mori Seiki AG
Hannover Re
Hella
Hochtief
Hugo Boss
Jungheinrich
Kabel Deutschland
KION Group
Klöckner
Krones
KUKA
Lanxess
LEG Immobilien
Leoni
MAN
Metro
MTU Aero Engines
Norma Group
Osram
ProSiebenSat.1 Media
Rheinmetall
Rhön-Klinikum
RTL Group
Salzgitter
Südzucker
Symrise
STADA
TAG
Talanx
Wacker Chemie
Wincor Nixdorf
Zalando










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Fuchs_Petrolub&oldid=792330110"					
Categories: Motor oilsOil companies of GermanyManufacturing companies of GermanyMultinational companies headquartered in GermanyCompanies based in Baden-WürttembergManufacturing companies established in 19311931 establishments in GermanyCompanies listed on the Frankfurt Stock ExchangeGerman brandsHidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from October 2009Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 25 July 2017, at 22:13.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Key Technologies | FUCHS PETROLUB SE           ×We use cookies to ensure our website works properly and to collect statistics about users in order for us to improve the website. If you continue to browse this site you will accept our use of cookies.Read moreJump to content     HomeTechnology & SustainabilityTechnologyKey Technologies Key technologies XTL TECHNOLOGY Pioneering XTL technology for a new generation of automotive lubricants that provides significant progress in the field of consumption reduction. Products on the basis of the newly developed XTL technology impress with better cold start behavior and lower consumption in terms of both fuel and oil, while at the same time offering excellent aging stability and operational reliability. XTL is an innovative formulation technology with optimized fluidity properties and unique viscosity-temperature behavior. FUCHS is a driver of innovation in this field. CPX TECHNOLOGY FOR CORROSION PREVENTIONWith its CPX technology, FUCHS set a milestone in corrosion protection at the start of 2012. A revolutionary technology in the field of wax preservation. CPX increases the period of corrosion protection and optimizes the manufacturing process with its gel-like film behavior.ECOCOOL PHH AL COOLING LUBRICANTWith ECOCOOL PHH AL, FUCHS has developed a universally deployable cooling lubricant for aerospace applications that is suitable for all kinds of material groups, is boron and biocide-free and fulfills the requirements of REACH and TSCA. Beside the standard market engine materials (titanium, nickel and aluminum alloys), the test also had to be passed for older high-strength steels to be approved for use at Lufthansa Technik. TITAN GT1 0W20 ENGINE OILTITAN GT1 0W20 is a groundbreaking zinc-free low viscosity engine oil launched back in the 90s as the first zinc-free performance engine oil as technology platform to prove the possibility of combining the revolutionary zinc-free additive technology with an at that time ultra-low viscosity level and still passing the toughest engine test regimes. Made of 50% made from renewable raw materials at a time where sustainability was no industry driver: an engine oil ahead of its time.   RENOLIN XTREME TEMP 46 INDUSTRIAL OILA special product in terms of sustainability is the newly developed RENOLIN Xtreme Temp 46. Thanks to its special composition, it displays fuel saving potential of 3% to 6% in mobile hydraulics applications. RENOLIN ZAF B HT INDUSTRIAL OILThe RENOLIN ZAF B HT range excels through high thermal and oxidative resistance and excellent wear-protection characteristics. In combination with selected mineral oil-based solvent raffinates, the innovative zinc-free and ash-free additive technology guarantees excellent hydraulic and gear oil properties. ANTICORIT CPX LONG-TERM CORROSION PREVENTIONWith its ANTICORIT CPX range, FUCHS has developed a new formulation category for long-term corrosion protection (10 years). This new wax system guarantees controlled runoff inhibition, both at increased temperatures and at normal ambient temperatures, without compromising penetration into gaps and flanges. It also easy to remove. Individual parameters – such as drying time, run-off tendency, period of corrosion protection and film flexibility – can be customized according to customer requirements. CPX technology is extremely versatile and suitable for a whole host of different applications, whether cavity protection, long-term warehousing or transport protection.GLEITMO SFL 9025 DRY COATING LUBRICANTWith its GLEITMO SFL 9025 product, FUCHS has succeeded in developing a dry coating that contains a solid lubricant and is used for transmission parts in the automotive industry. This coating enables a controlled break-in process, which takes effect in the first few operating hours of the gearbox and leads to a significant increase in service life. RENOLIN GEAR VCI INDUSTRIAL GEAR OILThe new RENOLIN GEAR VCI product is a high performance industrial gear oil that combines the properties of a high performance gear oil with reliable corrosion protection. Thanks to its vapor phase corrosion protection, the product guarantees reliable long-term protection and is used in transmissions that have long downtimes or are stored for an extended period of time. WISURA FSP 5002 CUTTING AND METALFORMING OILWISURA FSP 5002 is a high-performance cutting and metalforming oil that contains no chlorine compounds and thereby represents a complete innovation in this product field. ECOCOOL GLOBAL 10 COOLANT LUBRICANTWith the cooling lubricant ECOCOOL GLOBAL 10, we have succeeded in catering to the various requirements and release specifications within the aerospace industry. The product, developed specifically for machining aluminum and titanium alloys, complies with legislation in 19 leading aerospace countries. It is free from DEA, TEA, DCHA, chlorine, formaldehyde, silicone and boron and is highly resistant to microbiological contamination. In addition to this, it boasts excellent hard water stability, does not tend to form foam and is also designed for use with very soft water. The cooling lubricant has passed comprehensive laboratory tests in line with the machining protocols of leading aerospace companies and was able to confirm the high expectations of international customers in many field tests. Contact+49 (0) 621-3802-0 E-Mail Contactcontact@fuchs-oil.deContact 
Product Review | FUCHS PETROLUB SE        ×We use cookies to ensure our website works properly and to collect statistics about users in order for us to improve the website. If you continue to browse this site you will accept our use of cookies.Read moreJump to content     HomeThe CompanyProducts & IndustriesProduct Review High-quality lubricantsOur products comply with the highest quality standards: They reduce material wear and oil consumption to a minimum, can withstand the toughest thermal loads and maximize both service life and replacement intervals. They offer reliable protection from corrosion and deposits, help save fuel and cut down on CO2 emissions, and are both food grade and environmentally-friendly. FUCHS lubricants stand for performance and sustainability, for safety and reliability, for efficiency and cost savings. They represent a promise: technology that pays back.Our product program comprises more than 10,000 products and related services in six key categories:Automotive LubricantsIndustrial LubricantsLubricating GreasesMetal Processing LubricantsSpecial Application LubricantsServices Automotive LubricantsPRODUCT GROUPSPRODUCT BRANDSDry CoatingsGLEITMOEngine oilsTITANGear oilsTITAN, PENTOSINShock absorber fluidsTITANHydraulic oilsTITAN, PENTOSIN, MAINTAINMotorcycle lubricantsSILKOLENE, CARBAFLOLubricants for agricultural machineryAGRIFARMService fluidsMAINTAIN, CARBAFLORapidly biodegradable lubricantsPLANTOIndustrial LubricantsPRODUCT GROUPSPRODUCT BRANDSHydraulic oilsRENOLIN, CASSIDACompressor oilsRENOLIN, CASSIDASlideway oilsRENEPGear oilsRENOLIN, GEARMASTER, CASSIDAOpen Gear LubricantsCEPLATTYNTurbine oilsRENOLINMachine oilsRENOLINRefrigeration oilsRENISO, CASSIDARapidly biodegradable lubricantsPLANTO, GEARMASTER, RENOLIN, CEPLATTYN, SOKTextile Machine oilsRENOLINWire Rope lubricantsCEPLATTYN, LAGERMEISTERChain lubricantsCEPLATTYN, STABYLAN, CASSIDA, GLEITMOSpecial Fluids/industrial OilsRENOLIN, PLANTO, CEPLATTYN, CASSIDA, CARBAFLODry CoatingsGLEITMO, MOLYPAULRelease AgentsSOK, LUBRODAL, MOLYPAULLubricating GreasesPRODUCT GROUPSPRODUCT BRANDSPastes for extreme temperaturesRENOLIT, CARBFLO, CHEMPLEX, GLEITMO, MOLYPAULMulti-purpose / Longlife greases RENOLIT, CHEMPLEX, STABYL, URETHYNGreases for plain and roller bearingsRENOLITWheel bearing greasesRENOLITGear boxRENOLIT, CARBAFLO, CASSIDA, GEARMASTER, GLEITMOFood grade greasesCASSIDABiodegradable greasesPLANTO, CEPLATTYN, LOCOLUB, STABYLGreases for machine toolsRENOLIT, CEPLATTYN, GEARMASTER, GLEITMO, LAGERMEISTER, MOLYPAULGreases for rail vehiclesRENOLIT, CEPLATTYN, LAGERMEISTER, LOCOLUBGreases for extreme temperaturesRENOLIT, CHEMPLEX, GEARMASTER, GLEITMO, STABYLGreases for central lubricating systems RENOLIT, GEARMASTER, STABYL, URETHYNGreases with solid lubricantsRENOLIT, CHEMPLEX, GLEITMO, MOLYPAUL, STABYL, URETHYNPerfluorinated pastesCARBAFLO, GLEITMOGreases in spray cans or rattle cansRENOLITAssembly pastesRENOLIT, CARBFLO, CASSIDA, CEPLATTYN, CHEMPLEX, GLEITMO, MOLYPAUL, URETHYNMetal Processing LubricantsPRODUCT GROUPSPRODUCT BRANDSQuenching fluidsTHERMISOLCorrosion preventivesANTICORIT, CHEMPLEX, CASSIDACleanersRENOCLEAN, ANTICORIT, CARBAFLOCutting and grinding lubricants (incl. biodegradable fluids)ECOCUT, ECOCOOL, PLANTO, WISURAForming lubricantsRENOFORM, WISURA, TRENOIL, GLEITMO, LUBRODAL, CASSIDA, ANTICORITSpecial Application LubricantsPRODUCT GROUPSPRODUCT BRANDSSpecial greasesCHEMPLEX, LAGERMEISTER, URETHYN, CARBAFLO, CASSIDA, GEARMASTER, GLEITMO, LOCOLUB, STABYL, CEPLATTYNPastesGLEITMO, CARBAFLO, CASSIDA, CEPLATTYN, CHEMPLEXGear lubricationCASSIDA, GEARMASTER, CEPLATTYN, LAGERMEISTER, URETHYNChain lubricationSTABYLAN, CASSIDA, GLEITMODry coatingsGLEITMO, MOLYPAULOpen gear lubricantsCEPLATTYNPlain and Roller BearningsCASSIDA, URETHYN, CHEMPLEX, GLEITMO, LAGERMEISTER, STABYL, URETHYN, CARBAFLO, CEPLATTYN, MOLYPAULRelease agentsSOK, MOLYPAULFood and beverage industryCASSIDAHot forming lubricantsLUBRODAL, GLEITMORailway traffic lubricantsLOCOLUB, CEPLATTYNWindpower lubricantsGLEITMO, STABYL, URETHYN, CEPLATTYNGlass manufacturing lubricantsVITROLIS, CASSIDASugar processing lubricantsCEPLATTYNMaintenanceCARBAFLO, GLEITMO, CASSIDA, CHEMPLEX, MOLYPAUL, LAGERMEISTERApplicaton equipment Other specialtiesCASSIDA, CEPLATTYN, CHEMPLEX, GLEITMO, LAGERMEISTER, STABYLAN, CARBAFLOServices Analytical servicesChemical process management (CPM)Condition monitoringTailor-made developmentTechnical serviceOpen gear services – failure analysis & repair/appSpecial services for food and beverage processing (LCCP)Coating services Contact+49 (0) 621-3802-0 E-Mail Contactcontact@fuchs-oil.deContact 
