Industry Analysis and Career Guidance - Industry Articles | Career OptionsIndustry & Career Advice
    Popular this week
  
                            GenY is mentoring seniors and no one's complaining
                        
                    Tuesday, November 22, 2016
                    
                        
                            , Written by Gauri Kohli,
                    
                
                     reverse mentoring is gaining wide acceptance in India where managing the expectations and aspirations of a multi-generational workforce is becoming a big challenge for organisations



                    
                        Read more
                    Banking & Financial Services
                    GST bill tabled in Tamil Nadu assembly amid ruckus
                    Wednesday, June 21, 2017
                    
                        
                    
                Read more
                    Banking & Financial Services
                    After farm loan waiver, UP govt looks at waiving loans for physically challenged
                    Wednesday, June 21, 2017
                    
                        
                    
                Read more
                    Banking & Financial Services
                    Cabinet clears proposal for Bill to deal with bankruptcy
                    Wednesday, June 21, 2017
                    
                        
                    
                Read moreEditor's ChoiceMost Popular
            Shine jobs articlesAlignment matters when hiring a CEO
            Monday, September 26, 2016
            
                
                    , Written by Ayesha Banerjee352428
            Not in sync? Things can take a turn for the worse if an ¬organisation and its leader’s vision are...
            
                Read more
            MiscellaneousIndian organisations willing to adopt a flexible employment structure
            Friday, September 23, 2016
            
                
                    , Written by Vandana Ramnani141551
            Companies are now allowing employees the freedom to freelance, choose projects and decide compens...
            
                Read more
            Shine jobs articlesGrowth through failure acceptable
            Tuesday, July 28, 2015
            l Source:
                Shine Jobs
                
            
        258523
            TALENTSCAPE Employees should be encouraged by organisations to grow their skill-sets and take risks
            
                Read more
            Shine jobs articlesDemand for food safety experts to go up
            Tuesday, July 28, 2015
            
                
                    , Written by Gauri Kohli3312204
            While the majority of movement will be seen in sales and distribution roles, we see the role of f...
            
                Read more
            Shine jobs articlesFew government firms reach out for verification
            Tuesday, July 21, 2015
            
                
                    , Written by Vandana Ramnani812010
            Government firms may not consider employee verification as important as private firms.
            
                Read more
            Shine jobs articlesEmployees are known to lie about education and work experience
            Tuesday, July 21, 2015
            
                
                    , Written by Vandana Ramnani1714412
            Shine.com survey reveals that people are often dishonest about their work experience and educatio...
            
                Read more
            Shine jobs articlesOver 15,000 job seekers attend Shine.com jobs fair
            Tuesday, July 21, 2015
            l Source:
                Shine Jobs
                
            
        2716129
            More than 30 companies participated in the Shine.com job fair.
            
                Read more
            Interview Preparation10 Commonly Asked Questions In A BPO Interview
            Wednesday, May 20, 2015
            
                
                    , Written by Resham Beri370326996
            Appearing for a BPO interview? You should definitely be prepared for these 10 questions!
            
                Read more
            ResumeTop 10 tips for producing a better CV
            Thursday, August 08, 2013
            
                
                    , Written by Dr Hemesh Lakhani 1937202615
            Your resume is an essential tool in the job-hunt process. If you have a flawless resume, chances ...
            
                Read more
            Interview PreparationTips to face job interviews confidently
            Saturday, September 06, 2014
            l Source:
                Shine.com
                
            
        261176900
            We dread interviews and when we are scared, we bungle. Confidence and preparedness are the only t...
            
                Read more
            Interview PreparationTelephonic interview tips
            Tuesday, December 17, 2013
            l Source:
                Shine.com
                
            
        136139272
            Telephonic interview has emerged as a popular way to conduct the preliminary round during the int...
            
                Read more
            Interview Preparation“Tell me about yourself”
            Wednesday, July 23, 2014
            
                
            
        132129819
            Which is the one question asked in every interview? People with significant interview experience ...
            
                Read more
            Salary and Appraisal6 Questions to ask during salary negotiation
            Tuesday, June 03, 2014
            
                
                    , Written by Steffi Joseph344120812
            One of the most apprehensive situations in an interview process is when job seekers negotiate sal...
            
                Read more
            Interview Preparation10 Tips To Face An Interview For The First Time
            Thursday, May 28, 2015
            
                
                    , Written by Resham Beri23572242
            Sitting in the waiting room, anticipating what's going to happen next, biting your nails at the t...
            
                Read moreNews LetterExpert career advice and articles delivered to your inbox!SubscribeSubscribeProfessional Resume Help
      Let our shine specialist write you a world class resume.
    CLICK HERE
        Top Jobs on Shine
        
      
                    TCS is hiring for Salesforce Developer and Salesforce Lead on 29-7-2017
                
            Experience: 2 to 10 Yrs

            Company: Tata Consultancy  Services Ltd.
        
                    Looking for Top BPO's in pune
                
            Experience: 0 to 4 Yrs

            Company: Options  unlimited
        
                    Hiring for international voice process
                
            Experience: 0 to 1 Yr

            Company: Fivebrosis technologies
        
                Video Articles
      
            View All
        Importance of team building - Everyone achieves more
       Monday, December 15, 2014
      
                    Team building is a very important aspect of any organization. This video will help you understand the power of a team and how everyone achieves more when in a team.
                    
                        Read More
            Today's Poll / Survey
        
                        Do you regularly check your official email on weekends?
                    
                            Yes
                        
                            No
                        
                            Only if required
                        ×News Letter 
                Please provide Email Id for receiving News Letter.
                    CloseSave








V-Belts Standard | Industrial | Products | Bando Chemical Industries, Ltd.






































































Products


























OA Equipment Products
Cleaning Blades
Resin Products
High PerformanceRollers
Precision Belts


Optoelectronics Products
Squeegees
Precision Polishing Materials
Cleaning Systems
Others


Film Products
Digital Print Media
Medical Applications
PVC Films
Olefin Films
Others







Bando BANLITE™
Rubber Dams
BANCOLLAN™ Bearings






Robot devices















R&D



Core Technologies of Bando
Development Story
Recent Products
Future Development
R&D Center
Power Transmission Technical Research Facility





About Us





Message from the Top
Management Philosophy/Vision
Mid- to Long-Term Management Plan
Corporate Profile
Executives




Corporate Governance
BANDO GROUP CODE OF CONDUCT
Global 4-Pole Supply System
Belt Pioneer













IR





Management Information
Message from the Top
Disclosure Policy




Finance and Performance
Financial Highlights




To Shareholders
Shareholder's Meeting




IR Library
Financial Data
Annual Report (English)







CSR









HOME

Products
Industrial
V-Belts Standard







 V-Belts Standard
 


General purpose V-belts made from natural rubber


Features



Economical horsepower transmission per belt
Widely available
Easy to use






  


Applications
Industrial machinery, such as HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning) units, compressors, metalworking machinery, etc.
Structure
 
V-Belts Standard








 


Tokyo: (03) 6369-2106
osaka: (06) 7175-7421




 


 

Belts and belt-related products


Automobile/Motorcycle


INDEX


Automotive Parts
RIB ACE™
OHC Synchronous Belts
Automatic Tensioners
BSC – BANDO SMOOTH COUPLER™
MULITE™ Series of Automotive Resin Products




Automotive Repair Parts
Raw Edge V-Belts
RIB ACE™ Eco/Eco-T/Eco-HT
RIB ACE™ Fit
OHC Synchronous Belts / POWER RIDGE™
Automatic Tensioners (for Repair)




Automobile/Motorcycle
VS Belts
Double Cog Belts
Bando AVANCE™ 
MULITE™ Resin Products for Motorcycles/CVT


TENSION MASTER™







Industrial


INDEX


Friction Power Transmission Belts
Energy-Saving Red
Energy-Saving POWER ACE™ 
BANDO PS BELTS™ (Precision Seamless)
V-Belts Red
Double-Sided V-Belts
V-Belts Standard
POWER ACE™ 
POWER ACE™ Cog
Power Sheave and TL Power Sheave
POWER SCRUM™
RIB ACE™ II (PJ, PK, PL)
BANCOLLAN™ POLYBANROPE™ 
BANFLESCRUM™ and BANFLEX™ 
BANCOLLAN™ V-Belts
BANCOLLAN™ Round Belts
BANCORD™ Round Belts and V-Belts
BANCOLLAN™ Cordless Flat Belts (Seamless type)




Synchronous (Toothed) Power Transmission Belts
STS/HP-STS/Ceptor™ VI
HTS Belts
(KPS II) KING POWER™ Synchronous Belts
Double-Sided STS / Double-Sided Synchronous Belts
BANCOLLAN™ Double-Sided Synchronous Belts
Long Synchronous Belts
BANCOLLAN™ Long Synchronous Belts
SYNCHRO BELT™
BANCOLLAN™ STS Belts/Synchronous Belts
STS Belts Eco / Synchronous Belts Eco
ALPHAFLEX™ / Specialty-Shape Synchronous Belts
STS Pulleys and TL STS Pulleys(with bushings)
Synchronous Pulleys, TL Synchronous Pulleys(Bushing type)
Synchronous Pulleys(molded)
STS Pulleys with Ban-Lock




System Products
HFD system™ (Hyper Flat Drive System)
TENSION MASTER™









Agricultural Machinery


INDEX


Agricultural Machinery Belts
Red SII Agricultural V-Belts
W800 Agricultural Super V-Belts
H-PV Agricultural Raw Edge Cog Belts
Agricultural V-Belts with Profiles
SUNROPE™
BANBELT™ /Flat Belts




Rice Hulling Rolls
Bando Rice Hulling Rolls









Conveyor Belts


INDEX


Bando Steel Cord Conveyor Belts
Bando Steel Cord Conveyor Belts




Flexowell® Conveyor Belts
Flexowell® Conveyor Belts




Canvas Conveyor Belts
G-CARRY™
Rock Belts
Sun Conveyor Belts
Heat Resistant Conveyor Belts
Oil Resistant Conveyor Belts
Flame Resistant Conveyor Belts
Ultra Abrasion Resistant Conveyor Belts
Vinyl 300 Conveyor Belts
Package Conveyor Belts
Medium Incline Conveyor Belts
Pipe Conveyor Belts




Related Products
SUNPAT ECO™ (with non-halogenated organic solvents)
MILL LINING™ 
WEAR COMPONENT™ 
CANBACK™ and Rubber Cloth
Large Bulk Rubber Screen™
Medium Bulk Rubber Screen™
Impact Bar AR and Non-Spill




Field Services
Field Services









Belt Products for Light Duty


INDEX


Light-Duty Conveyor Belts
SUNLINE™ F Series Resin Belts for Food
SUNLINE™ Light-duty Jointless P Series
SUNLINE™ M Series  Resin Belts for Logistics
SUNLINE™ Steep Incline Belts
SUNLINE™ Specialty Use S Series




Other Belts
BANDO PS BELTS™ (Precision Seamless)
Long Synchronous Belts
BANCOLLAN™ Long Synchronous Belts
BANCOLLAN™ POLYBANROPE™
BANCOLLAN™ V-Belts
BANCOLLAN™ Round Belts
BANCORD™ Round Belts and V-Belts
BANCOLLAN™ Cordless Flat Belts(Seamless type)







Other rubber and urethane products
Bando BANLITE™
Rubber Dams
BANCOLLAN™ Bearings

Elastomer products


OA Equipment Products


INDEX


Cleaning Blades
BANCOLLAN Blades G-Module™ 
BANCOLLAN™ Blades




High Performance Rollers
Development Rollers




Precision Belts
BANCOLLAN™ STS Belts/Synchronous Belts
STS Belts Eco/Synchronous Belts Eco
ALPHAFLEX™ /Helical Tooth Belts
ALPHAFLEX™ /Outsert Belts




Resin Products
MULITE™ 









Optoelectronics Products


INDEX


Squeegees
BANDO Squeegees




Precision Polishing Materials
TOPX™




Cleaning Systems
BANDO MDEC™(Micro Dust Electric Cleaner)
Eletack™ High-Performance Cleaning Rollers




Others
Free Crystal™ - BANCOLLAN Flexible Light Guiding Sheet









Film Products


INDEX


Digital Print Media
BANDO GLANMESSE™ 




Medical Applications
Medical Film




PVC Films
Vinyban™
Vinyban™ Decorative Wood Film
Vinyban™ Vacuum Press Film (BHS Film)
Vinyban™ Decorative Film for Metal
Vinyban™ Curved Surface Transfer Printing Film
Vinyban™ Premium Wall Covering Film
Vinyban™ Special Strength Citron Film
Vinyban™ Marking Film
Vinyban™ Taping Film




Olefin Films
TECHRIA™ 




Others
BANDO EXCEED™ 
PVC Leather











 









Contact Us
Site map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use















 
























































	Standards, Training, Testing, Assessment and Certification | BSI Group







Loading













The BSI website uses cookies. By continuing to access the site you are agreeing to their use.
X
Find out what cookies we use and how to disable them






Skip to main content







Making excellence a habit

Our phone number

+44 345 080 9000






 

 



















                    Organizational Resilience
                

 New Cranfield research report now available 



                    Read the report
                    
 


                    Read the report
                    
 
 
 








                    View the standards catalogue
                
 Access over 50,000 standards, books and related publications at the BSI Shop. 



                    View the standards catalogue
                    
 


                    View the standards catalogue
                    
 
 
 










                    Risk Assessment Workshop
                
 Learn more about conducting Risk Assessments under the Gas Appliance Regulation 
 Join the workshop 


                    Register now
                    
 


                    Register now
                    
 
 
 
 
 







How BSI can help your business


BSI is the business standards company that helps organizations make excellence a habit – all over the world. Our business is enabling others to perform better.


Learn more about BSI










We're with you at every step
Our services are designed to align with the steps individual clients need to take to understand what is best practice, how to achieve it and ensure that it remains an ongoing habit.

Discover how BSI can help your business
 
 




Leaders in the field
BSI works with business experts, government bodies, trade associations and consumer groups to capture best practice and structure the knowledge all organizations need to succeed

Learn more about standards
 
 








 A lot of people think standards are just for big companies because they're complex, expensive tools.  Nothing could be further from the truth 
Howard Kerr, Chief Executive of BSI
Learn more about the BSI Board



Making excellence a habit









Did you know?
BSI has 76 offices worldwide and serves over 80,000 clients in 182 countries. We were established in 1901, and were the world’s first National Standards Body.
See more fast facts and figures about BSI 




Standards Development website
Our new and improved Standards Development Portal is now here. You can use the new Portal to discover and comment on standards in development, track their progress and find out which trade associations and professional bodies are represented on BSI committees.
Click here to find out more. 





Get involved with standards
Do you have the expert knowledge to help us shape existing standards, would you like to comment on a draft standard, or perhaps become a BSI author? There are lots of ways to get involved.
Discover how to get involved with standards 



Careers
A career with us can be very rewarding. Our roles are diverse and you’ll be helping to embed excellence into the way people and products work.

Find out more about working at BSI and search available jobs
 













 





View the complete standards catalogue
Find the full range of standards, books and publications at the BSI Shop

Visit the BSI Shop




How to manage the aerospace life cycle
Aviation Business' can achieve legislative compliance and cost saving by using eco-design standards.
Download Report 



Events
Our extensive range of conferences, seminars, workshops, forums, product launches and exhibitions - many of which are free - help you stay up to date with the latest standards.

Find out more about our events




Brexit and standards
Following the result of the UK referendum to leave the EU there will be a transition period while the UK Government negotiates the terms of exit.  Click below to find out the latest information regarding:

Standards
 

Medical Devices
 

Product Certification
 


Featured standards

Quality Management ISO 9001Environmental Management ISO 14001Occupational Health & Safety BS OHSAS 18001Information Security  ISO/IEC 27001 Business Continuity ISO 22301Collaborative Business RelationshipsBS 11000


More standards
 



Building Information Modelling (BIM)
Meet UK Government BIM level 2 requirements.

Read more




Medical Devices
Find out how BSI can help your medical device business.
Explore Medical Devices 



Sustainability Standards Navigator
Find the standards that will help meet your sustainability needs.
Explore the Navigator 



Develop a PAS
A PAS may help to solve some of the strategic issues that organizations face
Find out more 



BSI hoax calls
BSI has recently been alerted to the fact that a rogue caller claiming to be from BSI is trying to obtain company information.
Find out more about BSI hoax calls 

 

 
 







 



 
 




 

 


 
 
 
 






















Google+



























Thai Metal Product Industry
 





















































 

ไทย
English


 
 


 

Home
About Us

At a Glance


Product

LPG Above Ground Storage Tank ถังแก๊ส
LPG Under Ground Storage Tank ถังแก๊สใต้ดิน
Lorry Tank รถบรรทุกแก๊ส
Double-wall Storage Tank for Gasoline ถังน้ำมันใต้ดิน 2 ชั้น
Pressure Vessel/Drums
Metal Storage Tank ถังเก็บน้ำมัน
Boiler บอยเลอร์
Spherical Tank
Silo
Fule Tank


Service

LPG System ติดตั้งระบบแก๊ส
Piping System
Structural Construction Work
NG, LPG, 02, N2, AR Piping System


Quality Management
Project Gallery
News&Event
Careers Job
Contact Us









 
 
 
 
 





At a Glance.
Posted by admin on Nov 27, 2014
Thai Metal Product Industry Co., Ltd. is one of the top Thailand’s industry leaders in the production and installation of LPG tanks and double-wall storage tanks for Gasoline of all sizes, both above ground and underground. Our main objectives are to meet our customers’ requirements and...
Read More
 
 


 



Quality Management.
Posted by admin on Nov 27, 2014
Each and every product made by Thai Metal Product Industry product Co., Ltd. is guaranteed to be the high standard quality and approved by the Department of Energy Business. All metal tanks are produced with great attention and care by our technicians, engineers and our quality control...
Read More
 
 


 
 



Previous
Next

 





Performance




Standard & Certificates

Posted by admin on Jan 23, 2015
มาตรฐานสากล ISO :9001 :2008 อันเกิดจากการมุ่งมั่น พัฒนา ปรับปรุง...
Read More
  


Certification




Standard & Certificates

Posted by admin on Jan 23, 2015
มาตรฐานสากล ISO :9001 :2008 อันเกิดจากการมุ่งมั่น พัฒนา ปรับปรุง...
Read More
  


Safety




Safety Standards

Posted by admin on Aug 28, 2014
ให้ความสำคัญในมาตรฐานและความปลอดภัยของผลิตภัณฑ์...
Read More
  


Quality




Standard & Certificates

Posted by admin on Jan 23, 2015
มาตรฐานสากล ISO :9001 :2008 อันเกิดจากการมุ่งมั่น พัฒนา ปรับปรุง...
Read More
  
 



Recent Posts

Fire Water Storage Tank


 
Dec 3, 2014
At Thai Metal Product Industry Co., Ltd., we provide construction service of large fire water storage tank, including relevant mechanical engineering system. We have designed and constructed three High Speed Diesel (HSD) Tank with a capacity of 10.555 liter and one Fire Water Storage Tank with a capacity of 1 million liter on the original foundation, including...
 

Posted  by admin   in New_Eng | 0 comments
Read More

 

Personnel Development


 
Dec 3, 2014
Thai Metal Product Industry Co., Ltd., realized the importance of personnel as they played a vital role in the enhancement and development of the company’s expertise in the production and installation of LPG Tank, making Thai Metal Product Industry the leader in the industry with excellent customer service. Hence, operation safety training session was arranged...
 

Posted  by admin   in New_Eng | 0 comments
Read More

 

Moving To No.1


 
Dec 3, 2014
Recently, Thai Metal Product and Industry underwent a transformation for image improvement and expansion with larger utility space fully equipped with state-of-arts technology and machinery that are ready to answer the demands of every...
 

Posted  by admin   in New_Eng | 0 comments
Read More

 



  


The Best Product





 



                  LPG Above Ground Storage Tank                








 



                  Lorry Tank                








 



                  Pressure Vessel/Drums                








 



                  Double-wall Storage Tank for Gasoline                





   

The Best Product





 



                  LPG Under Ground Storage Tank                








 



                  Boiler                








 



                  Spherical Tank                








 



                  Silo                





   
 
 
 
 
 





Social Media      
 
 



Designed by  Giant Point | Powered by  Thaimetal Product
 
 






















