

Wacoal Global site






















Wacoal




OUR PHILOSOPHY

Our goal is that women everywhere feel more beautiful.
English
中文
Français
日本語

GLOBAL NETWORK

AMERICAS:


Canada
USA




EUROPE:


Belgium
France
Germany
Italy
Netherlands
UK
Other European countries and regions




ASIA:


China中国
Hong Kong香港
Indonesia
Japan日本
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
South Korea한국
Taiwan台灣
Thailandเมืองไทย
Viet NamViệt Nam



CORPORATE INFORMATION

About Wacoal Group
Investors Relations





USA
Europe

Japan
China
Taiwan
South Korea
Hong Kong
Philippines
Thailand
Indonesia
Malaysia

Viet Nam








NEWS FROM THE WORLD
OFFICIAL FACEBOOK PAGE



USA
France
Hong Kong
Indonesia
Japan
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
UK
Viet Nam






































weibo
China华歌尔官方微博


OFFICIAL BLOG
USA
Philippines
South Korea와코루 블로그 



TOPICS

for TOURIST to Japan  >






PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS & CONDITION 

© WACOAL HOLDINGS CORP. All Rights Reserved.








 



台灣華歌爾






























































Toggle navigation








 Jake先生歡迎你
 營業據點

 購物車
加入官網會員
登入
登出

















品牌系列

美型機密
廣告影音
網路商城特惠
實體通路訊息
關於華歌爾








品牌總覽



華歌爾




莎薇




嬪婷




摩奇X




莎露




B.tempt'd




金華歌爾




Trefle




寶貝媽咪




DADADO




華歌爾睡衣




une nana cool




麗曼瑪




大罩杯大尺碼




PEACH JOHN







內衣

無鋼圈內衣
全罩杯內衣
3/4罩杯內衣




內褲

低腰三角褲
低腰平口褲
中腰平口褲
中腰三角褲
中高腰三角褲
中高腰平口褲
丁字褲
生理褲
男士三角褲
男士平口褲




塑身衣褲

塑身衣
束褲
束腰
全身塑身衣




內襯衣著

保暖
涼爽
休閒服
襯衣
運動




睡衣

二件式
連身裙
性感睡衣







































蓓蕾小學堂FREE UP O感覺環保咖啡紗WOW GIRL 










								Activity 最新網路商品活動
								MORE

[網路便利購]男士印花平口褲3件990元
[網路訂單滿額贈] 滿額贈可愛滿點小褲(牌價420元)
[網路會員專屬] 情人系列丁字褲買三送一



								Physical Activity 最新實體通路活動
								MORE

[嬪婷]蓓蕾小學堂 檔期異動通知
[招募] 大尺碼大罩杯試穿模特兒
[型錄] WOW GIRL 運動新上市





									Recommend Item 熱銷推薦
								







金華歌爾
【金華歌爾】寵愛 B-E罩杯內衣(綠石灰)









華歌爾
【華歌爾】I-earth 環保咖啡紗 D-E 罩杯內衣(紫灰)









莎薇
【莎薇】粉水2UP 系列 B-D罩杯內衣(曙光黃)









摩奇X
【摩奇X】大V背系列 D-E 罩杯內衣(紫芋)









華歌爾
【華歌爾】伊珊露絲綺麗花園  B-C 罩杯內衣(藕芋)









嬪婷
【嬪婷】學生內衣 海洋運動 三階段 D 罩杯內衣(北極熊白)









嬪婷
【嬪婷】學生系列內衣 二階段 AA70-85 罩杯背心(企鵝藍)









華歌爾
【華歌爾】城市輕運動系列 D-E 罩杯內衣(清新藍)












								Movie 影音頻道
								MORE




Wow Girl !




								Brands 品牌
							

























































































								Knowledge 美型機密
								MORE







金色年華
金華歌爾-真實做自己
找到由內而外的美麗與自在





金色年華
內在美Check!
呵護自己，選一件適合的內衣吧!





蓓蕾小學堂
成長發育好多疑問
好多疑問~一次幫妳解答





蓓蕾小學堂
女孩發育，成長三階段
女孩們與內衣祕密的對話





蓓蕾小學堂
穿搭小祕訣
內衣褲季節穿搭





品牌週報
內衣體驗
粉挺豹紋小心機





粉紅絲帶
釐清乳癌迷失3
落實乳房自我檢查





粉紅絲帶
釐清乳癌迷失2
腫塊不一定是乳癌！





粉紅絲帶
釐清乳癌迷失1
胸部大小與乳癌無關！





粉紅絲帶
乳癌自我檢查３４５
乳房自我檢查 5 部曲





粉紅絲帶
乳癌自我檢查３４５
4 步驟乳房自我檢查





粉紅絲帶
乳癌自我檢查３４５
乳房自我檢查 3 指法









Salute 莎露時尚生活誌










								Facekbook 台灣華歌爾粉絲團
							









相關網站連結






















 










關於華歌爾FAQ反詐騙隱私條款會員服務條款連絡我們




台灣華歌爾(股)公司 版權所有@2014 Taiwan Wacoal Co. Ltd., All Rights Reserved.












Wacoal - Wikipedia





















 






Wacoal

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (November 2016) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Wacoal

Product type
Intimate apparel


Country
Japan


Introduced
1949


Related brands
b.tempt'd, Elomi, Eveden, Fantasie, Freya, Goddess


Registered as a trademark in
United States[1]


Tagline
"The Art and Science of Intimates"


Website
www.wacoal-america.com


Wacoal is a manufacturer of women's lingerie and underwear, founded in 1949 in Japan by Koichi Tsukamoto. The company has divisions in North America and Europe, and manufactures the brands Wacoal, b.tempt'd, Elomi, Eveden, Fantasie, Freya, and Goddess.



Contents


1 Company background
2 Brand portfolio
3 Product manufacturing
4 Philanthropic efforts
5 References
6 External links



Company background[edit]
In 1964, Wacoal established the Human Science Research Center to conduct scientific research on women's beauty, health, and bodies for product development.[2]
In 1985, Wacoal launched in America.[3] To encourage potential customers to purchase the new brand despite the higher prices than its competitors, Wacoal's fit experts partnered with sales associates in department stores across the country to educate consumers about the fit and quality of Wacoal products. Wacoal was named the best-selling bra in American department stores in 2005.[4] In 2009, Wacoal launched b.tempt'd, an intimiate apparel brand aimed toward younger consumers.[5]
In 2012, Wacoal acquired the Eveden Group, a UK-based lingerie manufacturer founded in 1920, bringing the full-figure brands Freya, Elomi, Fantasie, and Goddess under its corporate umbrella.[6]
Brand portfolio[edit]

Wacoal, flagship brand, launched in 1949 in Japan and 1985 in the United States
b.tempt'd, junior brand (sizes 30AA–38E), launched in 2009 worldwide
Elomi, launched 2008 in the UK by Eveden Group, full-figure bras and swimwear (34 bands and up, D through K cup)
Eveden, launched 1920 in the UK
Fantasie, full-figure bras and swimwear, formerly produced by Eveden Group
Freya, launched 1998 in the UK by Eveden Group, large-bust bras and swimwear up to K cup and sports bras and swimwear up to H cup
Goddess, launched in the USA and acquired in 2002 by Eveden Group, full-figure bras and swimwear

Product manufacturing[edit]
Wacoal products are manufactured almost entirely by hand using Japanese sewing technology as well as continued innovation. Much of the production occurs at Wacoal Vietnam, a manufacturing location established in 1997.[7]
Philanthropic efforts[edit]
Wacoal launched a bra in 1999 known as the Awareness Bra, which features a pink ribbon on each band to remind women to be conscious of their breast health.[8] In 2001, the Fit for the Cure campaign was launched to raise funds for breast cancer awareness and research. Wacoal donates to Susan G. Komen for every woman who participates in a complimentary fitting during Fit for the Cure.[9][10]
References[edit]



^ "Trademark Status & Document Retrieval". tsdr.uspto.gov. Retrieved 2 August 2016. 
^ "Human Science Research Center’s Activities | WACOAL HOLDINGS CORP.". Wacoal Holdings (in Japanese). Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "The vision of becoming a worldwide company | WACOAL HOLDINGS CORP.". Wacoal Holdings (in Japanese). Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "b.tempt'd". btemptd. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "About Us". btemptd.co.uk. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ ""Our Story - Wacoal Eveden"". wacoal-europe.com. Retrieved 17 August 2016. 
^ "Technique and spirit shared beyond borders". Wacoal Holdings (in Japanese). Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Wacoal at HerRoom". HerRoom.com. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "Wacoal - A Champion Partner for Susan G. Komen®". Komen.org. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 
^ "HerRoom.com and Wacoal Show Support for Breast Cancer Awareness". Marketwired.com. Retrieved 1 August 2016. 



External links[edit]

Official website
Wacoal America
Wacoal Europe (Eveden, Fantasie, Freya, Goddess)







v
t
e


Lingerie



Upper torso





Types of bras




History
Bandeau
Nursing bra
Sports bra
Training bra
Underwire bra
Male bra






Other garments




Babydoll
Bustier
Camisole
Dudou
Negligee
Torsolette
Yếm








Lower torso



Bikini
Boyshorts
French knickers
Girdle
Girl boxers
Panties
Tanga
Tap pants
Thong (G-string)





Full torso



BodyBriefer
Corsage
Corset
Corselet
Nightshirt
Playsuit
Slip
Teddy





Hosiery



Garter
Knee highs
Pantyhose
Stocking





Historical



Basque
Boudoir cap
Bustle
Chemise
Crinoline
Farthingale
Hoop skirt
Liberty bodice
Pannier
Pantalettes
Petticoat
Pettipants
Waist cincher





Accessories



Falsies
Lingerie tape





Brands



List of lingerie brands





Retail



Brastop
Figleaves
HerRoom
Journelle
True & Co.










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Wacoal&oldid=752127060"					
Categories: Companies established in 1949Retail companies established in 1949Companies of JapanJapanese brandsLingerie brandsHidden categories: CS1 Japanese-language sources (ja)Articles lacking reliable references from November 2016All articles lacking reliable referencesOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Français한국어日本語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 29 November 2016, at 17:19.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Wacoal Holdings Corp. (3591) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review - Hinton Information Services




































Hinton Information Services



繁體中文
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Contact Us
Home




Market Intelligence

Industries Covered

Global Partners

Annual Service Subscription

Newsletter Subscription

FAQ













Browse Reports




Search Report












Advanced Search








Need Some Help?

				We can help you find the information that meets your research needs.
				Please call us at 
+886 2 27993110 +65 90752357
 +60 7 2385614
 or send an email to us at  mi@hintoninfo.com




















Categories

Life Sciences
Automotive
Consumer Goods
Power & Energy
Service
Heavy Industry
Computer Hardwares
Electronic Component & Semiconductors
Telecommunications & Wireless
IT / ICT Services & Solutions
Overview


Industry Trend
Company Profiles / Case Studies


0-9, A-E
F-M
N-Z


Region / Country









Breadcrumb

Home
Market & Technical IntelligenceOverview
Company Profiles / Case Studies
N-Z
Report Information



Wacoal Holdings Corp. (3591) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review









Publisher: Global Data
Published: 2012/08/14
Page: 30
Format: PDF

Price: 
USD 125 (Single-User License)USD 250 (Multi-User License)USD 375 (Global-User License) 


AbstractTable of Contents




				Wacoal Holdings Corp. (3591) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis ReviewSummaryWacoal Holdings Corp. (Wacoal) is a Japan-based retailer of intimate apparel and accessories for women. The company designs, manufactures and markets foundation garments including brassieres and girdles; and lingerie including slips, bra-slips and women’s briefs. The company’s product portfolio includes nightwear and children’s underwear, outerwear, sportswear, hosiery, other textile products and accessories. Wacoal also conducts restaurant businesses, cultural projects through its subsidiary, Nanasai Co., Ltd., and builds interiors for commercial premises. The company has operations across Japan, China, France, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, South Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, the UK, the US and Vietnam. Wacoal is headquartered in Minami-ku, Kyoto, Japan. The company’s growth strategy envisages maintaining its leadership position in Japan and expanding its operations in China, the US and Europe through acquisitions and strengthening its distribution channels. Recently, the company acquired UK-based Eveden Group Limited, a manufacturer and distributor of women’s undergarments and swimming wear with operations across Europe, Americas and Asia-Pacific.This comprehensive SWOT profile of Wacoal Holdings Corp.  provides you an in-depth strategic SWOT analysis of the company’s businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled by GlobalData to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.The profile contains critical company information including:- Business description – A detailed description of the company’s operations and business divisions.- Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy.- SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.- Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company.- Major products and services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.- Key competitors – A list of key competitors to the company.- Key employees – A list of the key executives of the company.- Executive biographies – A brief summary of the executives’ employment history.- Key operational heads – A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.- Important locations and subsidiaries – A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.- Detailed financial ratios for the past five years – The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.- Interim ratios for the last five interim periods – The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the companyKey benefits of buying this profile include:You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.- The profile analyzes the company’s business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.Understand and respond to your competitors’ business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.- The company’s core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events.Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.- Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies’ strategic, financial and operational performance.- Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.- Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.
			

				Table of Contents  Table of Contents  2List of Tables  3List of Figures  3Section 1 - About the Company  4Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Key Facts  4Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Key Employees  5Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Key Employee Biographies  6Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Major Products and Services  7Wacoal Holdings Corp. - History  8Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Company Statement  9Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Locations And Subsidiaries  10Head Office  10Other Locations & Subsidiaries  10Joint Venture  12Section 2 – Company Analysis  13Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Business Description  13Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Corporate Strategy  15Wacoal Holdings Corp. - SWOT Analysis  16SWOT Analysis - Overview  16Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Strengths  16Strength - Leading Market Position  16Strength - Integrated Business Operations  16Strength - Research and Development Capabilities  16Strength - Operational Efficiency  17Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Weaknesses  17Weakness - Geographical Concentration  17Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Opportunities  17Opportunity - Acquisition of Eveden  17Opportunity - Growth Prospects: Lingerie Market  17Opportunity - Growing Opportunities in e-retailing  17Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Threats  18Threat - Fast Changing Fashion Trends and Brand Recognition  18Threat - Rising Competition  18Threat - Product Counterfeiting Risk  18Wacoal Holdings Corp. - Key Competitors  19Section 3 – Company Financial Ratios  20Financial Ratios - Capital Market Ratios  20Financial Ratios - Annual Ratios  20Performance Chart  22Financial Performance  22Financial Ratios - Interim Ratios  23Financial Ratios - Ratio Charts  24Wacoal Holdings Corp., Recent Deals Summary  25Section 4 – Appendix  26Methodology  26Ratio Definitions  26About GlobalData  30Contact Us  30Disclaimer  30List of Tables  Wacoal Holdings Corp., Key Facts  4Wacoal Holdings Corp., Key Employees  5Wacoal Holdings Corp., Key Employee Biographies  6Wacoal Holdings Corp., Major Products and Services  7Wacoal Holdings Corp., History  8Wacoal Holdings Corp., Subsidiaries  10Wacoal Holdings Corp., Joint Venture  12Wacoal Holdings Corp., Key Competitors  19Wacoal Holdings Corp., Ratios based on current share price  20Wacoal Holdings Corp., Annual Ratios  20Wacoal Holdings Corp., Interim Ratios  23Wacoal Holdings Corp., Recent Deals Summary  25Currency Codes  26Capital Market Ratios  26Equity Ratios  27Profitability Ratios  27Cost Ratios  28Liquidity Ratios  28Leverage Ratios  29Efficiency Ratios  29List of Figures  Wacoal Holdings Corp., Performance Chart (2008 - 2012)  22Wacoal Holdings Corp., Ratio Charts  24
			









表尾選單





Copyright © 2017 Hinton Information Services All Rights Reserved.




網站系統訊息　 
Designed By uGear 優吉兒 網頁設計







Stock Information | WACOAL HOLDINGS CORP.






















































































Wacoal Global Site
Japanese




Wacoal as a manufacturer
What only Wacoal can do
Corporate & Group Information
CSR
To Our Shareholders









home > 
To Our Shareholders > 
Stock Information






Stock Information

A guide to the financial information of Wacoal Holdings Corporation




Stock code
3591


Company name
Wacoal Holdings Corporation


Financial year end
March 31


No. of shares in round lot
1000 shares＊As of October 1 2017, the company will consolidate every two shares into one share and will change the number of shares per unit of shares from 1000 to 100.


Announcements posted in
Nihon Keizai Shimbun


Shareholder Register Agent
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation


Shareholder Register Agent(Dealing)
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation, Transfer Agency Dept., Marunouchi 1-4-5, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo


Other Dealers
Any branch of Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation


Mailing address and inquiries

 Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation Transfer Agency Dept. Fusimi-cho 3-6-3, Cyuo-ku, Osaka Free call: 0120-094-777 Automatic voice response: 0120-684-479 The service operates 24 hours a day. You can request the forms you need for change of address , specifying/changing an account for dividend payment , purchasing shares in quantities less than a round lot and stock bequests. 



Requests to purchase less than a round lot of shares

Requests to purchase less than a round lot of shares are also dealt with at the shareholder transfer agent's head office or branch offices. If you are using the storage transfer system, please contact your securities dealer.



Major shareholders
(As of March 31, 2017)

The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.　(4.80%)
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company　(4.44%)
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd.　(Trust Account)　(4.21%)
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd.　(Trust Account)　(3.79%)
The Bank of Kyoto, Ltd.　(3.42%）
Nippon Life Insurance Company　(2.67%)
The Shiga Bank, Ltd.　(2.65%)
Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation　(2.22%)
The Dai-ichi Life Insurance Company,Ltd.　(1.99%)
Asahi Kasei Corp.　(1.80%)





Page Top




To Our Shareholders






Top Message
Corporate Strategy
Corporate Governance

Management and Corporate Governance System

Financial Information

Financial Results
SEC Filings


Monthly Sales Data
Financial Indicators
IR news

IR Library

Integrated Report
Fact Sheet
Financial Results Presentation
Medium-Term Management Plan Summary
Code of Ethics
Reporting Complaints about Accounting and Audit


For Personal Investors
Stock Information
Business Risk
Disclaimer
IR Site Map















Wacoal Group as a manufacturer Wacoal wishes to be a brand that always supports women’s minds and bodies, whether on calm ordinary days or on special celebratory days.
What only Wacoal can do Wacoal incorporates this wish in each stitch of sewing.“Our mission at Wacoal is to contribute to society by helping women everywhere become more beautiful.” Through making concerted efforts to achieve this target, we have become better aware of what only Wacoal can do.




Corporate &Group Information

Overview
Group Philosophy
Affiliates in Japan
Affiliates Overseas
Corporate History:Topics
Our Businesses



CSR

Top Message
Feature Article
Management Philosophy
CSR Objectives
Relations with Stakeholders
Organizational Governance
Human Rights
Labor Practices
The Environment
Fair Operating Practices
Consumer Issues


Community Involvementand Development
Wacoal's CSR in Figures
Report Download
Editorial Policy



To Our Shareholders

Top Message
Corporate Strategy
Corporate Governance
Financial Information
Monthly Sales Data
Financial Indicators
IR news
IR Library
For Personal Investors
Stock Information
Business Risk
Disclaimer
IR Site Map







Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Offices in Japan

© WACOAL HOLDINGS CORP. All Rights Reserved.

























Corporate Strategy | WACOAL HOLDINGS CORP.






















































































Wacoal Global Site
Japanese




Wacoal as a manufacturer
What only Wacoal can do
Corporate & Group Information
CSR
To Our Shareholders









home > 
To Our Shareholders > 
Corporate Strategy






Corporate Strategy

Outline of Medium-Term Management Plan for the Period from FY 2017 to March 2019
The Wacoal Group has created a vision of the future "Establish a stronger global presence for the Wacoal Group" in our three-year medium-term management plan starting from April 2016. In order to achieve that, management resources and Group networks need to be effectively used to the maximum extent, and we always continue supplying cutting-edge products, opening up new markets in the field of underwear culture, and earning the trust of customers around the world. In addition, we will enter fields where we have a competitive advantage as well as new areas of business, with the aim of increasing our enterprise value still further.
The earnings targets for the three-year medium-term management plan are net sales of over 215 billion yen and operating income of more than 15 billion yen.




Reflection on the Previous Medium-Term Management Plan
Business Environment of the Group and Risks


















Reflection on the Previous Medium-Term Management Plan
Under the previous medium-term management plan, in order to achieve net sales of over 200 billion yen, operating income of 14 billion yen and operating margin of over 7%, we worked to expand the points of contact with customers in domestic business, win area share and increase sales and earnings in overseas business in China, the U.S. and Europe markets based on our five values of "Reconfirm and implement management philosophy," "Evolve into global company," "Strengthen Group's comprehensive capabilities through coordination with companies inside and outside of Japan," "Strengthen profit structure to be able to respond to environmental change," and "Build mutual trust with society."
The results of these initiatives, in relation to sales in Japan did not result in significant growth in earning in existing business lines, however earnings increased when Ai Co., Ltd., whose main business line is our new entry into the swimsuit market, was included. In overseas business, in addition to the effects of weakening yen, actual growth was achieved, even in the local currency base, and sales have likewise grown by a wide margin.
However, revenue for Peach John and other businesses ultimately fell. On the profit side, we took positive measures to reduce costs, such as the aggregation of materials procurement and shifting production to the ASEAN region. This helped us to respond effectively to the weakening yen and increase in manufacturing costs. However, operating margin of 6.8% ultimately fell slightly short of the target.


Business Environment of the Group and Risks
Within Japan, real disposable income remains stagnant, however consumer consciousness of saving money has increased even more and future trends in individual consumption continue to be unclear. In addition, the closure of commercial facilities continues, and the commercial environment surrounding the ladies innerwear market in Japan has become more stringent. On the other hand, new market opportunities are being created by developments such as the increase of inbound consumption and the rise of new distribution channels, advancement in women's social status and the broadening of their role, and the holding of the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Overseas, although there are many causes of risk, such as the stalling of the Chinese economy and economic and political instability in the European area, overseas business has been the largest engine of growth in the Group and this fact has not changed. Accurately grasping the social environment and consumer needs of each country and region and developing products and marketing strategies that put down roots in the local area is essential. By increasing our brand value in the U.S., strengthening management structures in European business and working towards even greater profitability in the business of China, we will building solid management foundations to maintain a high profitability structure in the world's three major markets, while expanding sales in emerging regions,. Also with wage rises in Asian countries, and risks related to the procurement of raw materials, the business environment of the manufacturing sector gets more and more difficult every year. We will expand the global supply chain and strengthen internal group cooperation in order to increase the global competitiveness of our products and ensure a stable supply.

Page Top



Secure earnings in domestic business
We will construct a customer-focused channel mix, based on the assumption of continuous development of new high value-added products. In order to achieve this, we first work on increasing the productivity of our wholesale operations and improving the profitability of our retail business. Next, we intend to work on revising our trading systems and integrating our IT systems in order to improve our customer base and enable mutual referral of customers between channels. 

Priority Measures of Wacoal Business (Domestic)

Wacoal Corp.
Fiscal 2019 numerical targets

Net sales:
¥112 billion
(up 1.7% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥110,123 million
Operating income:
¥5.2 billion
(down 22.9% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥6,743 million



Increasing productivity of our wholesale business through expansion of the area sales system
Increasing profitability of our direct sales business through expansion of physical stores and reduction of costs
Building a channel mix from a customer viewpoint (for mutual referral of customers between our e-commerce site and network of direct sales stores)

Net Sales / Operating Income (Wacoal Corp.)


Ai Co. Ltd.
Fiscal 2019 numerical targets

Net sales:
¥7.35 billion
(up 28.6% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥5,715 million
Operating income:
¥0.21 billion
(up 1,809% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥11 million 



Strengthening of stores which open all year round and expansion of resort wear products
Joint development of swimwear by Group subsidiaries and sales expansion around mutual expansion of products

Net Sales / Operating Income (Ai Co. Ltd.)


Page Top



Generate further growth in overseas business
In order to respond effectively to the changing external environments of individual countries and regions, we will work hard on constructing a solid management infrastructure in the following three markets; the U.S., Europe and China. We also work on increasing the added value of our products as well as strengthening our internal systems.

Priority Measures of Wacoal Business (Overseas)

Wacoal International Corp.(U.S.A.)
Fiscal 2019 numerical targets

Net sales:
¥20.1 billion
(unchanged from fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥20,222 million
Operating income:
¥2.2 billion
(down 11.7% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥2,491 million



Strong defense of midrange and high-end product market
Fostering markets in neighboring countries and new sales channels
Management and fostering successors at the manager level

Net Sales / Operating Income (Wacoal International Corp.(U.S.A.))


Wacoal Europe Ltd.
Fiscal 2019 numerical targets

Net sales:
¥16.4 billion
(up 1.9% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥16,096 million
Operating income:
¥1.65 billion
(up 33.4% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥1,238 million



Completion of organizational restructuring
Review of brand portfolio
Development based on the trials of the Human Science Research Center

Net Sales / Operating Income (Wacoal Europe Ltd. )


Wacoal China Co., Ltd.
Fiscal 2019 numerical targets

Net sales:
¥11.3 billion
 (up 2.1% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥11,067 million
Operating income:
¥1.02 billion
(up 109.4% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥487 million



Developing overwhelming product strength in high-end brands
Improving profitability of the brand aimed at the middle-class LA ROSABELLE
Expansion of sales through other companies' e-commerce sites and development of exclusive brands for those sites

Net Sales / Operating Income (Wacoal China Co., Ltd.)


Page Top



Create Group synergies and strengthen competitiveness
As well as solving problems for each operating company individually, we also leverage the strengths (such as know-how, sales channels and function) of each company in our Group for the mutual benefit of all Group companies, as well as strengthening the overall competitiveness of our Group as a whole.
Priority Measures of Peach John Business

Peach John Co.,Ltd.
Fiscal 2019 numerical targets

Net sales:
¥14.6 billion
(up 23.0% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥11,965 million
Operating income:
¥0.8 billion
(up 210.0% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥258 million



Rebuilding brand image
Enhancement of O2O communication
Increasing the number of store openings and strengthening the customer base

Net Sales / Operating Income (Peach John Co.,Ltd.)


Page Top

Priority Measures of Other Business

Lecien Corp.
Fiscal 2019 numerical targets

Net sales:
¥13 billion
(up 11.2% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥11,645 million
Operating income:
¥0.25 billion
(Return to profitability compared to fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: - ¥ 41 million



Selection and concentration of business
Rationalization of planning and production
Development of high value-added products

Net Sales / Operating Income (Lecien Corp.)


Nanasai Co.,Ltd.
Fiscal 2019 numerical targets

Net sales:
¥12 billion
(up 14.0% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥10,504 million
Operating income:
¥0.45 billion
(up 47.1% versus fiscal 2016)
*Fiscal 2016: ¥306 million



Opening up new sales channels in general merchandise and specialist clothing stores
Enhancing the product lineup and increasing the sales of overseas mannikins
Development of new products

Net Sales / Operating Income (Nanasai Co.,Ltd.)


Page Top



Expand our business portfolio
By combining the intangible strengths of our Group with our internal/external management resources, we will expand our business portfolio. We do not place restrictions on our business fields, but always keep in the forefront of our minds that our goal is to invest in businesses that provide value to society in the form of "beauty," "comfort" and "health."


Improve our Group management infrastructure
We always ask ourselves what the expectations and requirements of society are, and reflect them in our management. For that reason, we place a high importance on consultation with stakeholders with the aim of achieving continuous improvements.


Capital Policy & Shareholder Return
We will work on increasing enterprise value, while maintaining a solid financial position and improving shareholder returns and investment in the future. In the final fiscal year of this 3-year period, we aim to achieve ROE 5% or higher, with consideration given to reducing shareholders' equity, in order to achieve a more appropriate cost/equity balance.




Links to Relevant Sites


Top Message/
Financial Results/
Financial Indicators





Page Top




To Our Shareholders






Top Message
Corporate Strategy
Corporate Governance

Management and Corporate Governance System

Financial Information

Financial Results
SEC Filings


Monthly Sales Data
Financial Indicators
IR news

IR Library

Integrated Report
Fact Sheet
Financial Results Presentation
Medium-Term Management Plan Summary
Code of Ethics
Reporting Complaints about Accounting and Audit


For Personal Investors
Stock Information
Business Risk
Disclaimer
IR Site Map















Wacoal Group as a manufacturer Wacoal wishes to be a brand that always supports women’s minds and bodies, whether on calm ordinary days or on special celebratory days.
What only Wacoal can do Wacoal incorporates this wish in each stitch of sewing.“Our mission at Wacoal is to contribute to society by helping women everywhere become more beautiful.” Through making concerted efforts to achieve this target, we have become better aware of what only Wacoal can do.




Corporate &Group Information

Overview
Group Philosophy
Affiliates in Japan
Affiliates Overseas
Corporate History:Topics
Our Businesses



CSR

Top Message
Feature Article
Management Philosophy
CSR Objectives
Relations with Stakeholders
Organizational Governance
Human Rights
Labor Practices
The Environment
Fair Operating Practices
Consumer Issues


Community Involvementand Development
Wacoal's CSR in Figures
Report Download
Editorial Policy



To Our Shareholders

Top Message
Corporate Strategy
Corporate Governance
Financial Information
Monthly Sales Data
Financial Indicators
IR news
IR Library
For Personal Investors
Stock Information
Business Risk
Disclaimer
IR Site Map







Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Offices in Japan

© WACOAL HOLDINGS CORP. All Rights Reserved.

























Wacoal: Women’s Intimate Apparel / Products / Japanest NIPPON

























































ACADEMIC


Research
Nobel Prize
Academic publications
Japanese researchers' significant achievement


TECHNOLOGY

Products


COLLABORATION

Industry-Academy Collaboration


RECRUITMENT

Student Recruitment
Researcher Recruitment
All Joint-Use Research Institutes


MEDICAL CARE

Medical Tourism
Medical Partnering










You are here: HOME 
> Products (Fiber - Apparel) 
> Wacoal: Women’s Intimate Apparel


Products (Fiber - Apparel)

Wacoal: Women’s Intimate Apparel  






Outline

Wacoal is a company with a clear mission: to create new value that exceeds the expectations of each generation of consumers. Much of the diverse lineup of women’s intimate apparel readily available in Japan today would not have been possible without the determination of Wacoal to create solutions to consumer need. 

Bras designed to enhance the beauty of woman, a concept quite different to any product that had come before 
A pioneering girdle, the patent for which was the first international patent ever obtained in Japan
High performance underwear inspired by shipbuilding technology and manufactured in three dimensions using a 3D model.
Luxury, high quality lingerie, created using the world’s most outstanding fiber technologies. 

Wacoal has a long history of excellence in its products, of using high-level technology to create high-quality products. Today, Wacoal is in the process of strengthening its reputation and appeal in the global underwear market.“Making Women Beautiful”: The Mission Statement of Wacoal’s FounderIn 1949, Koichi Tsukamoto, who was the founder of Wako Shoji, a company involved in the wholesale and retail of women’s accessories and general items, somehow discovered that American women wore, inside their clothes, an item known as a “bra pad”. He started work on developing his own version of the brasserie, and in 1950 he had succeeded. In the same year, he developed an ambitious five-stage, fifty-year plan to become the leading manufacturer of women’s underwear in the world. According to his plan, by 1990, when the plan entered its fifth stage (or decade), Wacoal would be a significant presence on the international underwear market. His truly determined plan carved out a vision for the company to be a major player on a global industrial stage, despite Japan still suffering in the aftermath of the Second World War. Today, over 60 years after the company was established, Wacoal operates in 39 countries worldwide, and has indeed become the international powerhouse that Tsukamoto envisioned.  Boosting Wacoal’s Global SuccessIn 1964, Wacoal established a Product Research Division, and began to address the issues of intimate apparel design from a human engineering perspective, measuring and analyzing the true physical shape of Japanese women. That department still exists today, although now it is known as the Human Science Research Center. The Center carries out research on many aspects of the female body, going beyond just body shape and external beauty, and focusing also on quantifying the other experiences associated with wearing underwear, such as the way a fabric feels against the body and the fit and comfort of the garment. Every year, the Center collects data from a group of women, totaling between 500 and 1000, from a wide demographic range, from late teens to women in their sixties. The data accumulated over the past forty years has now reached more than 40,000 individual entries. This allows product development to be built on a basis of strong scientific evidence; it allows Wacoal to develop items that are unaffected by fleeting fashion or trends and concentrate instead on the things that women truly need. Wacoal’s measurements are made using a number of different machines and scales, and the technology that enables this accuracy in measurement is vital to Wacoal’s success. When the company was first established, measurements were made of women’s bodies, in 160 body parts in total, using the same method to determine physical size as was used in schools. This simple method continues to be used today, and it has been central to the accumulation of vast accurate data. In the 1990s, the company introduced a three-dimensional measuring device, allowing researchers to display and archive information in three-dimensions on the three-dimensions of the actual human body. In addition, Wacoal worked with Osaka University to develop a two-dimensional silhouette analysis device, capable of obtaining data on human silhouettes. The device is then able to display the average silhouette for women in each age range, and this information is also used in store. In the same way that contour lines are used to indicate the undulations of mountains on a map, moiré fringe analysis, is a technique used to express the curves and bumps of the human body two-dimensionally. This analysis is another core technology that helps to shape product development at Wacoal. The Human Science Research Center then uses the data to develop diverse brands for different generations, body shapes, and purposes. Today, Wacoal has a lineup of over 60 brands, including lines other than women’s intimate apparel, through which it strives to answer the needs of diverse women customers. A facility similar to the Human Science Research Center in Japan has now been established in China and the USA, and local researchers are beginning to build up new databases on the figures of women customers in those locations. The Wacoal Sports Science Corporation, located in the USA, has conducted research on the mechanisms of joints and muscles on more than 35,000 subjects, and has used the findings of that research to obtain more than 50 patents world-wide. With a strong focus on basic research and a design and manufacturing approach based on objective data, these achievements are all characteristic of Wacoal’s proven ability to continuously create new value. Towards the Next GenerationToday, Wacoal refers to this business field as the ‘body designing business’, and it is dedicated to moving forward in this area. The ‘body’ referred to here is both the physical body and the body of emotions that makes up every human. Wacoal attempts to provide value, in the form of beauty, comfort, and health, to this dual body. This philosophy is about more than just conventional underwear; it has been extended, for example, to Wacoal’s high performance wear brand CW-X, designed to enhance physical condition during sports. It has also been applied to development of inner wear ranges such as Fitness Walker and Cross Walker® aiming to improve walking posture. Cross Walker® was launched in spring 2005, and recorded an incredible 13.8 million unit sales between launch and the end of 2009. Cross Walker Shakitto®, an improved version of the line, sold 370,000 units in the five months immediately following its 2009 launch. When the Shakitto® line of tops was tested on 31 subjects, around 70% of all wearers recorded improved posture after wearing. Wacoal also has several prominent brand ambassadors, including Major League baseball player Ichiro Suzuki and professional tennis player Ai Sugiyama, who testify to the benefits of Wacoal’s sports lines. Wacoal is expected to continue its positive performance in sports markets. According to an analysis by a company that provides online information about the global apparel and textile industries, women will, on average, purchase bras at a rate of around two a year, even when they already own five or more. Another survey, carried out in 2008 by a Japanese marketing company, indicated that of the 600 million women in China, only 200 million wear bras, leaving around 400 million Chinese women who have yet to begin habitually wearing bras. Put very simply, this suggests that the potential market for bras in China is several times over that of Japan. Emerging markets such as China represent a very exciting opportunity for the women’s underwear market, and are likely to provoke severe competition in the future. Intimate apparel used to be considered little more than something that was worn under clothes, making functionality — support, correction, and comfort — much more important than design. Today, however, the design and image of products are also of crucial importance, and there are some truly unique and surprisingly bold designs available on the market. In Japan, Wacoal commands the largest share of the women’s underwear market, but non-Japanese brands such as Triumph International are chasing the second largest share, with large American underwear brand Victoria’s Secret and French lingerie company Chantelle, highly popular in France and Italy, also as strong competitors. The popularity of these brands is a clear indication of consumer demand for sensual and luxurious design in addition to functional performance as underwear. Faced with this global underwear market and its evolving demands, Wacoal will continue to create new value, and continue to achieve corporate growth, by looking at objective data that has been carefully accumulated over extended periods, developing products based on the findings of research on the human body, and applying top level manufacturing technology to promote the further advancement of intimate apparel.  Jul 14, 2011About the authorHiromi Jitsukata is a reporter for Japanest NIPPON










http://www.wacoalholdings.jp/index_e.html（　WACOAL HOLDINGS CORP.　）




























How to use my page
Click here for instructions on Japanest NIPPON my page.





















Contact │
Privacy Policy │
Terms of Service │
About us



Copyright © 2017 Japanest NIPPON. All Rights Reserved.







	Market Report: Wacoal Holdings Corp. (3591) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Wacoal Holdings Corp. (3591) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

     
                        Dec 8, 2015 - GlobalData 
                    
                - 33 pages 
                - USD $125 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Request Details


Related







Wacoal Holdings Corp. (3591) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review provides you an in-depth strategic SWOT analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled by GlobalData to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.The profile contains critical company information including:Business description - A detailed description of the company's operations and business divisions.Corporate strategy - Analyst's summarization of the company's business strategy.SWOT Analysis - A detailed analysis of the company's strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.Company history - Progression of key events associated with the company.Major products and services - A list of major products, services and brands of the company.Key competitors - A list of key competitors to the company.Key employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Executive biographies - A brief summary of the executives' employment history.Key operational heads - A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.Important locations and subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.Detailed financial ratios for the past five years - The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.Interim ratios for the last five interim periods - The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.HighlightsWacoal Holdings Corp. (Wacoal) is a retailing company. The company designs, manufactures and markets foundation garments including brassieres and girdles, and lingerie such as slips, bra-slips and women's briefs. Its products include nightwear and children's underwear, outerwear, sportswear, hosiery, other textile products and accessories. Wacoal conducts restaurant businesses and cultural projects. The company also offers other business related products and services to food, culture, services, and interior furnishing of shops. It has its presence across Japan, China, France, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, South Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, the UK, the US and Vietnam. Wacoal is headquartered in Minami-ku, Kyoto, Japan.Key benefits of buying this profile include:You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company's business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.Understand and respond to your competitors' business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.The company's core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events.Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies' strategic, financial and operational performance.Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company
Table of ContentsTable of ContentsList of TablesList of FiguresSection 1 - About the CompanyWacoal Holdings Corp. - Key FactsWacoal Holdings Corp. - Key EmployeesWacoal Holdings Corp. - Key Employee BiographiesWacoal Holdings Corp. - Major Products and ServicesWacoal Holdings Corp. - HistoryWacoal Holdings Corp. - Company StatementWacoal Holdings Corp. - Locations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeOther Locations & SubsidiariesSection 2 - Company AnalysisWacoal Holdings Corp. - Business DescriptionWacoal Holdings Corp. - Corporate StrategyWacoal Holdings Corp. - SWOT AnalysisSWOT Analysis - OverviewWacoal Holdings Corp. - StrengthsStrength - Integrated Business OperationsStrength - Leading Market PositionStrength - Research and Development CapabilitiesWacoal Holdings Corp. - WeaknessesWeakness - Decline in Sales of Brassieres Products: JapanWacoal Holdings Corp. - OpportunitiesOpportunity - Strategic AcquisitionOpportunity - Growing e-Retailing MarketOpportunity - Growth Prospects: Lingerie MarketWacoal Holdings Corp. - ThreatsThreat - Fast Changing Fashion Trends and Brand RecognitionThreat - Product Counterfeiting RiskThreat - Rising CompetitionWacoal Holdings Corp. - Key CompetitorsSection 3 - Company Financial RatiosFinancial Ratios - Capital Market RatiosFinancial Ratios - Annual RatiosPerformance ChartFinancial PerformanceFinancial Ratios - Interim RatiosFinancial Ratios - Ratio ChartsSection 4 - AppendixMethodologyRatio DefinitionsAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimerList of TablesWacoal Holdings Corp., Key FactsWacoal Holdings Corp., Key EmployeesWacoal Holdings Corp., Key Employee BiographiesWacoal Holdings Corp., Major Products and ServicesWacoal Holdings Corp., HistoryWacoal Holdings Corp., SubsidiariesWacoal Holdings Corp., Key CompetitorsWacoal Holdings Corp., Ratios based on current share priceWacoal Holdings Corp., Annual RatiosWacoal Holdings Corp., Interim RatiosCurrency CodesCapital Market RatiosEquity RatiosProfitability RatiosCost RatiosLiquidity RatiosLeverage RatiosEfficiency RatiosList of FiguresWacoal Holdings Corp., Performance Chart (2011 - 2015)Wacoal Holdings Corp., Ratio Charts
This report does not have a list of Companies Mentioned available
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: Single User PDF - Delivered by Email 
$125  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.

















