
Amkor Technology Inc (AMKR.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Amkor Technology Inc (AMKR.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySemiconductor Equipment & Testing












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				AMKR.O on Nasdaq


				9.03USD
12:39pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.14


					            (-1.53%)
					        






Prev Close

$9.17


Open

$9.15




Day's High

$9.21


Day's Low

$8.94




Volume

872,784


Avg. Vol

1,273,859




52-wk High

$12.48


52-wk Low

$7.29












					Full Description



Amkor Technology, Inc., incorporated on September 26, 1997, is a provider of outsourced semiconductor packaging and test services. The Company's packaging and test services are designed to meet application and chip specific requirements, including the type of interconnect technology; size, thickness and electrical, and mechanical and thermal performance. It provides packaging and test services, including semiconductor wafer bump, wafer probe, wafer backgrind, package design, packaging, system-level, and final test and drop shipment services. The Company provides its services to integrated device manufacturers (IDMs), fabless semiconductor companies and contract foundries. IDMs design, manufacture, package and test semiconductors in their own facilities. Fabless semiconductor companies focus on the semiconductor design process and manufacturing process.Packaging and Test Technologies and ProcessesThe Company's packages employ wirebond, flip chip, copper clip and other interconnect technologies. It uses leadframe and substrate package carriers, and performs a range of test services. In packages that employ wirebond interconnect technology, the die is mounted face up on the package carrier and the interconnections between the die and package carrier are made through fine gold, silver or copper wires, which are attached from the bond pads of the die to the package carrier. The interconnections are placed along the perimeter of the die. In packages that employ flip chip interconnect technology, the interconnections between the die and package carrier are made through conductive bumps that are placed directly on the die surface utilizing a process called wafer bumping. The bumped die is then flipped over and placed face down, with the bumps connecting directly to the package carrier. Flip chip allows a higher number of interconnects than wirebond as it uses the entire surface area of the die, and sometimes the perimeter as well, instead of just the perimeter as used by most wirebond packages. Flip chip also provides enhanced thermal and electrical performance, and enables smaller die and thinner, smaller form factors (or physical package dimensions). The wafer bumping process consists of preparing the wafer for bumping and forming or placing the bumps. Preparation may include cleaning, removing insulating oxides and providing a pad metallurgy that will protect the interconnections while making mechanical and electrical connection between the bump and the wafer.The Company's Copper clip interconnect technology uses a solid copper bridge or clip to connect the die to the package carrier. The clip allows a higher level of current flow than a wire and also provides a method of heat transfer from the die. The clip is either spot welded, or re-flow soldered, to the die pads and the package carrier pads.The Company's leadframe is a miniature sheet of metal, made of copper and silver alloys, on which a pattern of electrical connections has been cut. The leads are placed around the perimeter of the leadframe and are used to connect the package to the system board. Its substrate is a laminate of either single or multiple layers of epoxy resin, woven glass fibers and metal conductors. Solder bumps provide the electrical connection to the system board. The bumps are distributed across the bottom surface of the substrate (called a ball grid array format). This allows less distance between individual leads and a higher number of interconnects than leadframe packages.The Company provides a complete range of semiconductor testing services, including wafer testing or probe and final test. It offers a full range of test software, hardware, integration and product engineering services, and supports a range of business models and test capabilities. Wafer test, also referred to as wafer probe, is performed after wafer fabrication or wafer bumping to screen out defective devices prior to packaging. It offers a range of wafer test coverage that can be tailored based on the cost and complexity of the die, the package and the product. These services range from coarse level screening for major defects all the way up to probing at high digital speeds and can include full radio frequency transmit and receive as well as testing at multiple temperatures. Wafer testing can also involve a range of wafer mapping and inspection operations. After the packaging process, final test is performed to ensure that the packaged device meets the customer's requirements.The final test spans a range of rigor and complexity depending on the device and end market application. The rigorous types of final test include testing multiple times under different electrical and temperature conditions and before and after device reliability stresses, such as burn-in. In addition to electrical testing, specialized solutions are required for packages that also process non-electric stimuli. The electrical tests are a mix of functional, structural and system-level tests depending on the customer's requirements and cost and reliability parameters. The electrical test equipment the Company use includes available automated test equipment, customized and system level test equipment and types of low cost test equipment developed by the Company.Advanced ProductsThe Company offers a range of advanced and mainstream packaging and test services. The Company's flip chip, wafer-level processing and related test services are known as Advanced Products. Its wirebond packaging and related test services are known as Mainstream Products. The advanced packages include flip chip chip scale packages, wafer-level chip scale packages and flip chip ball grid array packages. The Flip Chip Chip Scale Package (FC CSP) products are small form factor packages. The Flip chip stacked chip scale packages (FC SCSP) stack a second die on top of the original die. FC SCSP is used to stack memory on top of digital baseband and applications processors for use in mobile devices. The Wafer-level chip scale packages (WL CSP) do not utilize a package carrier. The Flip Chip Ball Grid Array (FC BGA) products are large form factor substrate-based packages, which are used where processing power and speed are needed, and small form factors are not required. The Company offers FC BGA packaging in various product formats to fit a range of end application requirements, including networking, storage, computing and consumer applications.Mainstream ProductsThe Company's mainstream packages include leadframe packages, substrate-based wirebond packages and micro-electro-mechanical systems packages. These package families use wirebond interconnect technology to connect a die to a leadframe or substrate package carrier. The Leadframe packages use wirebond or flip chip technology to interconnect a die to a leadframe package carrier. Leadframe packages are used in many electronic devices. The Substrate-based wirebond packages use wirebond technology to connect a die to a substrate. The packages in this category include stacked CSP, chip array ball grid array (BGA) packages and plastic ball grid array (PBGA) packages. The micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS) packages are miniaturized mechanical and electro-mechanical sensors that can sense or provide information about the physical world.The Company competes with Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., Siliconware Precision Industries Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Changjiang Electronics Technology Co., Ltd.

» Full Overview of AMKR.O







					Company Address



Amkor Technology Inc
2045 East Innovation CircleTEMPE   AZ   85284
P: +1480.8215000F: +1480.8218276







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 James Kim

1,711,320




							 Stephen Kelley

1,672,670




							 John Kim

862,325




							 Megan Faust

765,694




							 Gil Tily

1,256,300




» More Officers & Directors





					Amkor Technology Inc News




BRIEF-Amkor Technology reports qtrly earnings per share $0.48

Jul 31 2017 
BRIEF-Amkor Technology announces notice of partial redemption of 6.625% senior notes due 2021

Jun 19 2017 
BRIEF-Amkor Technology reports 5 pct rise in Q1 sales

Apr 27 2017 
BRIEF-Amkor Technology sees Q1 2017 revenue about $900 million

Feb 13 2017 

» More AMKR.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologySemiconductor Equipment & Testing



























 




Amkor Technology: Semiconductor IC Test | Wafer Level Packaging | Wafer Probe | Wafer Bumping | Flip Chip | RF Design | RF Test























































 

 Amkor Completes NANIUM Aquisition
With the acquisition of NANIUM, Amkor will have an equally compelling value proposition in the low-density fan-out area. NANIUM is widely viewed as the fan-out technology leader as well as a very capable manufacturer, having shipped more than one billion WLFO packages utilizing a state-of-the-art 300mm wafer-level packaging production line. The acquisition of NANIUM will strengthen Amkor’s position in the fast growing market of wafer-level packaging for smartphones, tablets & other applications. NANIUM is based near Porto, Portugal, with offices in Germany & USA.


More...


 



 

 SiP Packaging Solutions
By assembling, testing and shipping more than one million SiP devices per day, Amkor Technology has a proven track record as the industry leader in SiP design, assembly and test. Similar to a System on Chip (SoC) approach, Amkor's SiP technology is an ideal solution in markets that demand smaller size with increased functionality. However, SiP has the added benefit of compatibility with die design changes and integration of various die technologies (e.g., Si, GaAs, SiGe, SOI, MEMS) without the high cost and lead time associated with SoC development and manufacturing.


More...


 
 







 
Stay Up to Date on Amkor Technology via Email and Social Media
Amkor Technology now offers multiple ways to stay updated about our products, services and technology offerings as well as upcoming industry conferences that we may be presenting and/or exhibiting at.
Stay connected to Amkor by subscribing to our email list or following us on our social media profiles Linkedin, Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and YouTube.






More...




Press Releases




08/02/17


Amkor Technology to Present at Oppenheimer’s 20th Annual Technology, Internet & Communications Conference






07/31/17


Amkor Technology Reports Financial Results for the Second Quarter 2017





07/24/17


Amkor Technology to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on July 31, 2017





06/19/17


Amkor Technology Announces Notice of Partial Redemption of  6.625% Senior Notes due 2021





More...


 
 
 



Data Sheets




Datasheet Type:



Select Datasheet:



 









Upcoming Events




08/29/17


27th Microelectronics Symposium (MES 2017)






08/29/17


InterPACK 2017






09/10/17


IMAPS EPMC 2017






09/13/17


TSMC 2017 NA OIP Ecosystem Forum






09/20/17


European MEMS & Sensors Summit 2017






Recent Site Updates





 
2017 Product Line Card - July Update







 
"A Practical Approach to Test Through Silicon Vias (TSV)" White Paper







 
J-Devices TS-16949 Certificates







 
"Through Silicon Via (TSV) Packaging for Improved Performance" White Paper







 
ATK TS-16949 Certificate







 
"SWIFT® Packaging for Highly Integrated Products" White Paper







 
PSMC Data Sheet







 
Chip-on-Chip POSSUM™ Technology Data Sheet







 
Amkor Article in CSR May/June Issue, "What is Driving Advanced Packaging Platforms Development?" Technical Article







 
SWIFT® Technology Sheet





 
 




Copyright © 2003 - 2017 Amkor Technology - 2045 East Innovation Circle Tempe, AZ 85284, (480) 821-5000


Privacy Policy
Legal





Amkor Technology, Inc. Competitors and Products in the RF Engineering Online Directory   RF Engineering Online DirectoryAmkor Technology, Inc.Amkor Technology, Inc. Rating: 0 -  Write A Review 02045 East Innovation CircleTempe, AZ 85284About Amkor Technology, Inc.Amkor Technology, Inc. is one of the world’s largest providers of outsourced semiconductor packaging and test services. Founded in 1968, Amkor pioneered the outsourcing of IC packaging and test, and is now a strategic manufacturing partner for more than 250 of the world’s leading semiconductor companies, foundries and electronics OEMs. Amkor’s operational base includes 10 million square feet of floor space, with production facilities, product development centers, and sales and support offices located in key electronics manufacturing regions in Asia, Europe and the U.S.Competitors of Amkor Technology, Inc.Antenna Development CorporationWe specialize in low gain, broad beamwidth antennas for spacecraft. Long heritage on spacecraft including STARDUST, GENESIS, HETE, HESSI, TERRIERS, MightySat, Roadrunner, ST-5, Themis, IRIS, LADDI, CYGNSS and other programs. Products include microstrip patch (singles, stacked, and arrays),... write a reviewCurtis Industries / Tri-MagCurtis Industries/Tri-Mag is an ISO 9001:2008 certified manufacturer of standard and specialized Terminal Blocks, EMI/RFI Filters, Power Supplies, DC-DC Converters and related electrical components/assemblies and moldings. Our standard products and innovative engineered solutions are subject to... 13 products write a reviewCecon Group, TheCECON represents hundreds of consultants in all areas of science and engineering. We are particularly strong in pharmaceutical, with experts in nearly every aspect of the business. write a review×Rate and Review Amkor Technology, Inc.     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Amkor Technology, Inc.. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Amkor Technology, Inc..We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Antenna Development Corporation     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Antenna Development Corporation. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Antenna Development Corporation.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Curtis Industries / Tri-Mag     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Curtis Industries / Tri-Mag. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Curtis Industries / Tri-Mag.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Rate and Review Cecon Group, The     Click on a star to rate this companyRating is requiredYour AssociationCustomerPartnerSupplierOther Name, Title, Company  Post anonymouslyYour Comments When writing a review, please adhere to the Review Guidelines.     Thanks for submitting your review of Cecon Group, The. We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours). We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Thanks for submitting your review of Cecon Group, The.We'll email you as soon as it's published, (typically within 48 hours).We really value your contributions, and so does our community of business professionals. They count on honest reviews like yours.Close×Sign up for full directory site access or loginLogin or sign upForgot PasswordLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to login to RF Engineering Online Directory. Login with LinkedInEmail AddressPasswordInvalid username or password    Forgot PasswordPrivacy Policy | Terms of UseLinkedIn user?You can use your LinkedIn account to sign up for RF Engineering Online Directory. Sign up with LinkedInNameEmail AddressJob FunctionAdministrationCEO/President/ OwnerCFOCIO/CTOConsultantCustomer ServiceEngineer/ProgrammerFacilities/OperationsFinance ManagerFinance StaffGeneral ManagerHuman ResourcesIS/ IT StaffIS/IT ManagementMarketing ManagerMarketing StaffOtherPartner/PrincipalPurchasing ManagerSales Dev.Sales Dev. ManagerVP/Senior Manager Company NamePasswordAccount already exists. Please login with correct username and password.Privacy Policy | Terms of UseForgot Your Password? Enter the email address on your account. We will email you information to reset your password. LoginEmail Address








Amkor Technology, Inc. | SEMI.ORG
































Skip to main content













 1.408.943.6900 
  
  
   |   Contact Us 



















Search form
Search




 







Select Regions 


Taiwan


Japan


Europe


Korea


North America

China
South East Asia


 

MEMBERS ONLY
LOG IN

 











Membership
Market Info
Standards
Advocacy

 













Toggle navigation




























Amkor Technology, Inc.







Amkor Technology, Inc.Street Address: 2045 E. Innovation CircleTempeAZUnited States85284Web Site Address: http://www.amkor.com
Company Description: Amkor Technology, Inc. one of the world’s largest providers of state-of-the-art packaging design, assembly and test services is a turnkey provider and packaging technology partner to leading semiconductor companies and electronics OEMs. Founded in 1968, Amkor’s global operations include over 8M ft2 of volume production, development, sales and support services. For more information, visit www.amkor.com.
Company ID: 16133Join Date: Jan 1, 2003 

Address Map: 
Primary Industry: Outsourced Systems Assembly and TestPrimary Product Category: Device ManufacturingPrimary Product Sub Category: Contract Manufacturing (OSAT)    




 



 
 







 








 

 















Amkor Technology, Inc. Products - 










































Amkor Technology, Inc. Products
SMT Products and Services offered by Amkor Technology, Inc.


SMTnet
»
SMT / PCB Products and Services
»
Amkor Technology, Inc.
»
Amkor Technology, Inc. Products






Amkor Technology, Inc.
Amkor Technology is the world's largest independent supplier of outsourced packaging and test semiconductor interconnect services; with more than 33 years of continuous improvement, growth and innovation. http://www.amkor.com »»

Headquarters: Chandler, Arizona, USA













Browse:

All Categories





1  listed by Amkor Technology, Inc.



Product
Category








Amkor IC Pacakge Portfolio
Customer demand for highly sophisticated and ever smaller devices has made semiconductor packaging a vital contributor to system performance. As integrated circuits have become faster and more complex, the cost and performance of the interconnect between chip and system board has become both a signi...

















Featured PCB Assembly Products:




INOCART Electronic Component Storage System
Board Handling - Storage
Inovaxe Corporation









EBSO SPA-300-NC Automatic Selective Soldering System with Manual Loading
Selective Soldering
A-Tek Systems Group LLC









MV-7 In-Line AOI System
Inspection
MIRTEC Corporation









PCB Flip Rack
Rework & Repair Equipment
MB Manufacturing









Fuji Custom Nozzles
Pick & Place
SMT Research Inc.









StencilMate(TM) Leadless Device Rework Stencil-Configurable
Rework & Repair Equipment
soldertools.net









Condor Sigma Bond Tester
Test Equipment - Bond Testers
XYZTEC bv









Feasibility Assessment
Design Services
STI Electronics









CableEye® HiPot Cable & Harness Test Systems - continuity, resistance, diodes, dielectric breakdown, insulation resistance, intermittent connections
Cable & Wire Harness Equipment
CAMI Research Inc.









Screen Printers
Printing
IBE SMT Equipment









HEPCO 1500-1 Radial Lead Trimming Machine
Lead Forming
HEPCO, Inc.









iineo - Multi Function Pick and Place System
Pick & Place
EUROPLACER









Unisoft ProntoVIEW-MARKUP - Assembly CAD Viewer & Gerber Viewer Software
Software
UNISOFT Corporation









1707 Mark III Best value SMT Reflow Oven
Reflow
Heller Industries Inc.









Universal feeders
Pick & Place
Shenzhen Zhi Honglai Trading Co.,Ltd









DEK Infinity Screen Printer Repairs
Printing
IslandSMT









Mark 5 回流焊炉系列
Reflow
Heller 公司









PCB Rework, PCB Repair Services
Rework & Repair Services
Precision PCB Services, Inc









StencilQuik™ BGA Rework Stencils
Solder Paste Stencils
BEST Inc.









EMI/RFI Shielding Laminates
Materials
ORION Industries










Browse PCB Assembly Products: 




Assembly Services (394)
Board Handling - Conveyors (226)
Board Handling - Pallets, Carriers, Fixtures (70)
Board Handling - Storage (130)
Cable & Wire Harness Equipment (127)
Cleaning Agents (74)
Cleaning Equipment (118)
Coating Equipment (33)
Coating Materials (14)
Component Counters / SMD Counters (51)
Component Programming (36)
Components (962)
Curing Equipment (18)
Depaneling (88)
Design Services (64)
Dispensing (88)




Education/Training (130)
ESD Control Supplies (114)
Fabrication Services (94)
Fume Extraction (14)
Hand Assembly (46)
IC Packaging (11)
Inspection (334)
Lead Forming (22)
Materials (460)
Other (799)
Pick & Place (913)
Printing (207)
Prototyping (51)
Reflow (210)
Rework & Repair Equipment (199)
Rework & Repair Services (31)




Selective Soldering (47)
Software (130)
Solder Materials (282)
Solder Paste Mixers (14)
Solder Paste Stencils (63)
Soldering - Other (30)
Soldering Robots (19)
Surface Finish (16)
Tape and Reel Equipment (49)
Tape and Reel Services (20)
Test Equipment (482)
Test Equipment - Bond Testers (9)
Test Services (27)
Through-Hole (30)
Wave Soldering (86)







SMTnet
»
SMT / PCB Products and Services
»
Amkor Technology, Inc.
»
Amkor Technology, Inc. Products




 AdoptSMT Europe GmbH - No 1. for PCB Assembly Equipment in EUROPE. 
 When you need to have complex PCB REWORK performed, then BEST is your source for PCB REWORK 
 Maximize ROI with the fastest 3D INSPECTION in the industry - CyberOptics SQ3000 - NEW 3D AOI with Multi-Reflection Suppression technology. 








About SMTnet
Advertising
Contact


© 1995-2017 SMTnet











Login / Register
Free Company Listing
Become a Power Member












Now Online
62Visitors
4Members

Who are SMTnet visitors?
Become a member now and receive the value and benefits of membership.













 FIVE CAMERA 2D/3D In-Line AOI System with Exclusive OMNI-VISION® 2D/3D Inspection Technology - Mirtec MV 7 OMNI Series. 



 SMT Placement Machines - See new arrivals. 



 HYDRON® SE 230A is a single-phase solution for removing flux residues from semiconductor electronics following die attach. 



 SMT Machines & Parts Repair Services 



 With over 180 units installed worldwide, ZESTRON leads the market with the latest in accurate concentration management. 



 Mydata Parts 
















 Full Site
Full site search includes web pages from Power Members 


 Electronics Forum
 Parts & Supplies 
 Technical Library
 Industry News
 Industry Directory
 Events Calendar
 New SMT Equipment
 Jobs
 Used SMT Equipment
 Resumes
 Training Courses




















 


 




Amkor Technology: Taiwan Manufacturing Facility & Sales Office

















































 Home > Contact Us > Taiwan


Taiwan Manufacturing Facility & Sales Office








Taiwan Operation Focus:
Amkor Technology Taiwan provides an extensive offering of advanced package and test 
services for consumer applications, including turnkey Flip Chip solutions 
encompassing wafer bump, wafer probe, assembly and final test. Amkor also offers 
high-volume, 200mm and 300mm electroplated wafer bumping and wafer level 
packaging (WLCSP) services. 
Amkor's factories are located near Hsin Chu Science Park offering easy access to 
foundries and customers.In addition, our Taiwan manufacturing 
location is certified to TS-16949, ISO-9001, ISO-9002, OHSAS-18001, 
ISO-14001, and SONY Green Partner certified industry standards to 
provide you with consistently reliable, robust and high quality 
products. T1 Product/Service Offering:TSOP, LQFP/TQFP (Exposed Die/Stacked Die), MQFP (Stacked/MCM/MCP), MEMS DLP™, WLCSP and 300mm Wafer Bumping T3 Product/Service Offering:FCBGA, fcCSP, Wafer Probe, Final Test and Die Processing Services T5 Service Offering:WLCSP, Copper Pillar, 200mm & 300mm Wafer Bumping, PI/BCB/PBO, Copper RDL Address: 
AMKOR TECHNOLOGY TAIWAN, INC. (ATT) - T1 1F, No. 1, Kao-Ping Sec
							Chung-Feng Rd. Lungtan Township, Taoyuan County 325 TAIWAN (R.O.C.)
							Tel: 886.3.411.6000 | Fax: 886.3.471.0339
							AMKOR TECHNOLOGY TAIWAN, INC. (ATT) - T311 Guangfu Road,
							Hsinchu Industrial Park Hukou County, Hsinchu 303 TAIWAN (R.O.C.)
							Tel: 886.3.5982000 | Fax: 886.3.5983985
AMKOR ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY TAIWAN, INC. (AATT) - T5No. 39 Guang-fu North Rd.
							Hsin-chu Industrial Park Hu-kou Township, Hsin-chu County 303 TAIWAN (R.O.C.)
							Tel: 886.3.597.2777 | Fax: 886.3.597.2010
							AMKOR TECHNOLOGY TAIWAN, INC. (Sales Office)3F-1, No.1, Tai Yuen 2nd St., Zhubei City, Hsinchu County TAIWAN (R.O.C.)Tel: 886.3.598.2000Fax: 886.3.560.1269Email: Sales@amkor.com   









Contact Us




United States
Philippines
Korea
Taiwan
Japan
China
Malaysia
Singapore
Europe
Careers
Factory Certifications

















  Sign Up to ReceiveUpdates From Amkor











For Email Marketing you can trust









Copyright © 2003 - 2017 Amkor Technology - 2045 East Innovation Circle Tempe, AZ 85284, (480) 821-5000


Privacy Policy
Legal





 



Amkor Technology, Inc. Company Catalog - eTesters.com






























Company Catalog





Amkor Technology, Inc.
Amkor offers full turn-key test solutions as an integral part of our supply chain service. We have the ability to take our customers’ product from prototype to mass production. 

Amkor has development centers that provide complete test engineering services from test program development to full product characterization. Development services are available for a full range of device types such as RF, Mixed Signal, Logic and Memory. Reliability and prototype production testing are also supported in these development centers.




Company Website
Contact/Sales
Distributors/Reps
News












Phone:480-821-5000
Fax:480-821-8276
Address:2045 E. Innovation Circle
Tempe, AZ 85284
















Debug: Turn ON




×Close
 Search eTesters.com


Search our complete database of testing products










Search
Close












 



Showing results 1 - 8 of 8 products found







Strip  Test
Company: Amkor Technology
Amkor  is the first contract manufacturer to implement a high density,  pre-singulated test process for many of the semiconductor industry's most  common IC packages. By utilizing Amkor's high density leadframe (HDLF)  assembly process, we are able to achieve high parallelism and throughput,  thereby reducing the overall cost of test. Small outline and low lead count  packages in high volume are the optimum product type for this process.
 


Product Home
Contact/Sales
Distributor/Reps
Company Catalog
Share
Save
Saved

 

 






Test Services for Sensors & MEMS
Company: Amkor Technology
As sensors have expanded into consumer applications and more standard packages a much greater focus has been placed on reducing the cost and complexity of test. At the same time there has been a large increase in the types of devices (Low-G inertial sensors, microphones, tire pressure monitoring, electronic stability control, safety systems, e-compass, altimeters and barometers).
 


Product Home
Contact/Sales
Distributor/Reps
Company Catalog
Share
Save
Saved

 

 






RF / Wireless Test Services
Company: Amkor Technology
Testing packaged Radio Frequency  components, ICs and modules requires not only a different skill set than  testing standard mixed signal devices, but different methodologies, different  test platforms and the skills to put them all together. Amkor is committed to  being the preeminent provider of contract semiconductor RF testing by  delivering the most cost-effective and optimum test solutions.
 


Product Home
Contact/Sales
Distributor/Reps
Company Catalog
Share
Save
Saved

 

 






Final Test Services
Company: Amkor Technology
Amkor's final test spans a range of rigor and complexity depending on the device and end market application (testing multiple times under different electrical and temperature conditions, and before and after device reliability stresses, such as burn-in). In addition to electrical testing, specialized solutions are required for sensors that require non-electrical stimuli (acceleration, angular velocity, and atmospheric pressure, magnetic or acoustical stimulus). The electrical tests are a mix of functional, structural and system-level depending on the customer's requirements and cost and reliability parameters. The equipment we use includes commercially available automated test equipment, customized and proprietary system level test equipment and innovative types of low-cost test equipment developed by Amkor. System level experience and capabilities cover: 802.11, 802.16, cellular, graphics and gaming.
 


Product Home
Contact/Sales
Distributor/Reps
Company Catalog
Share
Save
Saved

 

 






IC Test Development
Company: Amkor Technology
Amkor's IC Test Development centers provide cost effective, complete semiconductor test solutions and engineering services ranging from: project management, test programs, hardware / contacting, characterization, supporting customer's prototyping / sampling needs and production ramp.
 


Product Home
Contact/Sales
Distributor/Reps
Company Catalog
Share
Save
Saved

 

 






IC Test / Semiconductor Test Services
Company: Amkor Technology
Amkor provides a complete range of semiconductor testing services including wafer testing, various types of final testing, system level testing, strip testing and complete end-of-line services up to and including final shipping.
 


Product Home
Contact/Sales
Distributor/Reps
Company Catalog
Share
Save
Saved

 

 






Failure Analysis Test Capabilities
Company: Amkor Technology
Amkor Technology offers a broad array of failure analysis capabilities to assist our customers:
 


Product Home
Contact/Sales
Distributor/Reps
Company Catalog
Share
Save
Saved

 

 






Wafer Test (Probe & Inspection) Services
Company: Amkor Technology
Low K dielectricsEngagement on 28nm, 32nm and 40nm process nodesLargest die size in production probe ~400mm^2Highest probe count in production 14,000High current and high power probe ( up to 90 amps and 100 watts )Highly parallel WLCSP probe (x16/x32)
 


Product Home
Contact/Sales
Distributor/Reps
Company Catalog
Share
Save
Saved

 

 



 


 
 
 
 


Products


 Test Standards (2)
 Automated Test Systems (1)
 Failure Analysis (1)
 Functional Test Systems (1)
 Inspection Services (1)
 Pressure Sensors (1)
 Radio Test Set (1)
 Test Development (1)
 Test Engineering Services (1)
 Test Leads (1)
 Test Management Solution (1)
 Test Probes (1)
 Test Program (1)
 Time Standards (1)
 Wafer Probes (1)




Applications


 Test (8)
 IC (3)
 IC Test (3)
 Semi-conductor (2)
 Semiconductor (2)
 Semiconductor Test (2)
 Component Test (1)
 Device Under Test (1)
 Failure (1)
 MEMS (1)
 MOST (1)
 Package Test (1)
 RF (1)
 System Level Test (1)
 System Under Test (1)
 Test Management (1)
 Wafer (1)
 Wafer Inspection (1)
 Wafer Level (1)
 Wafer Test (1)
 Wireless (1)
 Wireless  Test (1)
 Wireless Test (1)



 
 









 





×Close
Login to eTesters.com





Enter your email address and password to login.

Email address



Password




 Keep me logged in


I forgot my password.
Signup to manage your products!





Logging in...







Sign In
Close








×Close
Share This Product






Click on a button to share this product:








Close











Amkor Technology, Inc. - 首頁 | Facebook



















Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁關於相片評論影片貼文社群Join My List建立粉絲專頁社群查看全部4,354 人說這讚4,366 個人正在追蹤585 人造訪過關於查看全部85284 坦佩 2045 E Innovation Cir+1 480-821-5000平均回覆時間：立即Contact Amkor Technology, Inc. on Messengerwww.amkor.com電子公司用戶4,354 個讚585 個打卡次更多大家都按讚的專頁Amkor Technology Philippines Inc.本地商家ABS-CBN電視網Filipino Vines社區組織此專頁按讚的粉絲專頁ON Semiconductor CareersAnalog Devices, Inc.AMD地標坦佩Amkor Technology, Inc.中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017相片顯示全部評論15 則評論告訴大家你的想法顯示全部影片Amkor Technology Corporate Video84947查看全部貼文Amkor Technology, Inc. · 7月31日 22:37 · Amkor Technology Reports Financial Results for the Second Quarter 2017 http://bit.ly/2uTnE6yAmkor Technology, Inc. · 7月26日 10:50 · Amkor has updated its ChipArray® (CABGA/fBGA) datasheet. To download, visit: http://bit.ly/2uylbjj顯示全部貼文Amkor Technology, Inc. · 7月26日 1:10 · Mr. Yoshifumi Nakaya, President of J-Devices was recently interviewed in the Dempa-Newspaper in Japan. Read the newspaper article here: http://bit.ly/2vHMoP1http://bit.ly/2vHMoP1Amkor Technology, Inc. · 7月25日 9:46 · Mr. Yoshifumi Nakaya, President of J-Devices was recently interviewed by EE Times Japan. Read the article here: http://bit.ly/2v4N1Fa日本の半導体後工程受託企業として見据える未来 (1/2)国内最大規模を誇る半導体後工程受託製造企業であるジェイデバイスの社長である仲谷善文氏にインタビューした。M＆Aを繰り返し、事業規模を拡大しながら、世界2位の半導体後工程受託製造企業であるAmkor Technologyの完全子会社となった同社の事業戦略などについて聞いた。http://bit.ly/2v4N1FaAmkor Technology, Inc. · 7月24日 19:08 · Amkor Technology to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on July 31, 2017. http://bit.ly/2uSbpcOAmkor Technology, Inc. · 7月20日 10:45 · Download Amkor's Design Center Brochure to see how Amkor reduces design cycle times and provides expert advice and service to the customer.  http://bit.ly/2uGjMI0Amkor Technology, Inc. · 7月19日 15:57 · Amkor has a Thermal Engineering Director position available at our Tempe, Arizona location.Career Opportunities: Thermal Engineering Director (12701)The Director of Thermal Engineering should have demonstrated skills in performing experimental measurements, analyzing data, running simulations and interacting with an international team of engineers.career8.successfactors.comAmkor Technology, Inc. · 7月18日 9:45 · Jon Woodyard, VP - Technical Program at Amkor, accepted the “OSAT of the Year” Award at the 3D InCites Awards Ceremony on behalf of NANIUM S.A. .Amkor Technology, Inc. · 7月17日 16:44 · Congratulations to Amkor’s recent acquisition – NANIUM S.A.for being named “OSAT of the Year” at the 3D InCites Awards Ceremony held in conjunction with SEMICON West.Amkor Technology, Inc. · 7月12日 10:33 · Gerard John, Sr. Dir - APD Test, will present "Testing High Performance MEMS Microphones" at the #MEMS Manufacturing 2017 Conference in Santa Clara on August 2-3. To register, visit: http://bit.ly/2teU7BPAmkor Technology, Inc. · 7月5日 12:55 · NANIUM S.A. & J-Devices have both been nominated for the 3D InCites "OSAT of the Year 2017" Award! Visit the 3D InCites website, log in and cast your vote! http://bit.ly/2uqDcy1  Voting ends July 8th.Amkor Technology, Inc. · 7月3日 10:59 · Amkor Technology is pleased to present the company’s recently released corporate video which can be viewed here: http://bit.ly/2uD2A2GAmkor Technology NOW Corporate VideoAmkor Technology Inc. is one of the world’s largest providers of outsourced semiconductor packaging and test services. Founded in 1968, Amkor pioneered the o...youtube.comAmkor Technology, Inc. · 6月30日 ·  · Amkor Technology Corporate Video由 Amkor Technology, Inc. 張貼52,063 次觀看5.2 萬次觀看Amkor Technology, Inc. · 6月30日 · Congratulations to the Amkor Technology Philippines team for their great success at this years 27th ANTS held in Pasay City, Philippines! One Best Technical Paper & four Best Presenter awards.Amkor Technology, Inc. · 6月28日 · Steffen Kröhnert, Director of Technology at Amkor/ NANIUM S.A. presented "Fan-out SiP Solutions: WLSiP & WL3D" today at the IMAPS SiP 2017 Conference in Sonoma.查看更多


