
Invisio Communications AB (IVSO.ST)  Key Developments | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States



























































Invisio Communications introduces INVISIO V20 control unit












Monday, 13 Jun 2016 02:30am EDT Invisio Communications AB :Says expands tactical communication and hearing protection range with INVISIO V20, a lightweight single radio control unit. 



        Latest Developments forInvisio Communications AB



INVISIO Q3 operating profit up at SEK 27.7 million

Invisio Communications Q2 operating profit up at SEK 22.2 million

Invisio Communications: order from existing army customer within NATO

Invisio receives SEK 9 million order from existing customer within NATO






Latest Key Developments inAERO/DEF


Boc Aviation says unit to buy 10 aircraft from Boeing
AAR signs component support agreement with Hawaiian Airlines









        Company Quote



Invisio Communications AB
(IVSO.ST)
78.0
0.0 +0.00%
11:29am EDT
























INVISIO Communications launches secure headset for explosive environments and new customer segments (:IVSO)









 








  
                    
                       
                           
   
	  





Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














April 20, 2011

INVISIO Communications launches secure headset for explosive environments and new customer segments


Supplemental File
Size
 


 
Download pdf
 62.3 KB







	Stockholm, April 20, 2011


	 

INVISIO Communications has developed a new version of the successful headset INVISIO M3. The new version, called M3 EX, has been developed to be absolute secure to use in situations where the tiniest spark could result in a fire or an explosion.


	 


	— We are already established as a strong supplier within for example fire fighting, but by being able to offer IECEx and ATEX certified products we open new customer segments as mining and offshore operations where this kind of certification is a must, says Lars Højgård Hansen, CEO of INVISIO Communications.

	 


	INVISION M3 EX is a new model in the M3 series, specially developed for use in environments where there is risk for explosions. Typical examples can be in mines, oilrigs and certain industries. In these places it can be crucial that the equipment do not emit sparks through static electricity or loosely fit plugs, or through extremely hot components that could ignite gas or explosive dust.


	 


	INVISIO has now received IECEx and ATEX (94/9/EC) certification, which means that INVISIO M3 EX has gone through rigorous tests in order to make sure that it meets international directives for secure use in explosive environments.


	 


	ATEX is an abbreviation of Atmosphères Explosives and INVISIO M3 EX meet both 1999/92/EC, which dictates what an employer must do in order to have a safe production, and 94/9/EC, which describes quality control, qualification for use above/below ground, what temperatures the equipment can take and what category of exposed environment that the product is purposed for.


	 


	On top of the IECEx and ATEX-certification, INVISIO M3 EX has the same qualities as the previous versions. That means among other things that it uses the patented technology INVISIO Bone Conduction, which enables clear and undisrupted communication in demanding and extreme environments by picking up vibrations from the jaw bone instead of a regular microphone.

	 


	— The requirements of the IECEx and ATEX certifications are extremely high. But for the men and women working under difficult conditions with the risk of fires and explosions it is obviously of highest importance to be able to fully rely on the equipment. The fact that German TÜV has tested and certified our headset INVISIO M3 EX feels of course tremendously good for us, says Lars Højgård Hansen.


	 


	INVISIO M3 EX is:



		Based on the well-tried INVISIO M3


		Certified by TÜV in Germany for IECEx and ATEX (94/9/EC)


		Developed for use in explosive environments, including mines


		Secure even if two different errors would occur with the product at the same time


		Meets the standards up to 85 degrees Celsius (185 degrees Fahrenheit) surface temperature (class T6)


		The highest classes of protection against risks with gases and fogs


		IP67 — entirely dust proof and water proof down to 1 m (3.3 ft) for 30 minutes



	 


	 

For additional information, please contact:


	Lars Højgård Hansen, CEO INVISIO Communications


	Mobile: + 45 53 72 7722


	E-mail: lhh@invisiocommunications.com


	 


	 


	 

About INVISIO Communications AB


	INVISIO Communications AB is a public company listed on the NASDAQ OMX First North Premier Segment (ticker code: IVSO) an alternative market on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. INVISIO Communications holds the patents for Bone Conduction Technology, which provides the best possible speech in difficult sound environments, and the Soft Spring, for optimal wearing comfort. Both patents are featured in the company's INVISIO® consumer and military communications headsets. Its professional products are used by police forces, fire fighters, military personnel, security units and Special Forces around the world. Additional information is available on the company's web site at www.invisiocommunications.com. Mangold Fondkommission AB (tel. +46-8-503 015 50) is Certified Adviser for INVISIO Communications AB on First North.


	  


Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 INVISIO Communications








 


INVISIO Communications launches new innovative communication solutions with hearing protection (:IVSO)









 








  
                    
                       
                           
   
	  





Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?







« Previous Release | Next Release »














October 7, 2011

INVISIO Communications launches new innovative communication solutions with hearing protection


Supplemental File
Size
 


 
Download pdf
 57.9 KB






Stockholm, October 7, 2011


	 

INVISIO Communications now launches the INVISIO S-Series, a new series of innovative communication solutions with hearing protection for use with two-way radios. The communication solutions complement INVISIO's portfolio of products with hearing protection.

"The demand for communication solutions with hearing protection is increasing and with the new INVISIO S-Series that have industry leading hearing protection, our product portfolio is complemented with a small, lightweight and easily operated solution", says Lars Højgård Hansen, CEO of INVISIO Communications.

The new INVISIO S-Series will be shown at the 2011 AUSA Exposition in Washington DC next week and is a communication solution developed for SWAT-teams, Public Safety Operatives and the military. The S-Series consist of the INVISIO X5 headset with the patented INVISIO Bone Conduction technology, which enables clear and interference-free communication in demanding and extreme conditions, in combination with one of four new control units. INVISIO already offers the more advanced communication solution with hearing 
protection, the INVISIO X5 or X6 dual headset with the INVISIO X50 control unit, as well as the straightforward INVISIO M-series without hearing protection. The S-series is a complement to INVISIO's product portfolio and broadens the range of solutions.

The INVISIO S-Series consists of four different communication products catering for different radio types and user scenarios. All four INVISIO S-Series products consist of a small, lightweight and easy to use PTT (Push to Talk) together with the highly acclaimed INVISIO X5 Dual In-Ear Headset with hearing protection. Each of the four new products offers an industry leading level of hearing protection with natural hearing (SNR 32dB/NRR 29dB) with up to 38dB in average protection. It protects the user against harmful impulse noise and if the ambient noise level exceeds a threshold that can cause hearing damage, the system automatically and instantaneously dampens the sound to a comfortable and safe level even in the most extreme situations.

"The INVISIO S-Series is developed for the dismounted soldier using either Personal Role Radios or Secure Personal Radios, but the series is also perfectly suited for Public Safety Operatives, SWAT Teams and Special Police Forces operating in very difficult environments where the need to communicate clearly is critical — at the same time as their hearing is protected", says Mark Orton, Senior Product Manager at INVISIO Communications.  


	 

INVISIO S-Series is:


Simple and lightweight communication solutions with hearing protection including impulse noise protection and full 360 degree situational awareness, where the user maintains normal hearing while being protected against harmful noise.

Developed for use by the dismounted soldier, SWAT Teams and other Public Safety Operatives for use in extreme and high noise environments.

4 different solutions all consisting of a PTT unit connected to the INVISIO X5 Dual In-Ear Headset.

Industry leading certified hearing protection (SNR 32 dB/NRR 29 dB). 

IP68 — waterproof down to 2 m for 2 hours.



	 

The INVISIO S-Series and the product S10 are already available for sale, with the S20, S30 and S40 available during 2012.


	 

The new INVISIO S-Series products will be displayed at the 2011 AUSA Exposition in Washington next week in booth #252 TEA Inc, INVISIO's distribution partner in the US.


	 


	 

For further information about the new INVISIO S-Series please visit www.invisiocommunications.com


	 


	 

For additional information, please contact:

Lars Højgård Hansen, CEO INVISIO Communications

Mobile: + 45 53 72 7722

E-mail: lhh@invisiocommunications.com


	 


	 


	 

About INVISIO Communications AB

INVISIO Communications AB is a public company listed on the NASDAQ OMX First North Premier Segment (ticker code: IVSO) an alternative market on NASDAQ OMX Stockholm. INVISIO Communications holds the patents for Bone Conduction Technology, which provides the best possible speech in difficult sound environments, and the Soft Spring, for optimal wearing comfort. Both patents are featured in the company's INVISIO® consumer and military communications headsets. Its professional products are used by police forces, fire fighters, military personnel, security units and Special Forces around the world. Additional information is available on the company's web site at www.invisiocommunications.com. Mangold Fondkommission AB (tel. +46-8-503 015 50) is Certified Adviser for INVISIO Communications AB on First North.


	 

Close window | Back to top

 delicious
 Digg
 Facebook
 LinkedIn
 Twitter







Copyright 2017 INVISIO Communications








 


INVISIO Communications - Management



















INVISIO














Management


Display all Bios

 show all
 hide all




 Lars Højgård HansenCEO


 Born 1963 
	CEO since 2007. Employed 2006.

	Lars Højgård Hansen has long experience of international marketing, mainly in the telecom industry and has held several executive marketing positions in the Sony Ericsson group, including Sales & Marketing Director in the business unit Accessories EMEA, and GN Netcom A/S.

	Education: Graduate Diploma (HD), Copenhagen Business School and Executive MBA, Lund University, School of Economics.

	Holding: 643,055 shares.*




 Thomas LarssonCFO


 Born 1964 
	Employed 2012.

	Thomas Larsson has long experience of various financial and accounting roles both in listed companies and private companies at different phases of development, including Pharmacia and Doro Nordic AB. Thomas’ most recent role was as CFO of Systemtextgruppen AB.

	Education: M.Sc. Economics and Business Administration, Växjö University.

	Holding: 240,560 shares.*

	 

	 




 Carsten AagesenSr. Vice President, Global Sales & marketing


 Born 1968 
	Employed 2007.

	Carsten Aagesen has long experience of international sales and marketing from leading positions at GN Netcom A/S and Apple, among others. Previous experience includes Global Marketing Director at GN Netcom’s mobile division and Marketing Manager at Apple Nordic & Benelux.

	Education: M.Sc. (Econ.), Marketing and Strategic Management, Copenhagen Business School.

	Holding: 90,500 shares.*

	 




 Jan LarsenSr. Vice President, R&D and Operations


 Born 1962 
	Employed 2007.

	Jan Larsen has many years’ experience of product development of various types of hearing and acoustics applications and has held a number of executive positions in R&D at GN Netcom A/S, UnoMedical A/S, and Oticon A/S.

	Education: B. Sc. EE, Technical University of Denmark, Copenhagen, and Graduate Diploma (HD-O), Copenhagen Business School.

	Holding: 123,734 shares.*

	 




	* Updated 2017-05-19.






Shareholder Tools



Print


 Email this page



Shareholder Briefcase



Printed Materials



Email Alerts



Download Library



Snapshot



Mobile Investor



RSS News Feeds


 Share This




Share this on:



 Delicious


 Digg


 Facebook


 LinkedIn


 Twitter





What is this?









(Swedish only)
INVISIO på introduce.se
Nyckeltal
Remium Review
Intervjuer



Search Investor Relations



































          Home - 
                  INVISIO
  















INVISIO










Introducing the new INVISIO V50The world's most advanced communication system.Read moreDual ComAdvanced single com control unit for multiple nets.Read moreUltimate Soldier SystemInterchangeable with other INVISIO control units.Read more



NO NOISE. ONLY YOUR VOICE.






CareersJob opening:
 Product Marketing Manager, DenmarkTCAPSThe US Army's Tactical Communication and Protective System (TCAPS)
- INVISIO X50 US office launch at 2017 SOFICWatch INVISIO's CEO talk about the new US sales office and our
cutting-edge systems.ApplicationsProduct combinations for the ultimate communication system.MarketsSolutions tailored to exceed even the most demanding of
requirements.TestimonialsTestimonials and experiences from the world's most demanding users.TechnologyLearn how this advanced communication technology will help
you.DownloadsDownload datasheets, brochures, technical information and images.
                News
              All press releasesAlla pressmeddelanden19-06-2017 
      INVISIO receives orders from the US Army's TCAPS program02-06-2017 
      INVISIO receives a SEK 30 million order from partner MCL to support the British hearing protection program THPS11-05-2017 
      INVISIO expands their tactical communication and hearing protection range with a battery powered dual com control unit10-05-2017 
      INVISIO's US office is fully operational26-04-2017 
      Bulletin from the Annual General Meeting in INVISIO Communications AB on April 26, 201726-04-2017 
      INVISIO interim report January—March 2017: Continued good growth and stronger position in the United Kingdom19-06-2017 
      INVISIO får beställningar från amerikanska arméns TCAPS-program02-06-2017 
      INVISIO får order på 30 MSEK från sin partner MCL gällande leveranser till det brittiska hörselskyddsprogrammet THPS31-05-2017 
      Ökning av antalet aktier och aktiekapitalet i INVISIO med anledning av utnyttjande av teckningsoptioner11-05-2017 
      INVISIO utökar sin kommunikations- och hörselskyddsserie med en batteriförsörjd kontrollenhet med två anslutningsportar10-05-2017 
      INVISIOs kontor i USA fullt operativt26-04-2017 
      Kommuniké från årsstämma i INVISIO Communications AB den 26 april 2017


















  Company - 
  INVISIO
  
















INVISIO














Company



INVISIO develops and sells advanced communication systems with
hearing protection that enable professionals in noisy and mission
critical environments to communicate and work effectively. The
systems consist of headsets and control units that connect for
example to an external group radio or a vehicle's intercom.
The systems give operational advantages and increased security
for military and security personnel. They also contribute to
reducing the costs of hearing loss for individuals and society.
Innovative product development
 Product development is based on a good understanding of the users'
work environment and specific needs. By combining different
technologies and skills in acoustics, electronics, mechanics and
hearing, the company creates innovative and customized solutions
that replace traditional methods.
Modernization of armed forces drives
growth
 The company's customers are mainly agencies in charge of
procurement for security forces and defense forces. Growth for the
company's products is driven by modernization programs with high
requirements for new equipment. In recent years INVISIO has won
significant contracts in the framework of programs requiring
hearing protection that include radio and communication solutions.
The company has long-term contracts with defense authorities in the
USA, the UK, Canada, Australia and Denmark, among others.
Sales and manufacture
 Sales are primarily via a global network of partners and resellers
but the company also sells via its own companies in France and the
USA. The products are mainly manufactured by contract
manufacturers.

Uneven order flow and sales
 INVISIO's market is characterized by large procurements, often
with long lead times due to extensive processes with customer tests
both in laboratories and among end users. This means that the order
intake and sales for individual quarters may vary and have an
effect on the full year figures.

Financial targets and strategies
 The company's sales are to increase on average by 20 per cent per
year. The operating margin should not fall below 15 per cent. The
targets were presented at the time of the company's listing on
Nasdaq Stockholm in May 2015. To achieve the financial targets
INVISIO uses the following strategies:

Increase market share in existing markets in Europe, North
America and Australia.
Geographical expansion to emerging markets with long-term
potential, including Asia and parts of the Middle East and South
America.
Product development referring to both new and further developed
products for current target groups.
Cost effectiveness in the company and in manufacturing.






















INVISIO expands their tactical communication and hearing protection range with a lightweight single radio control unit











                        Published:
                        2016-06-13 08:30:00 CEST
                    











Invisio Communications ABPress releaseINVISIO expands their tactical communication and hearing protection range with a lightweight single radio control unit
Stockholm, June 13, 2016


INVISIO (IVSO) now expands its product range by adding a new control unit for tactical communication and hearing protection. The new INVISIO V20 control unit is designed to meet the needs of users connected to a single team radio with one or two talk groups. The product will be showcased at the defense and security exhibition Eurosatory, taking place in Paris on June 13-17, 2016.

The INVISIO V20 is a small, lightweight and rugged control unit that powers from the connected radio. In combination with the market leading INVISIO X5 in-ear headset, the system offers a state-of-the art level of hearing protection whilst allowing the user to communicate and maintain a natural level of auditory situational awareness.

	"We are broadening our range of control units to meet the mission specific user requirements, by adding simpler, smaller, and lighter control units to the portfolio. The modern soldier requires anywhere from one to three radios or communication devices, depending on their role and needs. With the launch of the INVISIO V20, we now have the product range to cover all these requirements”, says George Nicolakis, Director Product Management, INVISIO.

	Today’s customers require tailored, yet off the shelf solutions, that are as small and lightweight as possible, whilst not including unnecessary functionality and features. The INVISIO V20 along with the other INVISIO control units meet these requirements by offering the user the optimized solution for size, weight and functionality.

	The INVISIO product range includes tactical communications and hearing protection systems for professional users. Included are the INVISIO V20 single com control unit, INVISIO V40 dual com control unit and INVISIO V60 tri com control unit. All control units are interchangeable and include plug and play flexibility that allows for different headsets and radios.

INVISIO Acoustic Demo Room at Eurosatory, Hall 6 stand J497
To experience the performance of the INVISIO Bone Conduction Microphone Technology that enables clear and seamless communications in loud noise, please visit INVISIO at Eurosatory running from June 13-17, 2016, in Paris, France. 


For additional information, please contact:
Lars Højgård Hansen, CEO, INVISIO Communications
	Mobile: + 45 53 72 77 22 | E-mail: lhh@invisio.com


About INVISIO Communications AB (publ)
INVISIO offers cutting-edge personal communication and hearing protection systems. The systems enable users to operate and communicate safely and clearly in all environments, even under extreme conditions, such as loud noise, heat, and underwater. INVISIO systems consist of headsets and advanced control units that interface to a wide range of communication devices. The systems provide hearing protection while maintaining the natural level of situational awareness. Customers are mainly from the public sector. Sales are made via a global network of partners and to some extent directly to end customers. INVISIO is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm (IVSO). Additional information is available on the company's website, www.invisio.com. 





Attachments:

							INVISIO expands their tactical communication and hearing protection range with
a lightweight single radio control unit.pdf 

						











                                This news release was distributed by GlobeNewswire,
                                www.globenewswire.com – a Nasdaq company
                            








