 





















  


Motorola Solutions 中国 - Motorola Solutions 中国
















skip to content

















mobile toggle
































我们的目的和使命从未如此清淅
了解更多













如何选择原装正品?
选取合适的产品，选择可信赖的经销商，享受周到的服务 
了解更多













下一代MOTOTRBO™数字对讲机
数字创新 驭见未来
了解更多













MTP8000EX 系列TETRA ATEX防爆型无线通信手持终端
了解更多


观看视频









0


1


2


3

























MOTOTRBO™ 十周年
    

MOTOTRBO™ 十年历程，在前瞻与洞察中引领，在机遇与挑战中创新。

















终端维修

全程无忧卡(SFS)注册; 提交维修申请、跟踪维修进度、查询维修状态、及时获取相关维修信息 

















摩托罗拉系统与FirstNet 
    

摩托罗拉系统非常高兴能够加入FirstNet挑选的团队并成为核心成员，携手打造覆盖全美的公共安全宽带网络。





 








 














隐私
使用条款
站点地图
反馈



简体中文


















 




 


Motorola Solutions - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola Solutions

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Motorola Solutions, Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: MSI
S&P 500 Component


Industry
Telecommunications equipment


Predecessor
Motorola, Inc.


Founded
January 4, 2011; 6 years ago (January 4, 2011)


Headquarters
Chicago, Illinois, U.S.



Key people

Greg Brown (Chairman and CEO)


Products
Two-way radios, radio systems, managed services and smart public safety applications


Revenue
 US$6.04 billion (2016)[1]



Operating income

 US$1.06 billion (2016)[1]



Net income

 US$560 million (2016)[1]


Total assets
 US$8.46 billion (2016)[1]


Total equity
 US$-964 million (2016)[1]



Number of employees

14,000 (2016)[2]


Website
www.motorolasolutions.com


Motorola Solutions, Inc. is an American data communications and telecommunications equipment provider that succeeded Motorola, Inc., following the spinoff of the mobile phone division into Motorola Mobility in 2011. The company is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Summary
3 See also
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Main article: Motorola




Motorola Solutions acquired British public safety radio network, Airwave Solutions, in December 2015


Motorola Solutions began trading as a separate independent company on January 4, 2011, under the NYSE symbol "MSI".[2] It is the legal successor of the old Motorola, Inc.; the transaction was structured so the old Motorola changed its name to Motorola Solutions and spun off Motorola Mobility as a separate company. Motorola Solutions retains the old Motorola's pre-2011 stock price history, though the old Motorola's ticker symbol of "MOT" was retired.
After the split, Motorola Solutions comprised the previous Government and Public Safety division of Motorola Inc. (founded in 1928), the enterprise mobility division, and the cellular infrastructure group.
Motorola Solutions sold the cellular infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks. The acquisition, which was originally announced in July 2010, was completed on April 29, 2011 for $975 million in cash.[4] As part of the transaction approximately 6,900 employees transferred to Nokia Siemens Networks. In the former Motorola parent company, it was the second largest division based on revenue.
On October 27, 2014, Motorola Solutions sold its Enterprise business to Zebra Technologies for $3.45 billion in cash.[5] As part of the sale, approximately 4,500 Motorola Solutions employees from locations throughout the world were transferred to Zebra. A large majority of this business was what was formerly Symbol Technologies, which Motorola, Inc. acquired in 2007.
In August, 2015, the company received a $1bn investment from Silver Lake Partners the technology specialized Private Equity firm[6] enabling a stock buyback and providing Silver Lake with two board seats. In the Q3 earnings call, Greg Brown described the private equity firms as "operationally connected into the business in a pretty seamless way", "partnering around managed and support services, as well as public, smart public safety and specifically some of the software areas. There is also an initiative we are launching with them around cost of goods, or what I would call above gross margin, both product and services".[7]
In December, 2015, the company announced that it would acquire Airwave Solutions, the UK based operator of the British public safety radio network servicing the police, fire and ambulance services across England, Scotland and Wales.[8] The company completed the acquisition on February 19, 2016. [9]
Summary[edit]
The company produces and sells communications products and services to public safety and government agencies (law enforcement, fire, emergency medical services, and national government security) as well as private entities including utilities, mining, energy, manufacturing, hospitality, retail, transportation and logistics.
See also[edit]

Astro (Motorola)
Dimetra

References[edit]


^ a b c d e "Motorola Solutions Inc 2015 Annual Report Form (10-K)". EDGAR. United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 27, 2016. Retrieved December 21, 2015. 
^ a b "2016 Form 10-K, Motorola Solutions, Inc.". United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
^ http://www.chicagotribune.com/business/ct-motorola-solutions-chicago-jobs-0916-biz-20150915-story.html
^ "Nokia Siemens Networks completes acquisition of certain wireless network infrastructure assets of Motorola Solutions". newsroom.motorolasolutions.com. Retrieved 2016-06-03. 
^ "Zebra Technologies Completes Acquisition of Motorola Solutions’ Enterprise Business". MotorolaSolutions.com. Retrieved 2014-10-27. 
^ "Motorola Solutions gets $1B investment 'accelerant'". 
^ "MSI earnings conference call or presentation 4-Nov-15 1:30pm GMT". 
^ "Motorola Solutions to acquire UK-based Airwave for $1.2 billion". 
^ "Motorola Solutions Completes Acquisition of Airwave". 


External links[edit]

Official website



Business data for Motorola Solutions: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings



A short history timeline archived







v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecommunications Corporation

China Telecom


China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola_Solutions&oldid=776027605"					
Categories: Motorola2011 establishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 2011Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeNetworking companies of the United StatesRadio-frequency identification companiesSchaumburg, IllinoisSilver Lake Partners companiesTelecommunications companies established in 2011Telecommunications equipment vendorsHidden categories: Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançais한국어LatviešuമലയാളംNederlands日本語PolskiРусскийSuomiSvenska中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 April 2017, at 14:58.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

























Motorola US | unlocked cell phones & modular smartphones




















Skip to main content





 





























        
    Phones          








        
    Models          








        
    Moto Z Family          



        
    Moto G Family          



        
    Moto E Family          



        
    All Moto phones          
















        
    Compare & Build          








        
    Compare newest phones          



        
    Check carrier compatibility          



        
    Learn about no-contract          



        
    Learn about Design Refresh          
















        
    Phone Accessories          








        
    Cases & shells          



        
    Chargers          
















        
    Special Offers          








        
    Special offers          



        
    Moto Care          



        
    Student discount          



        
    Financing          






















          Shatter limits. Not phones.        

          Pre-order the new Moto Z² Force Edition        





 










        
    Moto Mods          








        
    Moto Mods          








        
    Shop all Moto Mods          



        
    How Moto Mods work          



        
    Build your own Moto Mod          
















        
    Compatible Phones          








        
    Moto Z Family          
















        
    Special Offers          








        
    Special offers          



        
    Financing          






















          Reconnect with your world        

          With Moto Mods, access unlimited possibilities        





 










        
    Watches          








        
    Watch          








        
    Moto 360 (2nd Gen.)          



        
    Moto 360 Sport          
















        
    Special Offers          








        
    Special offers          



        
    Moto Care          



        
    Student discount          



        
    Financing          






















          Different sweats better        

          Moto 360 Sport, designed for your most grueling workouts        





 










        
    Software          








        
    Phone Software          








        
    Moto software and apps          



        
    Android OS          



        
    Android upgrade schedule          
















        
    Wearable Software          








        
    All Moto 360 software and apps          



        
    Android Wear          



        
    Moto Body          



        
    Your favorite Apps          

















        
    Specials          



        
    Community          








        
    Connect With Us          








        
    Register for updates          



        
    Moto blog          



        
    Support forums          
















        
    Social          








        
    Facebook          



        
    Twitter          



        
    Instagram          



        
    YouTube          

















        
    Get Help          








        
    Product Support          








        
    Moto Z Droid          



        
    Moto Z Force Droid          



        
    Moto X Pure Edition          



        
    Droid Turbo 2          



        
    Droid Maxx 2          



        
    Moto X (2nd Gen.)          



        
    Moto 360 (2nd Gen.)          



        
    All other products          
















        
    Service & Repair          








        
    Drivers          



        
    Software updates          



        
    Returns          



        
    Repairs          



        
    Extended warranty          
















        
    Community Resources          








        
    Support forums          



        
    Developer resources          
















        
    My Account          








        
    Online order status          



        
    My support profile          



        
    My stuff          



        
    Contact us          


















 




 










You have just added
Total items in cart: %quantity












 







 



Homepage US







 












  


    shattering limitations
shatterproof design. transforms with moto mods.pre-order now.
   
Learn more

  




 












  


    free projector mod
by mail, after you buy moto z² force edition.†a $299.99 value.
   
Learn more

  




 












  


    thinner.lighter.faster.
pre-order the unlocked version now.it works on all major U.S. networks.
   
Learn more

  




 












  


    capture life in 360°
an ultra wide-angle perspective you can’t find in any other smartphone.pre-order now.
   
Learn more

  


 



  
        moto z² force edition  

        free projector mod  

        moto z² play  

        moto 360 camera  
 







 

 






https://www.motorola.com/us/products/moto-g-plus-gen-5-special-edition 
 
 


the new moto g5S plus
 The latest edition from our most popular family of phones is coming soon!
Learn more
 


 



https://www.motorola.com/us/specials 
 
 


shop all deals
 Limited-time offers on innovative phones and revolutionary Moto Mods™
Learn more
 


 


 




























unleash your passions
there's a moto mod for whatever you're into
 
Learn more

 











hellomoto
say hello to unlimited possibilities, features innovated to simplify your life, and always free shipping on orders over $75
 
 
Find your phone

 














 
new! moto e⁴ 















 



    $129.99    












5” HD Display in a compact design








All-day battery*








Advanced cameras




Learn more

 















 
moto g⁵ plus 















 



    From $229.99    












The first camera in its class with Dual Autofocus Pixels for faster focus








Precision-crafted, high-grade aluminum design








Carrier-friendly—unlocked and works on all major U.S. networks




Learn more

 















 
new! moto z² play 















 



    $408.00    












Our first camera that combines laser autofocus and dual autofocus pixels








Transforms into an entirely new device with Moto Mods








Fingerprint reader with one-touch navigation




Learn more

 



 











 





 
moto blog get more of a good thing June 12, 2017 Learn more 




 

make your own moto mod Learn more 





 

meet the parents Lenovo laptops + more 


 


 






































Motorola Solutions, Inc. Company and Product Info from Food Logistics




























































				
				Channels			
			





Warehousing





Transportation





Software & Technology





Safety & Security





Sustainability





Cold Chain





Third-Party Logistics





Industry Resources












Go







Menu



Channels



Warehousing





Transportation





Software & Technology





Safety & Security





Sustainability





Cold Chain





Third-Party Logistics





Industry Resources


Additional Resources


Magazine




Awards




Media Center




Events




Sponsored Research




Webinars




Blogs




Supply Chain Learning Center




Podcasts


User
Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Tools
Contact Us
Advertise



























Industry Resources


 Motorola Solutions, Inc. 



























 | Share


 | Share


 | Share


 | Share




Company Details:
									1303 East Algonquin Road
									
									
																			Schaumburg, IL 60196
																												
																	

Phone: 847-576-5000 







 Continue Reading










				  Industry Resources
			






SEARCH





            Automatic Identification/Data Collection
            



 Barcoding/Printing/Labeling 


 Camera/Vision Systems 


 Computers/Data Collection Terminals 


 Radio Frequency Identification/RFID 


 Scanners/Readers, Barcode 


 Scanners/Readers, RFID 





            Cold Storage and Services
            



 Public refrigerated warehousing 


 Refrigerated transportation provider 


 Refrigeration systems (warehouse) 


 Refrigeration units (trucks/trailers) 


 Temperature monitoring devices 





            Conveyors and Sortation Systems
            



 Conveyor Components 


 Conveyor Maintenance 


 Conveyors 


 Sorters 





            Facility and Dock Equipment
            



 Dock bumpers, barriers 


 Dock doors, cold storage 


 Dock levelers/ restraints 


 Dock plates/ boards 


 Dock shelters/seals 


 Dock trailer loading/unloading systems 


 Facility air conditioning/cooling systems 


 Facility fans/ ventilation systems 


 Facility heating 


 Facility interior doors 


 Facility lighting 


 Facility ramps 


 Facility refrigerated/freezer systems 


 Facility scales, weighing 


 Facility security, surveillance 


 Facility signs/labels/tags 


 Flooring products/equipment 


 Roofing products/equipment 


 Weighing and cubing 





            Leasing, Third-Party Logistics and Outsourcing Services
            



 Intermodal/rail 


 LTL/truckload services 


 Lumping services 


 Ocean 


 Purchasing/procurement 


 Regulatory compliance 


 Reverse logistics 


 Staffing/recruiting 


 Third-party logistic providers 


 Truck leasing 


 Warehousing 





            Lift Trucks and Related Equipment
            



 Lift truck attachments 


 Lift truck batteries 


 Lift truck battery management systems 


 Lift truck maintenance 


 Lift truck rental services 


 Lift truck replacement parts 


 Lift truck tires 


 Lift trucks, pallet jacks 





            Pallets and Shipping Equipment
            



 Case packers/cartons 


 Containers 


 Depalletizers 


 Pallet equipment and supplies 


 Pallet inverters 


 Pallet pooling services 


 Palletizers 


 Pallets aluminum 


 Pallets plastic 


 Pallets wood 


 Shrink wrappers and supplies 


 Slipsheets 


 Stretch wrappers and supplies 


 Totes 





            Recall
            




            Services and Consulting
            



 Environmental 


 Ergonomics 


 Facility design and construction 


 Facility Maintenance 


 Finance/leasing 


 Insurance 


 Inventory 


 Loss control 


 Regulatory compliance 


 Safety 


 Site selection 


 Staffing/recruiting 


 Systems integration 


 Training 





            Storage and Staging Equipment
            



 Automated case selection 


 Automated item selection 


 Automated storage/retrieval systems (AS/RS) 


 Carousels 


 Layer picking systems 


 Mezzanines 


 Overhead Handling 


 Pick-to-light systems 


 Rack protection equipment 


 Shelving 


 Voice directed order picking/selecting 





            Technology and Software Systems
            



 Customer Relationship Management 


 Data Synchronization 


 Demand Management 


 Electronic Data Interchange 


 Enterprise Resource Planning 


 Freight Planning 


 GPS Tracking 


 Inventory Control 


 Labor Management 


 Load Planning 


 Onboard Systems 


 Procurement 


 Routing and Scheduling 


 Supply Chain Management 


 Transportation Management 


 Warehouse Management 


 Yard Management 





            Trucks, Trailers and Related Equipment
            



 Axles 


 Brakes 


 Collision warning systems and devices 


 Cooling/heating components 


 Drivetrain Components 


 Engines 


 Lubrication systems 


 Safety Equipment 


 Theft-prevention devices 


 Tires, wheels, related components 


 Tractors, yard/switching 


 Trailers, dry 


 Trailers, multi-temp 


 Trailers, refrigerated 


 Transmissions 


 Trucks, class 1-2 (light-duty) 


 Trucks, class 3-5 (mid-range) 


 Trucks, class 6-7 (medium-duty) 


 Trucks, class 8 (heavy-duty) 


 Vehicle Graphics 


 Vehicle identification systems 









Industry Resources



 Motorola Solutions, Inc. 





Industry Resources



 



 Android Wear Devices Make Big Strides In 2014 





Industry Resources



 



 Zebra Technologies Completes Acquisition of Motorola Solutions’ Enterprise Business 










Industry Resources



 



 Android Wear Devices Make Big Strides In 2014 


February 23, 2015


		Though the Moto 360 remained supply constrained through Q4, Motorola was the clear leader among Android Wear vendors.
	




Industry Resources



 



 Zebra Technologies Completes Acquisition of Motorola Solutions’ Enterprise Business 


December  2, 2014


		Zebra has completed the acquisition of Motorola Solutions’ Enterprise business for $3.45 billion in cash, with the transaction funded with $200 million of cash on hand and $3.25 billion in new debt.
	








 

Loading

















Warehousing





Transportation





Software & Technology





Safety & Security





Sustainability





Cold Chain





Third-Party Logistics





Industry Resources



Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Advertise
Sitemap




 














Motorola Solutions













































SELECT YOUR LOCATION


Remember my selection


  		We can remember your preferencewith a cookie on your device.Is this OK? Yes • No  |  Learn More








Africa






Asia Pacific






Europe








Latin America and Caribbean






Middle East                              







North America                         







AfricaBack to top



East Africa

Burundi - Français
Comoros - Français
Djibouti - English
Eritrea - English
Ethiopia - English
Kenya - English
Madagascar - Français
Malawi - English
Mauritius - English
Mozambique - English
Réunion - Français
Rwanda - English
Seychelles - English
Somalia - English
Tanzania - English
Uganda - English





Central Africa

Angola - English
Cameroon - English
Central African Republic - Français
Chad - English
Congo, Rep (Brazzaville) - Français
Congo, Dem (Kinshasa) - Français
Equatorial Guinea - Français
Gabon - English
São Tomé and Príncipe - English



North Africa

Algeria - English
Libya - English
Morocco - English
Sudan - English
Tunisia - Français
Western Sahara - English





Southern Africa

Botswana - English
Lesotho - English
Malawi - English
Namibia - English
South Africa - English
Zambia - English
Zimbabwe - English



West Africa

Benin - Français
Burkina Faso - English
Cape Verde - English
Cote d'Ivoire (Ivory coast) - Français
The Gambia - English
Ghana - English
Guinea-Bissau - English
Liberia - English
Mali - Français
Mauritania - English
Niger - English
Nigeria - English
Saint Helena - Français
Senegal - English
Sierra Leone - English
Togo - English





Asia PacificBack to top




Australia - English
China - 简体中文
Hong Kong - English
India - English
Indonesia - English






Japan - 日本語
Malaysia - English
New Zealand - English
Philippines - English
Singapore - English






South Korea - 한국어
Taiwan - English
Thailand - English
Vietnam - Việt
All other countries in Asia - English





EuropeBack to top



Western Europe

Austria - Deutsch
Belgium - English
France - Français
Germany - Deutsch
Liechtenstein - Deutsch
Luxembourg - English
Monaco - Français
Netherlands - English
Switzerland - English



Eastern Europe

Belarus - English
Bulgaria - English
Czech Republic - English
Hungary - English
Poland - Polski
Republic of Moldova - English
Romania - English
Russian Federation - Pусский
Slovakia - English
Ukraine - Pусский





Northern Europe

Aland Island - English
Channel Islands - English
Denmark - English
Estonia - English
Faeroe Islands - English
Finland - English
Iceland - English
Ireland - English
Isle of Man - English
Jersey - English
Latvia - English
Lithuania - English
Norway - English
Sweden - English
United Kingdom of Great Britainand Northern Ireland - English





Southern Europe

Albania - English
Andorra - English
Bosnia and Herzegovina - English
Croatia - English
Greece - English
Italy - English
Malta - English
Montenegro - English
Portugal - English
San Marino - English
Serbia - English
Slovenia - English
Spain - English
Republic of Macedonia - English
Turkey - English





Latin America and CaribbeanBack to top




Argentina - Español
Bolivia - Español
Brazil - Português
Caribbean - English, Español
Central America - English, Español






Chile - Español
Colombia - Español
Ecuador - Español
Mexico - Español
Paraguay - Español






Peru - Español
Puerto Rico - Español
Uruguay - Español
Venezuela - Español





Middle EastBack to top




Bahrain - English
Egypt - English
Israel - Hebrew
Jordan - English






Kuwait - English
Lebanon - English
Oman - English
Pakistan - English






Qatar - English
Saudi Arabia - English
United Arab Emirates - English
Yemen - English





North AmericaBack to top




Canada - English
Mexico - Español
United States - English










Please note that if a specific website is not available for the location you choose, then you will be directed to the most appropriate regional site.














 









 





















  






















Motorola Solutions Home - Motorola Solutions EMEA
















skip to content

















mobile toggle
































READY FOR THE FUTURE, TODAY
Be ready for the future today with DIMETRA X Core, the new fully scalable TETRA system for Mission Critical Communications.
LEARN MORE













 ARE YOU PREPARED FOR NETWORK OUTAGES? 
Analyse Critical Network Events for the Preventable and Unpredictable 
Learn More - New White Paper













Communications made simple
Simplify your communications whilst reducing costs and complexity. DIMETRA Express is a new, single-site TETRA system all in one box.
LEARN MORE













Every Delivery on Time. Every Customer Satisfied.
Redefine the supply chain with reliable voice communication and productivity enhancing applications.
DOWNLOAD SOLUTIONS BRIEF









0


1


2


3










 
        Loading News... 
      





More news



















UK PUBLIC SAFETY SOLUTIONS 

POLICE, AMBULANCE, FIRE AND RESCUE
Tailored solutions for the UK's Emergency Services, now and into the future.


Find out more



















NEXT GENERATION COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS
    

The efficient movement of people across public transport relies on the efficient movement of information.


DOWNLOAD WHITEPAPER



















EVERY GUEST EXPERIENCE PERFECTED
    

Discover the radios and applications that keep hotel staff connected and guests happy.


DOWNLOAD SOLUTIONS BRIEF







 








 














Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


EMEA


















 




 
















Motorola Solutions Inc. Company and Product Info from Supply & Demand Chain Executive




























































				
				Channels			
			





Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources












Go







Menu



Channels



Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources


Additional Resources


Media Center




Magazine




Events




Awards




SDC Map




Sponsored Research




Webinars




Blogs




Supply Chain Learning Center




Podcasts


User
Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Tools
Contact Us
Advertise



























Fulfillment Logistics


 Motorola Solutions Inc. 
















 Request more information 













 | Share


 | Share


 | Share


 | Share




Company Details:
									1303 East Algonquin Rd.
									
									
																			Schaumburg, IL 60196
																												
																	

Phone: (847) 576-5000 http://www.motorolasolutions.com 
Motorola Solutions is a provider of mission-critical communication solutions and services for enterprise and government customers. Psion, now a part of Motorola Solutions, is a pioneer in quality mobile hand-held computers and their application in industrial markets around the world. Innovating in the field of mobile computing since 1980, starting with the invention of the PDA; through to helping our global customers solve their business problems today, its clients include Volkswagen; RWE nPower; E.ON; BMW; Goodyear; Copenhagen Airports; and many others.







 Continue Reading










				  Industry Resources
			






SEARCH





            Customer Relationship Management
            



 Channel Management & Customer Analytics 


 Content Management 


 Reverse Logistics Material and-or Merchandise Returns 


 Sales Force Automation 


 Service Parts Logistics Field Service 


 Warranty Chain Management 





            Decision Support
            



 Analysis 


 Business Process & Performance Management 


 Enterprise Business Intelligence 


 Information Sharing 


 Inter-enterprise & Cross-functional Collaboration, Change Management, Staffing & Incentive Management 


 Regulatory & Customer Mandate Compliance, Governance Issues, Supply Chain Risk Management, Supply Chain Relationship Managem 


 Research, Advisory & Consulting 


 Revenue, Price & Profit Management Automation 





            Fulfillment Logistics
            



 Customized Build Assemble Order & Delivery Management 


 Distribution Planning Distribution Requirements Planning 


 Global Trade Management 


 Inventory Management & Optimization 


 Logistics Resource Management 


 Manufacturing Execution Systems 


 Order Management Inputs 


 Outsourcing Services 


 Service Parts Logistics 


 Simultaneous Outbound & Inbound Management 


 Supply Chain Event Management 


 Supply Chain Execution 


 Transportation Management & Optimization 


 Vendor-Managed Inventory 


 Warehouse Management Services 





            Order Demand Capture
            



 Demand Planning Forecasting 


 Order Demand Management 


 Outsourced Manufacturing 


 Supply & Demand Chain Network Design 


 Supply Chain & Production Planning 


 Supply Chain Coordination & Event Management 





            Payment
            



 e-Credit 


 e-Money 


 Electronic Bill Presentment, e-Invoicing 


 Electronic Funds Transfer & All Forms of e-Payment 


 Financial Transaction Management 


 Purchasing Cards 


 Spend Data Management 





            Procurement
            



 Content Management 


 Contingent Workforce Management 


 Group Purchasing Organizations Solutions 


 Marketplaces 


 Supplier Enablement 


 Supplier Performance Measurement & Monitoring 


 Supplier Relationship Management & Supplier Development Marketplaces 


 Supplier Risk Management 





            Product Lifecycle Management
            



 Collaborative Design 


 New Product Introduction 


 Outsourced Design Services 


 Product Data Management 


 Product Portfolio Management 


 Request for Information 





            Professional Development
            



 Certification 


 Conferences - Educational 


 Conferences - Exposition 


 Education - Private Institution 


 Education - University 


 Professional Organizations & Assocations 


 Training 





            Sourcing
            



 Auctions 


 Commodity Team & Supplier Collaboration 


 Content Management 


 Contract Management 


 Outsourced Manufacturing 


 Spend Analytics & Supply Strategy 


 Trading Exchanges (public & private) 





            Supply Chain Integration & Technology Infrastructure
            



 Auto-ID & Data Capture (RFID, barcode) 


 B2B Connectivity Standards 


 Contingency Planning 


 Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) 


 Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) 


 Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) 


 Enterprise Data Management & Data Synchronization 


 Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) 


 Hardware Options 


 Internal External Portals 


 Network Infrastructure 


 On-demand Hosted Applications 


 Regulatory & Customer Mandate Compliance, Governance Issues 


 Security 


 Wireless Applications & Devices 









Fulfillment Logistics



 Motorola Solutions Inc. 





Industry Resources



 Motorola Unleashes its Most Powerful Enterprise Mobile Computer 





Industry Resources



 



 Food for Thought 





Industry Resources



 



 A Better Connected Workforce and Manufacturing Operations 





Industry Resources



 Warehouse Technology Investments on the Rise 





Industry Resources



 Motorola Solutions Releases Handheld MC9200 





Industry Resources



 



 Wireless Mobility Changes Everything 





Industry Resources



 



 Redesigning Fulfillment: A New Strategy for New Challenges 





Industry Resources



 Transportation Mobilization: Streamlining Workforce Efficiency and Delivery, One Baked Good at a Time 










Industry Resources



 Motorola Unleashes its Most Powerful Enterprise Mobile Computer 


October 31, 2014


		The TC70 touch computer enables employees on the front line of business to work more efficiently and better serve customers
	




Industry Resources



 



 Food for Thought 


		The Food Safety Modernization Act mandates new standards and documentation for traceability and verification of the cold chain
	




Industry Resources



 



 A Better Connected Workforce and Manufacturing Operations 


October 15, 2013


		Motorola’s technology helps deliver real-time intelligence with two-way radios and rugged mobile devices
	




Industry Resources



 Warehouse Technology Investments on the Rise 


		Motorola Solutions’ Study cites growing need to increase worker productivity and automate, streamline processes
	




Industry Resources



 Motorola Solutions Releases Handheld MC9200 


June 17, 2013


		New industrial mobile computer series offers signature rugged design, proven reliability and better investment protection
	




Industry Resources



 



 Wireless Mobility Changes Everything 


		Learn how wireless technologies continue to transform supply chain operations inside and out
	




Industry Resources



 



 Redesigning Fulfillment: A New Strategy for New Challenges 


		Do you have what it takes to act on new possibilities in evolving your supply chain forward?
	











Industry Resources



 Transportation Mobilization: Streamlining Workforce Efficiency and Delivery, One Baked Good at a Time 


		Deploying mobile handhelds within the supply chain can create multiple benefits, including cutting costs and saving staff hours. The transportation and delivery segments of the supply chain can especially benefit from mobilization by increasing efficiency...
	








 

Loading

















Demand Mgmt





WMS/Logistics





Global SCM





Integration/ERP





Payment





Sourcing/Procurement





Risk Mgmt





Industry Resources



Log Out
Register
Log In
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Advertise
Sitemap




 









Motorola - Wikipedia





















 






Motorola

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see Motorola (disambiguation).

Motorola, Inc.





Type

Public


Industry
Telecommunications


Fate
Divided into Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions


Successor
Motorola Mobility
Motorola Solutions
Freescale Semiconductor
ON Semiconductor
Arris Group (General Instrument)
Cambium Networks


Founded
September 25, 1928; 88 years ago (1928-09-25) (as the Galvin Manufacturing Corporation)


Headquarters
1303 East Algonquin Road,[1] Schaumburg, Illinois, U.S.



Area served

Worldwide


Products
Tablet computers
Mobile phones
Smartphones
Two-way radios
Networking systems
Cable television systems
Wireless broadband networks
RFID systems
Mobile telephone infrastructure


Total assets



 US$ 11.851 billion (2013)[2]
 US$ 12.679 billion (2012)[2]






Number of employees

40,000 (2014)[3]


Divisions
Mobile Phone Devices
Connected Home Solutions
Network Home Solutions


Website
www.motorola.com


Motorola, Inc. (/ˌmoʊtəˈroʊlə/[4]) was an American multinational telecommunications company founded on September 25, 1928, based in Schaumburg, Illinois. After having lost $4.3 billion from 2007 to 2009, the company was divided into two independent public companies, Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions on January 4, 2011.[5] Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Mobility was acquired by Lenovo in 2014.[7]
Motorola designed and sold wireless network equipment such as cellular transmission base stations and signal amplifiers. Motorola's home and broadcast network products included set-top boxes, digital video recorders, and network equipment used to enable video broadcasting, computer telephony, and high-definition television. Its business and government customers consisted mainly of wireless voice and broadband systems (used to build private networks), and public safety communications systems like Astro and Dimetra. These businesses (except for set-top boxes and cable modems) are now part of Motorola Solutions. Google sold Motorola Home (the former General Instrument cable businesses) to the Arris Group in December 2012 for US$2.35 billion.[8]
Motorola's wireless telephone handset division was a pioneer in cellular telephones. Also known as the Personal Communication Sector (PCS) prior to 2004, it pioneered the "mobile phone" with DynaTAC, "flip phone" with the MicroTAC as well as the "clam phone" with the StarTAC in the mid-1990s. It had staged a resurgence by the mid-2000s with the Razr, but lost market share in the second half of that decade. Later it focused on smartphones using Google's open-source Android mobile operating system. The first phone to use the newest version of Google's open source OS, Android 2.0, was released on November 2, 2009 as the Motorola Droid (the GSM version launched a month later, in Europe, as the Motorola Milestone).
The handset division (along with cable set-top boxes and cable modems) was later spun off into the independent Motorola Mobility. On May 22, 2012, Google CEO Larry Page announced that Google had closed on its deal to acquire Motorola Mobility.[9] On January 29, 2014, Page announced that pending closure of the deal, Motorola Mobility would be acquired by Chinese technology company Lenovo for US$2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments).[10] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]



Contents


1 History

1.1 Post World War II
1.2 Motorola, post-split


2 Finances
3 Spin-offs

3.1 Television and radio manufacturing
3.2 Iridium
3.3 Government and defense
3.4 Semiconductor
3.5 Automotive
3.6 Biometrics
3.7 Split

3.7.1 Motorola Mobility deal by Google
3.7.2 Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo


3.8 Canopy and Orthogon


4 Quality systems
5 Environmental record
6 Sponsorships
7 See also
8 References
9 Further reading
10 External links



History[edit]




Local branch in Glostrup, Denmark


Motorola started in Chicago, Illinois, as Galvin Manufacturing Corporation (at 847 West Harrison Street)[12] in 1928 when brothers, Paul V. and Joseph E. Galvin,[13][14] purchased the bankrupt Stewart Battery Company's battery-eliminator plans and manufacturing equipment at auction for $750. Galvin Manufacturing Corporation set up shop in a small section of a rented building. The company had $565 in working capital and five employees. The first week's payroll was $63.
The company's first products were battery-eliminators, devices that enabled battery-powered radios to operate on household electricity. Due to advances in radio technology, battery-eliminators soon became obsolete. Paul Galvin learned that some radio technicians were installing sets in cars, and challenged his engineers to design an inexpensive car radio that could be installed in most vehicles. His team was successful, and Galvin was able to demonstrate a working model of the radio at the June 1930 Radio Manufacturers Association convention in Atlantic City, New Jersey. He brought home enough orders to keep the company in business.
Paul Galvin wanted a brand name for Galvin Manufacturing Corporation's new car radio, and created the name “Motorola” by linking "motor" (for motorcar) with "ola" (from Victrola), which was also a popular ending for many companies at the time, e.g. Moviola, Crayola.[15] The company sold its first Motorola branded radio on June 23, 1930, to H.C. Wall of Fort Wayne, Indiana, for $30. The Motorola brand name became so well-known that Galvin Manufacturing Corporation later changed its name to Motorola, Inc.[16]
Galvin Manufacturing Corporation began selling Motorola car-radio receivers to police departments and municipalities in November 1930. The company's first public safety customers (all in the U.S. state of Illinois) included the Village of River Forest, Village of Bellwood Police Department, City of Evanston Police, Illinois State Highway Police, and Cook County (Chicago area) Police.[17]
Many of Motorola's products have been radio-related, starting with a battery eliminator for radios, through the first hand-held walkie-talkie in the world in 1940,[18] defense electronics, cellular infrastructure equipment, and mobile phone manufacturing. In the same year, the company built its research and development program with Dan Noble, a pioneer in FM radio and semiconductor technologies, who joined the company as director of research. The company produced the hand-held AM SCR-536 radio during World War II, which was vital to Allied communication. Motorola ranked 94th among United States corporations in the value of World War II military production contracts.[19]
Motorola went public in 1943,[20] and became Motorola, Inc. in 1947. At that time Motorola's main business was producing and selling televisions and radios.
Post World War II[edit]




Motorola vacuum tube carton




Play media


An advertisement for Motorola televisions from 1951.


In October 1946 Motorola communications equipment carried the first calls on Illinois Bell telephone company's new car radiotelephone service in Chicago. The company began making televisions in 1947, with the model VT-71 with 7-inch cathode ray tube. In 1952 Motorola opened its first international subsidiary in Toronto, Canada to produce radios and televisions. In 1953, the company established the Motorola Foundation to support leading universities in the United States.
In 1955, years after Motorola started its research and development laboratory in Phoenix, Arizona, to research new solid-state technology, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial high-power germanium-based transistor. The present "batwing" logo was also introduced in 1955 (having been created by award-winning Chicago graphic designer Morton Goldsholl in late 1954).
Beginning in 1958, with Explorer 1 Motorola provided radio equipment for most NASA space-flights for decades, including during the 1969 moon landing. A year later it established a subsidiary to conduct licensing and manufacturing for international markets. Motorola created numerous products for use by the government, public safety officials, business installments, and the general public. These products included cell phones, laptops, computer processors, and radio communication devices.
In 1960, it introduced the world's first large-screen portable (19-inch), transistorized, cordless television. According to the 1962 Illinois Manufacturers Directory (50th anniversary edition), Motorola had 14,000 employees worldwide of which at least 5,823 employees in 6 plants were located in Illinois. The company headquarters were at 9401 West Grand Avenue in Franklin Park and it listed TV receivers, Stereo-Hi Fi equipment as the products at this plant made by 1,700 employees. The Communications Division was in Chicago at 4545 West Augusta Blvd. where 2,000 employees made electronic communications equipment. The Military Electronics Division was at 1450 North Cicero Avenue, Chicago where 923 employees made microwave and industrial equipment. Two more Chicago locations were listed at 4900 West Flourney Street and at 650 North Pulaski but no employee count was listed for these. The last plant was listed in Quincy, Illinois at 1400 North 30th Street where 1,200 employees made radio assemblies for both home and automobile.[21]
In 1963, it introduced the first rectangular color picture tube. In 1964, the company opened its first Research and development branch outside of the United States, in Israel, under the management of Moses Basin. The modular Quasar brand was introduced in 1967.
In 1969, Neil Armstrong spoke the famous words "one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind" from the Moon on a Motorola transceiver.[22]
In 1973, Motorola demonstrated the first hand-held portable telephone.[23]
In 1974, Motorola introduced its first microprocessor, the 8-bit MC6800, used in automotive, computing and video game applications.[24] That same year, Motorola sold its television business to the Japan-based Matsushita - the parent company of Panasonic.
In 1976, Motorola moved its headquarters to the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois.
In 1980, Motorola’s next generation 32-bit microprocessor, the MC68000, led the wave of technologies that spurred the computing revolution in 1984, powering devices from companies such as Apple, Commodore, Atari, Sun, and Hewlett Packard.[25]




Dr. Martin Cooper of Motorola made the first private handheld mobile phone call on a larger prototype model in 1973. This is a reenactment in 2007.


In September 1983, the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) approved the DynaTAC 8000X telephone, the world's first commercial cellular device. By 1998, cellphones accounted for two thirds of Motorola's gross revenue.[26] The company was also strong in semiconductor technology, including integrated circuits used in computers. In particular, it is known for the 6800 family and 68000 family of microprocessors and related peripheral ICs; the processors were used in Atari ST, Commodore Amiga, Color Computer, and Apple Macintosh personal computers and in the early HP laser printers, and some 6800-family peripheral devices were used in the IBM PC series of personal computers.[27] The PowerPC family was developed with IBM and in a partnership with Apple (known as the AIM alliance). Motorola also has a diverse line of communication products, including satellite systems, digital cable boxes and modems.
In 1986, Motorola invented the Six Sigma quality improvement process. This became a global standard. In 1990 General Instrument Corporation, which was later acquired by Motorola, proposed the first all-digital HDTV standard. In the same year the company introduced the Bravo numeric pager which became the world's best-selling pager.
In 1991, Motorola demonstrated the world's first working-prototype digital cellular system and phones using GSM standard in Hanover, Germany. In 1994, Motorola introduced the world's first commercial digital radio system that combined paging, data and cellular communications and voice dispatch in a single radio network and handset. In 1995, Motorola introduced the world's first two-way pager which allowed users to receive text messages and e-mail and reply with a standard response.
In 1998, Motorola was overtaken by Nokia as the world's biggest seller of mobile phone handsets.[22]
On September 15, 1999, Motorola announced it would buy General Instrument in an $11 billion stock swap. General Instrument had long been the No. 1 cable TV equipment provider, supplying cable operators with end-to-end hybrid fiber coax cable solutions. This meant that GI offers all cable TV transmission network components from the head-end to the fiber optic transmission nodes to the cable set-top boxes, now at the availability of Motorola. GI's acquisition created the Broadband Communications Sector (BCS).
In 1999, Motorola separated a portion of its semiconductor business—the Semiconductor Components Group (SCG)-- and formed ON Semiconductor, whose headquarters are located in Phoenix, Arizona.[28]
In June 2000, Motorola and Cisco supplied the world's first commercial GPRS cellular network to BT Cellnet in the United Kingdom. The world's first GPRS cell phone was also developed by Motorola. In August 2000, with recent acquisitions, Motorola reached its peak employment of 150,000 employees worldwide.[29] Two years later, employment would be at 93,000 due to layoffs and spinoffs.
In 2002, Motorola introduced the world's first wireless cable modem gateway which combined a high-speed cable modem router with an ethernet switch and wireless home gateway. In 2003, Motorola introduced the world's first handset to combine a Linux operating system and Java technology with "full PDA functionality". In 2004, Motorola divested its whole semiconductor business to form Freescale Semiconductor.
The Motorola RAZR line sold over 120 million units, which brought the company to the number two mobile phone slot in 2005.
In June 2005, Motorola overtook the intellectual property of Sendo for $30,000 and paid £362,575 for the plant, machinery and equipment.[30]
In June 2006, Motorola acquired the software platform (AJAR) developed by the British company TTP Communications plc.[31] Later in 2006, the firm announced a music subscription service named iRadio. The technology came after a break in a partnership with Apple Computer (which in 2005 had produced an iTunes compatible cell phone ROKR E1, and most recently, mid-2007, its own iPhone). iRadio has many similarities with existing satellite radio services (such as Sirius and XM Radio) by offering live streams of commercial-free music content. Unlike satellite services, however, iRadio content will be downloaded via a broadband internet connection. As of 2008, iRadio has not been commercially released and no further information is available.[32]
In 2007, Motorola acquired Symbol Technologies to provide products and systems for enterprise mobility solutions, including rugged mobile computing, advanced data capture, and radio frequency identification (RFID).
In 2010, Motorola sold its cellular-infrastructure business to Nokia Siemens Networks for $1.2 billion.[33]
Motorola, post-split[edit]
In January 2011, Motorola split into two separate companies, each still using the word Motorola as part of its name. One company, Motorola Solutions (using a blue version of the Motorola logo), is based in the Chicago suburb of Schaumburg, Illinois, and concentrates on police technologies, radios, and commercial needs. The other company, Motorola Mobility (using a red logo), is based in Chicago (formerly in the Chicago suburb of Libertyville, Illinois), and is the mobile handset producer. The split was structured so that Motorola Solutions was the legal successor of the original Motorola, while Motorola Mobility was the spin-off.
On August 15, 2011, Google announced that it would purchase Motorola Mobility for about $12.5 billion.[34] On November 17, 2011, Motorola Mobility stockholders “voted overwhelmingly to approve the proposed merger with Google Inc”.[35]
On May 22, 2012, Google announced that the acquisition of Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc. had closed, with Google acquiring MMI for $40.00 per share in cash. ($12.5 billion)[36]
On October 30, 2014, Google sold off Motorola Mobility to Lenovo. The purchase price was approximately US $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including US$1.41 billion paid at close: US $660 million in cash and US$750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining US$1.5 billion was paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
After the purchase, Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including current patent applications and invention disclosures, while Lenovo received a license to the portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[37]
Divisional Products:[38]

Enterprise Mobility Solutions: Headquarters located in Schaumburg, Illinois; comprises communications offered to government and public safety sectors and enterprise mobility business. Motorola develops analog and digital two-way radio, voice and data communications products and systems, mobile computing, advanced data capture, wireless infrastructure and RFID solutions to customers worldwide.
Home & Networks Mobility: Headquarters located in Arlington Heights, Illinois; produces end-to-end systems that facilitate uninterrupted access to digital entertainment, information and communications services via wired and wireless mediums. Motorola develops digital video system solutions, interactive set-top devices, voice and data modems for digital subscriber line and cable networks, broadband access systems for cable and satellite television operators, and also wireline carriers and wireless service providers.
Mobile Devices: Headquarters located in Chicago, Illinois; designs wireless handsets, but also licenses much of its intellectual properties. This includes cellular and wireless systems and as well as integrated applications and Bluetooth accessories. Some of their latest gadgets are Moto X Gen 3, Moto X Play, Moto 360 smartwatch, etc.

Finances[edit]



This section needs expansion. You can help by adding to it. (September 2008)


Motorola's handset division recorded a loss of US$1.2 billion in the fourth quarter of 2007, while the company as a whole earned $100 million during that quarter.[39] It lost several key executives to rivals,[40] and the web site TrustedReviews called the company's products repetitive and uninnovative.[41] Motorola laid off 3,500 workers in January 2008,[42] followed by a further 4,000 job cuts in June[43] and another 20% cut of its research division a few days later.[44] In July 2008, a large number of executives left Motorola to work on Apple Inc.'s iPhone.[45] The company's handset division was also put on offer for sale.[46] Also that month, analyst Mark McKechnie from American Technology Research said that Motorola "would be lucky to fetch $500 million" for selling its handset business. Analyst Richard Windsor said that Motorola might have to pay someone to take the division off the company's hands, and that Motorola may even exit the handset market altogether.[47] Its global market share has been on the decline; from 18.4% of the market in 2007 the company had a share of just 6.0% by Q1 2009, but at last Motorola scored a profit of $26 million in Q2 and showed an increase of 12% in stocks for the first time after losses in many quarters. During the second quarter of 2010, the company reported a profit of $162 million, which compared very favorably to the $26 million earned for the same period the year before. Its Mobile Devices division reported, for the first time in years, earnings of $87 million.[48]
Spin-offs[edit]
Television and radio manufacturing[edit]
In 1974, Motorola divested itself of its television and radio-manufacturing division, which included the Quasar brand of electronics. This division was acquired by Matsushita, already known under its Panasonic brand in North America, where it was looking to expand.
Iridium[edit]
Main article: Iridium (satellite)
Motorola developed the global communication network using a set of 77 satellites. The business ambitions behind this project and the need to raise venture capital to fund the project led to the creation of the Iridium company in the late 1990s. While the technology was proven to work, Iridium failed to attract sufficient customers and it filed for bankruptcy in 1999. Obligations to Motorola and loss of expected revenue caused Motorola to divest the ON Semiconductor (ONNN) business August 4, 1999, raising about $1.1 billion.
Motorola manufactured two satellite phone handsets for this network – the 9500 and 9505 as well as transceiver units. Some of these are still in production by an OEM but sold under the Iridium brand.
Government and defense[edit]
Due to declines in business in 2000 and 2001, Motorola spun off its government and defense business to General Dynamics. The business deal closed September 2001. Thus GD Decision Systems was formed (and later merged with General Dynamics C4 Systems) from Motorola's Integrated Information Systems Group.
Semiconductor[edit]
On August 4, 1999, Motorola, Inc.'s Semiconductor Components Group, manufacturing Motorola's discrete, standard analog and standard logic devices was spun off, recapitalized and established as an independent company named ON Semiconductor.
On October 16, 2004, Motorola announced that it would spin off its Semiconductor Products Sector into a separate company called Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.. The new company began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 16 of the following year.
On Dec. 7, 2015 Freescale Inc. was sold to NXP Semiconductor, a European company.
Automotive[edit]
On January 29, 1988, Motorola sold its Arcade, New York facility and automotive alternators, electromechanical speedometers and tachometers products to Prestolite Electric.[49]
In July 2006, Motorola completed the sale of its automotive business to Continental AG. Motorola’s automotive unit had annual sales of $1.6 billion (€1.33 billion) and employed 4,504. The divisions products included telematics systems - like GM's OnStar used for vehicle navigation and safety services, engine and transmission control electronics, vehicle control, electronics and sensors used in steering, braking, and power doors and power windows.
Biometrics[edit]
In 2000, Motorola acquired Printrak International Inc.[50] for $160 million.[51] In doing so, Motorola not only acquired computer aided dispatch and related software, but also acquired Automated fingerprint identification system software.[52]
In October 2008, Motorola agreed to sell its Biometrics business to Safran, a French defense firm. Motorola's biometric business unit was headquartered in Anaheim, Calif. The deal closed in April 2009.[53] The unit became part of Sagem Morpho, which was renamed MorphoTrak.
Split[edit]
On March 26, 2008, Motorola's board of directors approved a split into two different publicly traded companies. This came after talk of selling the handset division to another corporation. These new companies would comprise the business units of the current Motorola Mobile Devices and Motorola Broadband & Mobility Solutions. Originally it was expected that this action would be approved by regulatory bodies and complete by mid-2009, but the split was delayed due to company restructuring problems and the 2008–2009 extreme economic downturn.[54]
On February 11, 2010, Motorola announced its separation into two independent, publicly traded companies,[55] effective Q1 2011. The official split occurred at around 12:00 pm EST on January 4, 2011. The two new companies are called Motorola Mobility (now owned by Lenovo; cell phone and cable television equipment company) and Motorola Solutions (NYSE: MSI; Government and Enterprise Business). Motorola Solutions is generally considered to be the direct successor to Motorola, Inc., as the reorganization was structured with Motorola Mobility being spun off.[6] Motorola Solutions retains Motorola, Inc.'s pre-2011 stock price history, though it retired the old ticker symbol of "MOT" in favor of "MSI."
Motorola Mobility deal by Google[edit]
On August 15, 2011, seven months after Motorola Mobility was spun off into an independent company, Google announced that it would acquire Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion,[56][57] subject to approval from regulators in the United States and Europe.
According to the filing, Google senior vice president Andy Rubin first reached out to Motorola Mobility in early July 2011 to discuss the purchase by some of Google's competitors of the patent portfolio of Nortel Networks Corp., and to assess its potential impact on the Android ecosystem.
Google boosted its offer for Motorola Mobility by 33% in a single day in early August, even though Motorola wasn't soliciting competing bids. The aggressive bidding by Google showed that[citation needed] the search engine company was under considerable pressure to beef up its patent portfolio to protect its promising Android franchise from a growing number of legal challenges.
According to the filing, Google and Motorola began discussions about Motorola's patent portfolio in early July, as well as the "intellectual property litigation and the potential impact of such litigation on the Android ecosystem".
Although the two companies discussed the possibility of an acquisition after the initial contact by Mr. Rubin, it was only after Motorola pushed back on the idea of patent sale that the acquisition talks picked up steam.
The turning point came during a meeting on July 6. At the meeting, Motorola CEO Sanjay Jha discussed the protection of the Android ecosystem with Google senior vice president Nikesh Arora, and during that talk Jha told Arora that "it could be problematic for Motorola Mobility to continue to exist as a stand-alone entity if it sold a large portion of its patent portfolio".
In connection with these discussions, the two companies signed a confidentiality and non-disclosure agreement that allowed Google to do due diligence on the company's patent portfolio.
On July 21 and 23, Jha met with Arora and Rubin to discuss strategic options between the two companies, agreeing to continue to discuss a potential sale. On the morning of August 15, the two companies entered into a merger agreement at the offered price of $40. On November 17, Motorola Mobility stockholders approved the proposed merger with Google Inc. On April 17, 2013, ARRIS Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARRS) announced that it completed its acquisition of the Motorola Home business from a subsidiary of Google Inc.[58]
Motorola Mobility (Google) deal by Lenovo[edit]
On January 29, 2014, Google announced Lenovo plans to acquire the Motorola Mobility smartphone business. The purchase price is approximately $2.91 billion (subject to certain adjustments), including $1.41 billion paid at close: $660 million in cash and $750 million in Lenovo ordinary shares (subject to a share cap/floor). The remaining $1.5 billion will be paid in the form of a three-year promissory note.
Google maintained ownership of the vast majority of the Motorola Mobility patent portfolio, including active patent applications and invention disclosures. As part of its ongoing relationship with Google, Lenovo received a license to this rich portfolio of patents and other intellectual property. Additionally Lenovo received over 2,000 patent assets, as well as the Motorola Mobility brand and trademark portfolio.[59] On October 30, 2014, Lenovo finalized its purchase of Motorola Mobility from Google.[11]
Canopy and Orthogon[edit]
Cambium Networks was created when Motorola Solutions sold the Canopy and Orthogon businesses in 2011. Cambium Networks has evolved the platform and expanded it to three product lines: Point to Point (PTP) (formerly Orthogon), Point to Multipoint (PMP) (formerly Canopy) and ePMP.
Quality systems[edit]
The Six Sigma quality system was developed at Motorola even though it became best known through its use by General Electric. It was created by engineer Bill Smith, under the direction of Bob Galvin (son of founder Paul Galvin) when he was running the company. Motorola University is one of many places that provide Six Sigma training.
Environmental record[edit]
Motorola, Inc., along with the Arizona Water Co. has been identified as the sources of trichloroethylene (TCE) contamination that took place in Scottsdale, Arizona. The malfunction led to a ban on the use of water that lasted three days and affected almost 5000 people in the area. Motorola was found to be the main source of the TCE, an industrial solvent that can cause cancer. The TCE contamination was caused by a faulty blower on an air stripping tower that was used to take TCE from the water, and Motorola has attributed the situation to operator error.[60]
Of eighteen leading electronics manufacturers in Greenpeace’s Guide to Greener Electronics (October 2010), Motorola shares sixth place with competitors Panasonic and Sony).[61]
Motorola scores relatively well on the chemicals criteria and has a goal to eliminate PVC plastic and brominated flame retardants (BFRs), though only in mobile devices and not in all its products introduced after 2010, despite the fact that Sony Ericsson and Nokia are already there. All of its mobile phones are now PVC-free and it has two PVC and BFR-free mobile phones, the A45 ECO and the GRASP; all chargers are also free from PVC and BFRs.[61]
The company is also increasing the proportion of recycled materials that used in its products. For example, the housings for the MOTO W233 Renew and MOTOCUBO A45 Eco mobile phones contain plastic from post-consumer recycled water cooler bottles.[62] According to the company’s information, all of Motorola’s newly designed chargers meet the current Energy Star requirements and exceed the requirements for standby/no-load modes by at least 67%.[63]
Sponsorships[edit]
Motorola sponsored Scottish Premier League club Motherwell F.C. for 11 years. This long term deal ended after the company started to reduce its manufacturing operations in Scotland. The company also sponsored Livingston F.C. between 1998 and 2002. The company also had a plant on the edge of the town. However, this closed down at the same time as their sponsorship with the club ended. The South Stand at Livingston's Almondvale Stadium, was named after the company, during their time of sponsorship. The company also sponsored a cycling team that counted Lance Armstrong amongst its members. Motorola is also a sponsor of Danica Patrick, David Beckham, and Fergie. It also sponsored the Richmond Football Club in the Australian Football League from 2004 to 2007. Motorola sponsored São Paulo FC from 2000 to 2001. Motorola also sponsored Club Bolívar since 2008. Motorola awarded TrackIT Solutions for being "The company with most Innovative Enterprise Mobility Solution" in 2010.
Motorola sponsored Indian Premier League team Rising Pune Supergiant
In Madden NFL 07 franchise mode, a Motorola phone is used to communicate with coaches and agents.
Robby Gordon was sponsored by Motorola in 2007 and 2008. Motorola is on Gordon's car in NASCAR 07 and NASCAR 08.
See also[edit]


Companies portal
Telecommunications portal



List of companies of the United States
List of electronics companies

References[edit]


^ "Motorola Office Locations". Retrieved July 26, 2010.
^ a b "Motorola Solutions, Inc. 2013 Annual Report Form (10-K)" (XBRL). United States Securities and Exchange Commission. February 13, 2014. 
^ [http://files.shareholder.com/downloads/ABEA-58XVPR/2044382714x0x561829/C636C146-7901-45E3-BC3C-6A82FD06B763/MMI_-_2011_Final_Annual_Report_291113_030.pdf}}
^ Jones, Daniel (2003) [1917], Peter Roach, James Hartmann and Jane Setter, eds., English Pronouncing Dictionary, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, ISBN 3-12-539683-2 CS1 maint: Uses editors parameter (link)
^ Ante, Spencer E. (January 5, 2011). "Motorola Is Split Into Two". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved January 4, 2011. 
^ a b "Motorola Solutions Inc: NYSE:MSI quotes & news – Google Finance". Google. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Roger Cheng, CNET. "It's official: Motorola Mobility now belongs to Lenovo." October 30, 2014 . Retrieved March 7, 2017.
^ Gelles, Claire Cain Miller and David. "After Big Bet, Google Is to Sell Motorola Unit". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "We’ve acquired Motorola Mobility". Google Official Blog. Retrieved May 22, 2012. 
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ a b "Hello Moto". Lenovo. Retrieved October 30, 2014. 
^ Mahon, Morgan E. A Flick of the Switch 1930–1950 (Antiques Electronics Supply, 1990), p.111.
^ "Joseph E. Galvin (1899 - 1944) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "Paul Vincent Galvin (1895 - 1959) - Find A Grave Memorial". Retrieved 26 June 2016. 
^ "The naming origin of Motorola" HighNames, accessed May 16, 2015, http://highnames.com/motorola-naming-origin/
^ Harry Mark Petrakis, The Founder’s Touch: The Life of Paul Galvin of Motorola (Chicago: McGraw-hill, 1965), 58-93; “Sound in Motion,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014,
^ “Calling All Cars,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Calling+All+Cars.
^ “Handie-Talkie Radio,” Motorola Solutions History, accessed November 5, 2014, http://www.motorolasolutions.com/US-EN/About/Company+Overview/History/Explore+Motorola+Heritage/Handie-Talkie+Radio
^ Peck, Merton J. & Scherer, Frederic M. The Weapons Acquisition Process: An Economic Analysis (1962) Harvard Business School p.619
^ Motorola Solutions History, “A Legacy of Innovation: Timeline of Motorola History Since 1928.”
^ Illinois Manufacturers Directory, Manufacturers' News, Inc., Chicago, IL, 1962, p. 1108
^ a b Hempel, Jessi (September 28, 2009). "Motorola gets in the game". CNNMoney.com. Retrieved May 30, 2012. 
^ "Historic News Releases". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on January 5, 2011. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola: 75 Years of Intelligent Thinking", 2003, page 42
^ "Motorola - A Journey Through Time & Technology” pages 75 – 79
^ John F. Mitchell, Time Magazine Milestones section, July 6, 2009, p.17
^ These include the MC6845 CRT Controller—used in the MDA and CGA adapters and the PCjr and emulated in the EGA, MCGA, and VGA—and the MC146818 real-time clock in the IBM AT.
^ "ON Semiconductor". ON Semiconductor. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ "Motorola layoffs". Chicago Tribune. 28 June 2002. Retrieved 9 January 2015. 
^ King, Ben (September 28, 2005). "How Britain lost Sendo". The Register. Retrieved January 16, 2011. 
^ "Motorola acquires TTPCom AJAR Software Platform". Motorola Inc. Archived from the original on April 16, 2007. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "iRadio". Motorola Inc. Retrieved February 3, 2008. 
^ JENNA WORTHAM, The New York Times. "Nokia Siemens Agrees to Pay Cash for Division of Motorola." July 19, 2010. Retrieved Jan 20, 2017.
^ "Google's Motorola acquisition: Nail in the Android patent coffin?". ZDNet. Retrieved 2012-02-19. 
^ "Motorola Mobility Stockholders Approve Merger with Google". Motorola Mobility, Inc. November 17, 2011. Archived from the original on November 20, 2011. Retrieved November 28, 2011. 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Google Press Announcement". 
^ "Motorola Mobility – Motorola Solutions – About Motorola – Directional Landing Page". Motorola Inc. January 4, 2011. Archived from the original on November 13, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola profit slides on mobile woes; shares hit 5-year low". MarketWatch. January 23, 2008. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola CTO Richard Nottenburg takes off". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola Phones Sales Crash 38 Per Cent". TrustedReviews. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola to lay off 3,500". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola cuts another 4,000 jobs". Engadget Mobile. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ slashing 20% of its research division
^ "Motorola sues former employee turned Apple exec for ganking trade secrets". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola insider tells all about the fall of a technology icon". Engadget. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Olga Kharif and Roger O. Crockett (July 10, 2008). "Motorola's Market Share Mess". BusinessWeek. Retrieved August 4, 2008. 
^ "Motorola ends fiscal Q2 with healthy profit – GSMArena.com news". Gsmarena.com. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ "Detailed History". Prestolite Electric Inc. Retrieved 2012-06-13. 
^ "Printrak a Motorola Company" answers.com. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Motorola to Buy Printrak for $160 Million" Los Angeles Times, 2000-08-30. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Law enforcement enlists fingerprint technology to fight crime Contract awards latest in string of wins for Printrak International" findarticles.com, 1995-04-27. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ "Safran Completes Acquisition of Motorola's Biometrics Business" Motorola Solutions website, 2009-04-07. Retrieved September 26, 2011
^ Reardon, M.: "As losses return, Motorola delays its split", "CNET News", 2008-10-30. Retrieved April 26, 2009
^ "Motorola Mobility, Inc. – Media Center – Press Releases – Motorola Targets First Quarter 2011 to Separate into Two Independent, Publicly Traded Companies". Mediacenter.motorola.com. February 11, 2010. Archived from the original on February 14, 2010. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ Tsukayama, Hayley (August 15, 2011). "Google agrees to acquire Motorola Mobility". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ "Google to Acquire Motorola Mobility" (Press release). Google. August 15, 2011. Retrieved August 15, 2011. 
^ Richard Lawler, EnGadget. "Arris closes deal to buy Motorola Home cable and internet biz from Google." April 17, 2013. Retrieved Jun 3, 2017.
^ Lenovo to Acquire Motorola Mobility from Google – Investor Relations – Google. Investor.google.com. Retrieved on 2014-01-30.
^ Balazs, Diana (May 9, 2008). "Companies trying to prevent PV water pollution". The Arizona Republic. Retrieved July 12, 2011. 
^ a b "Greenpeace – Guide to Greener Electronics". Greenpeace International. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Material content". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 8, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 
^ "Motorola – Energy efficiency". Motorola. Archived from the original on August 9, 2010. Retrieved January 12, 2011. 


Further reading[edit]

Gart, Jason H. (2006). "Electronics and Aerospace Industry in Cold War Arizona, 1945–1968 – Motorola, Hughes Aircraft, Goodyear Aircraft". Arizona State University.  Phd diss.

External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Motorola.



Official website
"For Google, The Motorola Deal Was All About The Patents At First", by Spencer E. Ante, The Wall Street Journal, Sep 14, 2011.







v
t
e


Motorola



People



Paul V. Galvin
Sanjay Jha





Subsidiaries and spinoffs



Motorola Mobility (spinoff)
Freescale Semiconductor (spinoff)
ON Semiconductor (spinoff)
Iridium Communications (spinoff)
Motorola Solutions (subsidiary)
Sendo (acquisition)





Technologies



FLEX
iDEN
iTap
MOTO Talk
Motorola phone AT commands
PowerSource
SCREEN3





Consortia



88open
Advanced Digital Radio Testing Service
Motorola University





Related



List of semiconductor fabrication plants
Motorola affair
Motorola Mobility v. Apple Inc.












v
t
e


Illinois-based corporations



Fortune 500
corporations
(by size–2013)



Walgreens Boots Alliance
Archer Daniels Midland
Boeing
Caterpillar Inc.
State Farm Insurance
Abbott Laboratories
Sears Holdings
United Continental Holdings
Deere & Company
Mondelēz International
Allstate
McDonald's
Exelon
Kraft Heinz
Illinois Tool Works
Baxter International
Navistar International
RR Donnelley
CDW
Hillshire Brands
Discover Financial
W. W. Grainger
Motorola Solutions
Dover Corporation
Tenneco
Ingredion
Anixter
United Stationers
AbbVie
Old Republic International





Other major
public companies
(alphabetically)



ACCO Brands
Accretive Health
Allscripts
Amcol International Corporation
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
Brunswick Corporation
Calamos
Career Education Corporation
Catamaran Corporation
CBOE Holdings
CF Industries Holdings
CME Group
CNA Financial
Equity Residential
Fortune Brands Home & Security
General Growth Properties
Hospira
Hyatt Hotels Corp.
Integrys Energy Group
Jones Lang LaSalle
Kemper Corporation
Nalco Holding Company
Nicor
Northern Trust
RLI Corp.
Rubicon Technology
Stericycle
Telephone and Data Systems
Titan International
Tribune Media
Tronc
Tootsie Roll Industries
ULTA Beauty
US Foods
USG Corporation
Westell
Zebra Technologies





Other major
private companies
(alphabetically)



Ace Hardware
Baker & McKenzie
Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
Claire's
Country Financial
Danfoss Power Solutions
Dot Foods
Eby-Brown
Electro-Motive Diesel
Flex-N-Gate
Follett Corporation
Gardner Denver
Grant Thornton LLP
Health Care Service Corporation
Heico Cos.
Hendrickson International
Hub International
Jenner & Block
Kirkland & Ellis
Marmon Group
Mayer Brown
Medline Industries
Molex
Morton Salt
Nestlé Frozen Pizza
OSI Group
Pactiv
Reyes Holdings
Ryerson, Inc.
Sidley Austin
Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
Solo Cup Company
Tellabs
TransUnion
True Value
Wirtz Corporation





Related topics



Breweries in Illinois
Companies in the Chicago metropolitan area
Food manufacturers of Chicago
Newspapers in Illinois
Wineries in Illinois










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Motorola&oldid=792646406"					
Categories: Motorola1928 establishments in Illinois2011 disestablishments in IllinoisAmerican companies established in 1928Companies based in Cook County, IllinoisCompanies formerly listed on the Tokyo Stock ExchangeDefunct companies based in IllinoisDefunct manufacturing companies of the United StatesDefunct mobile phone manufacturersElectronics companies established in 1928Electronics companies of the United StatesManufacturing companies disestablished in 2011Manufacturing companies established in 1928National Medal of Technology recipientsSchaumburg, IllinoisSysML PartnersTechnology companies established in 1928Telecommunications companies of the United StatesHidden categories: CS1 maint: Uses editors parameterPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles to be expanded from September 2008All articles to be expandedArticles using small message boxesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from April 2012 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEspañolEuskaraفارسیFrançais한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLatviešuLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиമലയാളംमराठीمصرىBahasa MelayuNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålਪੰਜਾਬੀPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSuomiSvenskaதமிழ்ไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言吴语粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 19:22.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






 






















  




Products - Radios, Accessories, Networks, & Apps - Motorola Solutions
















skip to content

















mobile toggle





























Motorola Products
















Motorola Solutions to acquire Airbus DS Communications
We are pleased to add to our portfolio of 911 software for public safety customers of all sizes.
Read the Press Release











Making the move from analog to digital
Texas Bigfoot Communications chooses a bright future with MOTOTRBO Capacity Max.
View Case Study











Get an Si500
 Body-Worn Camera For Free
Get a free Si500 police body camera with every subscription to CommandCentral Vault Digital Evidence Management System.
LEARN MORE











Connect instantly, affordably.
See how WAVE OnCloud PTT service instantly connects your employees via mobile phones, computers and radios to get more done, faster. 


Watch and Learn






Prev


0


1


2


3


Next









Our wide-ranging product portfolio has the tools you need to get the job done in any business.



Browse below to find individual products, entire networks and systems or the right accessory or service to complete your experience.






















How to Buy

 
 

    
		How to Buy
 

 




Call 1.888.325.9336






Chat Live with a Representative



Contact Us Online


Find a Partner







Get Support




Share & Connect



Share this on






Facebook






Twitter






Google+






LinkedIn






Email





Connect with us on





Facebook






Twitter






LinkedIn






YouTube






Communities















Browse By






Devices




Police Cameras
Consumer Two-way Radios
LTE Devices
Pagers
Two-way Radios








Systems and Networks




Analog Business Radio Systems
Dispatch
LTE Broadband Systems
MOTOTRBO Systems
Project 25 (P25) Systems








Software and Applications




App Download Center
Intelligent Middleware
Smart Public Safety Solutions
Two-way Radio Applications
Voice Applications





 





Accessories




Police Camera Accessories
Consumer Two-way Radios Accessories
Two-way Radio Accessories








Product Lines & Technologies




APX™ Series P25 Two-way Radios
ASTRO® 25 Network
IMPRES™ Smart Energy and Audio Solutions
Industrial Internet of Things
MOTOTRBO™
Public Safety LTE
Talkabout™
WAVE™ Work Group Communications











 




Experience Motorola Solutions






Featured Items


















Smarter. Safer. Better Together. 

Do what you never thought possible when you harness data with Mobile Intelligence. See it in action.

















Get a Free Si500 Body-Worn Camera 

Get an Si500 police body camera for free with every subscription to CommandCentral Vault Digital Evidence Management System.



















Act Now and Save Up to $1200 on Next Generation MOTOTRBO 
    

With the advanced features of MOTOTRBO two-way radios, crystal-clear audio and intelligent data applications, your teams will work more safely and efficiently. Redeem your savings.





 




















Now There's Another Option to Reach 9-1-1

Text-to-9-1-1 offers a potentially lifesaving choice for situations when calling 9-1-1 is not an option.


















Connect instantly, affordably.

See how WAVE OnCloud PTT service instantly connects your employees via mobile phones, computers and radios to get more done, faster. 

















Sign Up Today: Smart Public Safety Solutions Webinar Series
    

Join industry experts in our monthly webinar series.





 




















Find the Perfect One for Everyone

Whether it's a rugged, voice-only radio or a productivity powerhouse, there's a MOTOTRBO solution that's perfect for you.

















LEX L10 Mission Critical Handheld

Purpose-built mission critical LTE handheld with the Public Safety Experience (PSX) that responders need to work faster, safer and smarter.

















VML750 LTE Vehicle Modem

Extend Public Safety LTE connectivity into your vehicle fleet and take advantage of broadband data on the go.





 







Perspectives














What We Learned By Moving To Next Generation 9-1-1 Technology

Jul 31, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Tom Butts
                                    







Improving System Performance With Big Data Analytics

Jun 26, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Rushil Ramachandran
                                    







What Does A Browser Have In Common With NG9-1-1?

Jun 01, 2017 | 
								0 comments








Craig Dollar
                                    










 

























































Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


USA & Canada

















 




 

Motorola Mobility - Motorola Solutions - 台灣









































Motorola Mobility 提供重要的個人化資訊，可同時滿足家用及行動客戶的需求。
進入網站 


記住我的選擇
					




Motorola Solutions 為企業和政府提供業務及業務關鍵通訊產品與服務。
進入網站 


記住我的選擇
					






Video Solutions




雙向無線電與配件 
行動資料終端 
無線網路基礎架構 
摩托羅拉解決方案投資者關係 


私人無線電系統 
條碼掃描 
Motorola 合作夥伴計畫 
摩托羅拉解決方案媒體中心 




  摩托羅拉業務分離 
摩托羅拉公司在 2011 年 1 月 4 日進行業務分拆。 閱讀更多關於摩托羅拉行動和摩托羅拉解決方案的資訊。









		© 2012 Motorola Mobility, Inc. 本公司保留所有權利
		







我們已經精簡本公司的業務，現邀請來自台灣 的顧客  在這裡了解更多關於我們的手機產品。*
不過您仍可通過當地  的支援 網站獲得協助並檢視更多您所在國家/地區供應的產品。



重要訊息
致本公司 客戶的
台灣
*手機產品不保證在您所在的國家/地區均有供應。










Video Solutions, 

The website you are trying to access is now redirecting to our English site. But don't worry, you will still be able to access the same information about our innovative solutions and products.
.
Go Go to English Site 











您嘗試存取的網站即將重新導向至我們的英文網站。 別擔心，您仍然能夠存取有關本公司創新解決方案與產品的相同資訊。
前往英文網站


致本公司
客戶的重要訊息 
台湾










Motorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Basingstoke, England Jobs | Glassdoor.co.ukGlassdoor uses cookies to improve your site experience. By continuing, you agree to our use of cookies. OK | Learn MoreGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled.Learn how to enable cookies.Motorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Jobs in Basingstoke, EnglandKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (4)Create Job AlertMotorola Solutions, Inc. Product Manager Jobs in Basingstoke, EnglandFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 Miles CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesComputer Software & HardwareTelecommunications MoreCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractIntern/TraineeTemporaryApprenticeshipEntry LevelTown/CityAll CitiesBracknellBasingstokeCompanyAll CompaniesLucas Systems, Inc.Motorola Solutions, Inc.FiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 MilesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractIntern/TraineeTemporaryApprenticeshipEntry LevelCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesComputer Software & HardwareTelecommunicationsCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesTown/CityAll CitiesBracknellBasingstokeCompanyAll CompaniesLucas Systems, Inc.Motorola Solutions, Inc. 3.4Radio/Wireless System Engineer Motorola Solutions – Basingstoke, England 16 days ago 16 d will provide technical support to our Project Managers. You will Interface with product teams and 3rd party vendors during the project… will take responsibility to design radio communication system solutions, from the conceptual phases through to system implementation…  no.logo.altUK Security Co-ordinator/B291/96327/1 G4S Plc UKSS – United KingdomNEW goals. He/she needs to align her/her customer strategy within Motorola strategy. All goals, responsibilities, projects and initiatives… company specialising in the provision of security products, services and solutions? G4S is active in more than 110 countries, and…  3.4Software Engineer Lucas Systems (Pennsylvania) – Bracknell, EnglandEasy Apply 28 days ago 28 d software products. Technologies include software that runs on a variety of leading-edge mobile devices from Motorola, Intermec… recognisable impact in a profitable, established and growing software solutions company? As a member of Lucas’ Engineering Team, you could…  3.4Software Test Engineer Lucas Systems (Pennsylvania) – Bracknell, EnglandEasy Apply 28 days ago 28 d cases for Lucas’ software products that run on a variety of leading-edge mobile devices from Motorola, Intermec, Apple, Samsung… Warehouse Management Systems (WMS) or other supply chain software solutions Education and Experience BS or MS in Computer Science…  Page 1 of 1Email AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Bracknell, Basingstoke Related Companies:&nbsp Motorola Solutions, Lucas Systems (Pennsylvania)People Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Bracknell, Basingstoke Related Companies:&nbsp Motorola Solutions, Lucas Systems (Pennsylvania) Jobsnum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter CompanyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGo to your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!
Senior Product Manager Jobs | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Senior Product Manager JobsKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (0)Create Job AlertSenior Product Manager JobsYour search for Senior Product Manager Jobs does not match any jobs. We suggest you:Make sure all words are spelled correctlyTry more general keywordsReplace abbreviations with the entire wordCheck your spellingOr try related job titles:senior program managerproduct management directorproduct managementdirector of product managementsr product managersenior product marketing managersenior managersenior marketing managerproduct marketing managerdirector product managementReset FiltersEmail AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto Email Senior Product Manager Jobsnum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too! 






















  




Office Locations - Motorola Solutions
















skip to content


















mobile toggle























Back







OFFICE LOCATIONS












 
 
 
 
 
 





















OFFICE LOCATIONS





Company Overview


Executive Committee


Board of Directors


History


Timeline


Explore Motorola Heritage


First Sales Account Ledger


Sound in Motion


Calling All Cars


Handie-Talkie Radio


First FM Portable Two-Way Radio


Handie-Talkie Paging System


Cell Phone Development




Annual Report Archives


Historic News Releases


Heritage Services FAQ




Office Locations


Quality Leadership


Recognition


Technology Leadership 


Industry Standards


Technology Licensing


Licensing Process


Standards-Based Licensing


DMR Essentials Licensing Program


DPMR Essentials Licensing Program


PDR Licensing


Proprietary Technology Licensing


TETRA Essentials Licensing Program


Distributed Power Amplifier


Multiple Reference Clock Generator


PDT Licensing






Ventures


Corporate Responsibility


Governance and Policies


Supply Chain


Environment


Products


Employees


Community


Motorola Solutions Foundation


















How to Buy

 
 

    
		How to Buy
 

 




Call 1.888.325.9336






Chat Live with a Representative



Contact Us Online


Find a Partner







Get Support




Share & Connect



Share this on






Facebook






Twitter






Google+






LinkedIn






Email





Connect with us on





Facebook






Twitter






LinkedIn






YouTube






Communities












Office Locations

 
With operations worldwide, Motorola Solutions maintains manufacturing, sales and administrative facilities in dozens of locations. Find the addresses and phone numbers of our largest offices below.
This is by no means an exhaustive list of our locations — it's just a list of our largest offices. For more information about Motorola Solutions around the globe, navigate to other locations using the "Country/Region" site selector at the top of this page. Still can't find what you need? Try our Contact Us page.



Global Headquarters

Motorola Solutions, Inc.
500 W Monroe Street, Ste 4400
Chicago, IL  60661-3781
USA
Tel: +1 847 576 5000

 





North America





Canada
Motorola Solutions Canada Inc.
8133 Warden Avenue
Markham Ontario L6G 1B3
Tel: +1 905 948 5200








United States
Motorola Solutions, Inc.
500 W Monroe Street, Ste 4400
Chicago, IL  60661-3781 
USA
Tel: +1 847 576 5000





 


Latin America





Argentina
Motorola Solutions  Argentina S.A.
Av. Del Libertador 1855
Vicente López - Pcia. de Buenos Aires
(B1638BGE) Argentina
Tel: (+5411) 4837 4000








Brazil
Motorola Solutions Ltda
Av. Magalhães de Castro, 4800 – 8º andar
Cidade Jardim – São Paulo – SP
05676-120 - Brazil
Tel: +55 11 5171-9200





 





Chile
Motorola Solutions Chile S.A.
Av. Nueva Tajamar 481
Torre Sur, Edificio World Trade Center, OF 1702 LAS CONDES
Santiago, Chile 7550099 
Tel: +56-2-338-9000 







Colombia
Motorola Solutions Colombia LTDA.
Av Cra 45 Autopista Norte # 108-27
Torre 1, Piso 14
Bogotá Colombia
Tel: 571-6022111




 





México
Motorola Solutions de México, S.A.
Bosque de Alisos # 125
Col. Bosques de las Lomas
CP 05120 México, D.F.
Tel: +52 55 5257-6700







Peru
Motorola Solutions del Peru
Avenue Manual Olguin #335-345
District of Santiago de Surco
Lima, Peru 15000 




 


Asia Pacific





Australia
Motorola Solutions Australia Pty. Limited
10 Wesley Court
Tally Ho Business Park
Burwood East
Victoria 3151 Australia
Tel: +61 3 9847 7500







China
Motorola Solutions (China) Co., Ltd.
17F, MSD Building C-1, 
the 1st Street, 
Economic-Technological Development Area, 
Tianjin, China 

Motorola Solutions (China) Co., Ltd. Beijing Branch
No. 1 Wang Jing East Road
Chao Yang District
Beijing, China 100102
Tel: +86 10 84732288





 





Hong Kong 
Motorola Solutions Asia Pacific Limited
Unit 1807-1812
18/F. Two Harbourfront
22 Tak Fung Street
Hunghom, Kowloon.
Tel: +852 5806 0800







India
Motorola Solutions India Private Limited
Motorola Excellence Centre
415/2 Mehrauli-Gurgaon Road
Sector 14, Gurgaon 122 001
Haryana, India
Tel: +91 124 4192000




 





Indonesia
PT Motorola Solutions Indonesia
BRI II Building, Suite 1001
Jalan. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 44 - 46
Jakarta 10210 - Indonesia
Tel: (62-21) 3043 5200
Fax: (62-21) 571 3646








Japan
Motorola Solutions Japan Limited 
Tamachi First Building, 
4-6-8, Shibaura, Minato-ku, 
Tokyo, Japan 
108-0023 
Tel: +81-3-6722-2480





 





Korea
Motorola Solutions Korea, Inc.
19F, Hibrand Building
215, Yangjae-dong,
Seocho-gu
Seoul 137-924 Korea
Tel: +822 3497 3600








Malaysia
Motorola Solutions Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.
14th Floor, Persoft Tower
6B Off Persiaran Tropicana
47410 Petaling Jaya
Selangor Darul Ehsan
Malaysia
Tel: +603 4065 0700




 





Philippines 
Motorola Solutions Philippines, Inc.
Unit 2102, One Global Place Building
5th corner 25th Avenue, Bonifacio Global City
Taguig, Philippines 1634
Tel: +63-2-858-7500








Singapore
Motorola Solutions Singapore Pte. Ltd.
80 Pasir Panjang Road #18-81
Mapletree Business City II
Singapore 117372
Tel: +65-6817 6800




 





Taiwan
Motorola Solutions Taiwan, Ltd
8th Floor, Number 9
Song-gao Road, Xinyi District
Taipei 110, Taiwan
Tel: +886 2 7703 1200







Vietnam
Motorola Solutions Vietnam LLC,
1518 CSC center, 15th floor,
ICON4, 243A De La Thanh Street,
Lang Thuong, Dong Da, Ha Noi, Vietnam
Điện thoại: +84 4 3933 1088





 


Europe, Middle East and Africa





Denmark
Motorola Solutions Danmark A/S
15 Glostrup 2600
Telephone: +45 4348 8000








France
Motorola Solutions France SAS
Parc Les Algorithmes
Saint Aubin 
91193 Gif sur Yvette, France 
Tel: +33 1 69 35 77 00





 





Germany
Motorola Solutions Germany GmbH
Am Borsigturm 130
Berlin, Germany 13507
Tel: +49 30 6686 0








Germany
Motorola Solutions Germany GmbH
Telco-Kreisel 1
65510 Idstein, Germany
Tel: +49 06126 9576 0





 





Israel
Motorola Solutions Israel Limited
2 Negev St.
Airport City, 70199
Israel
Tel: +972-3-5658888








Italy
Motorola Solutions Italia S.r.l.
Via Giovanni I Lorenzini, 4
20139 Milano
Italy
Tel: +39 02522071





 





Kazakhstan 
Motorola Solutions, Inc.
100G Furmanov Street 
Office 407 (Business center Prime) 
050000 Almaty 
Kazakhstan 








Norway
Motorola Solutions Norway AS
Kabelgaten 34
0580 Oslo
Norway
Tel: +47 22 72 82 00





 





Poland
Motorola Solutions Systems Polska
s.p. z.o.o.
Ul. Czerwone Maki 82
30-392 Krakow
Tel: +48 12 2979000








Russia
Motorola Solutions JSC
"CITIDEL", 7th Floor, Block V,
9, Zemlyanoi val
Moscow, 105064 Russia
Tel: +7 4957850150





 





South Africa
Motorola Solutions South Africa (Proprietary) Limited
33 Fricker Road,
Illovo
Sandton, 2196 South Africa
Tel Number : +27 11 800 7800








Spain
Motorola Solutions España S.A.
CL Martinez Villergas
52 Bloq 3
28027 Madrid Spain
Tel: +34 91 400 2280





 





Sweden
Motorola Solutions Sweden AB
Byängsgränd 20, 7tr
SE-120 40 Årsta. Sweden







Ukraine
Motorola Solutions, Inc.
13 Pimonenko str., 
bld. 8, office 8A/25 (Business-city Forum) 
Kyiv 04050, Ukraine





 





United Arab Emirates
Motorola Solutions UK Limited – Dubai Branch
Business Central Towers
Tower B, 34th floor, Media City
PO Box 33339
Dubai
United Arab Emirates
Tel: +971 4 33 15 111







United Kingdom
Motorola Solutions UK Limited
Nova South 
160 Victoria Street 
London, SW1E 5LB





 











































Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


USA & Canada

















 




  





















  




Motorola Solutions Mission Critical Communications  - Motorola Solutions
















skip to content

















mobile toggle
































Discover New Crime Patterns Hidden in Your Data 
84% of law enforcement agencies are using Excel for crime analysis - is there a better way?
Find Out Now













Great Canadian Gaming Places Its Bet on Digital Communications 
Move to digital improves security, emergency response and guest experience for properties like the River Rock Casino Resort and Hard Rock Casino Vancouver.
Read the Case Study













Are you tired of juggling communication devices?
It's time to expect more of your radio and keep water utilities flowing with unified Team Communications. 
Learn More 













Tour the Smart Fire and First Response Experience
Visit the one destination that brings together all of the smart solutions, products, and resources needed to help focus on the mission.
Explore Now









0


1


2


3










 
        Loading News... 
      





More News



















WAVE ONCLOUD IS HERE: 
START YOUR 30-DAY FREE TRIAL
    

Forget about networks, devices and geographic boundaries – your team stays connected from any device, anywhere. Connect radio users to smartphone users with instant PTT. Start your free trial.

















EXPERIENCE UNIFIED COMMUNICATIONS WITH NEXT GENERATION MOTOTRBO
    

With the advanced features of MOTOTRBO two-way radios, crisp audio and intelligent data applications, your teams will work more safely and efficiently. Act now and save up to $1200! 

















MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS TO ACQUIRE AIRBUS DS COMMUNICATIONS
    

We are pleased to add to our portfolio of 911 software for public safety customers of all sizes.





 








 

















Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


USA & Canada


















 




 
Product Manager Jobs in Basingstoke, England | Glassdoor.co.ukGlassdoor uses cookies to improve your site experience. By continuing, you agree to our use of cookies. OK | Learn MoreGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled.Learn how to enable cookies.Product Manager Jobs in Basingstoke, EnglandKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (1,911)Create Job AlertProduct Manager Jobs in Basingstoke, EnglandFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 Miles CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesRecruiting & StaffingComputer Software & HardwareBiotech & PharmaceuticalsManufacturingTelecommunicationsConsultingBeauty & FitnessInformation TechnologyArts & EntertainmentRetailBuilding & ConstructionHealth Care & HospitalsMarketing & AdvertisingAerospace & DefenseInsuranceSupermarkets MoreCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractIntern/TraineeTemporaryApprenticeshipEntry LevelTown/CityAll CitiesReadingMaidenheadBasingstokeBracknellGuildfordNewburyFarnboroughWinchesterWokingCompanyAll CompaniesZachary DanielsWallace Hind Selection LLPBMS PerformancePenguin Recruitment LimitedAdecco S.A.Vodafone Group PlcHays plcOracle CorporationProject PeopleCable & Wireless Worldwide plcZoek UKBiogen Inc.Johnson & JohnsonPepsiCo, Inc.Novartis AGHP Inc.BeneFit Cosmetics LLC360 Resourcing Solutions LtdGenesis Ambulance ServiceFiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 MilesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractIntern/TraineeTemporaryApprenticeshipEntry LevelCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesRecruiting & StaffingComputer Software & HardwareBiotech & PharmaceuticalsManufacturingTelecommunicationsConsultingBeauty & FitnessInformation TechnologyArts & EntertainmentRetailBuilding & ConstructionHealth Care & HospitalsMarketing & AdvertisingAerospace & DefenseInsuranceSupermarketsCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesTown/CityAll CitiesReadingMaidenheadBasingstokeBracknellGuildfordNewburyFarnboroughWinchesterWokingCompanyAll CompaniesZachary DanielsWallace Hind Selection LLPBMS PerformancePenguin Recruitment LimitedAdecco S.A.Vodafone Group PlcHays plcOracle CorporationProject PeopleCable & Wireless Worldwide plcZoek UKBiogen Inc.Johnson & JohnsonPepsiCo, Inc.Novartis AGHP Inc.BeneFit Cosmetics LLC360 Resourcing Solutions LtdGenesis Ambulance Service 2.6Product Manager Delta Consultants – Basingstoke, England 6 days ago 6 d health are looking for a ProductManager - specialising in there Immuno molecular range of products to be the newest member of… ProductManager - Hampshire - £45-50,000 + Bonus, Do you want to be part of a team where they are making a difference to… Product Manager Stellar Select Limited – Basingstoke, England 10 days ago 10 d introduced business.Responsibilities for the role of ProductManager Establish product research and development as a core area of the… of products Establish robust record keeping and process around product development Monitor sourcing systems and manage product…  4.0Product Manager Solutions 4 Recruitment – United Kingdom 10 days ago 10 d are seeking brand new ProductManager to join their team. You will be working within a close team of product professionals, managing… ProductManager c£30-35k plus Pension, Share Scheme, Flexible Hours and Free Parking Berkshire, commutable from areas…  no.logo.altProduct Manager Wote Street People – Basingstoke, England 22 days ago 22 d activity, making product recommendations, and working with key stakeholders in the business, to deliver product changes and proposition… knowledge and experience. In this role, you will: " Establish product research and development as a core area of the marketing function…  3.1Product Manager Adecco – Basingstoke, England 22 days ago 22 d partnership with the General Manager *Establishing, developing and maintaining relationships with relevant Product Specialists to ensure… the departments are effective *Liaising with Sales Managers to ensure product offering remains competitive and relevant to their…  3.4Product Manager Thomas International – Marlow, England 13 days ago 13 d opportunity has arisen for a highly motivated ProductManager to join a new, dynamic Product team, based at our headquarters in Marlow… positioning products in the global marketplace Liaising with the global business to manage relationships and be a product ambassador…  4.7Product Manager Seltek – United Kingdom 10 days ago 10 dProductManager Salary:£50k/Year Reference:904715 One of our charity based clients are looking to hire a Product Manager… responsible for managing and maintaining the product life cycle of key company products. By spotting future trends in the market you…  4.4Product Marketing Manager Wallace Hind Selection – Basingstoke, EnglandNEW following products and/or services: Category ProductManager, Product Category Manager, Category Manager, productManager, retail… Product Marketing Manager - You will take full responsibility for the category vision and manage the individual products within…  TechHub LogoProduct Manager TechHub Ltd – Reading, England 30+ days ago 30d+ stakeholders and other ProductManagers to present and justify product decisions. ProductManager Key Skills Have an… development and ownership of the companies core product portfolio. ProductManager Core Responsibilities Work with an Agile…  3.6Product Manager Computer Futures – Reading, England 23 days ago 23 d house to help them recruit a ProductManager. If you are passionate about delivering high quality products and outstanding digital… is the job for you. We are looking for an experienced ProductManager who is use to working on fast paced digital projects. You…  5.0Product Manager UKCloud – Farnborough, Hampshire, South East England, England 14 days ago 14 d lifecycle of your product set from initial concept Manage prioritisation and trade-offs Create buy-in for the product vision both… Info: Pension, Healthcare, Life Cover, Bonus Are you a productmanager with cloud experience? Would you like more ownership and…  3.1Product Manager Flexera Software – Maidenhead, England 22 days ago 22 d responsibility for the product and it’s features from concept to EOL. You will work with architects, productmanagers, marketing and development… Technical ProductManager Flexera Software is on the leading edge developing technologies Software Vendors and Intelligent…  3.6Product Manager Vodafone – Newbury, England 13 days ago 13 d better time to join us as a ProductManager and be a part of our success. As a productManager you will deliver revenue, profit… Role Title: ProductManager Location: Newbury At Vodafone Group we build connections to all our Global operations, acting…  4.4Category Product Manager – International Wallace Hind Selection – Basingstoke, England 28 days ago 28 d following products and/or services: Category ProductManager, Product Category Manager, Category Manager, ProductManager, Consumer… Category ProductManager you will take full responsibility for the category vision and manage the individual products within it…  5.0Africa & Middle East Product Manager Travel Trade Recruitment Limited – Farnborough, Hampshire, South East England, EnglandNEW for the ProductManager position Click 'Apply' to submit your CV. CONTACT INFORMATION: This role is being managed by: Emily… for exciting new jobs and a new opening has arisen for a ProductManager. This specialist tour operator operates worldwide offering…  4.3Product Innovation Manager Barclay Meade – United KingdomNEW industry are looking for a Product Innovation Manager. The Product Innovation Manager will bring product innovation right from the… through The Job: PRODUCT INNOVATION MANAGER The Role: Research: As a productmanager you will research and recognise…  2.2Product Manager Stafforce Recruitment – Camberley, England 27 days ago 27 d Camberley is now recruiting for a ProductManager to oversee the companies' products. The ProductManager will have full accountability… production processes; Asses and improve levels of product quality, including product packaging, on a continual basis; Proactively…  5.0Account Manager TalentSpa – Basingstoke, EnglandNEW business produces a diverse group of organic food and drink products, ranging across dairy, meat and alcohol, based in North Hampshire… other buffalo cheeses), jerky, biltong, salami and beer. Their products are sold nationwide via multiple retailers, including Waitrose…  4.0Product Manager- Managed Service Platform TSS Solutions Ltd – Basingstoke, England 21 days ago 21 d Role Profile To be the product champion for the telent Managed Service Platform, taking business ownership for the management… set for the MSP. As the product champion drive the success of the MSP, through timely product delivery, helping achieve target…  5.0Bid Manager PIE Recruitment – Basingstoke, EnglandNEW development and delivery of presentations. The Bid Manager will: Lead, manage and deliver the process to acquire and retain all… decision and solution. In conjunction with the account manager, manage allocated customer accounts with an objective of achieving…  4.0Inside Sales Manager Pareto Law PLC – Basingstoke, EnglandNEW The Inside Sales Manager is responsible for leading and developing a team of 7+ Account Development Managers covering the EMEA… dashboards and systems as necessary to support effective productivity, agility and scalability of the Inside Sales function Create…  4.4Category Product Manager - International Wallace Hind Selection – Basingstoke, England 30+ days ago 30d+ following products and/or services: Category ProductManager, Product Category Manager, Category Manager, ProductManager, Consumer… Category ProductManager you will take full responsibility for the category vision and manage the individual products within it…  3.8CAD CAM Product Manager CCL – United KingdomNEW CAD CAM ProductManager International CAD CAM enterprise requires a ProductManager to drive their product portfolio forward… CAD CAM Product Support, CAD CAM ProductManager, CAD CAM Brand Manager, CAD CAM Presales, Technical Account Manager CAD, CAD…  5.0Implementation Manager - Fleet Management PIE Recruitment – Basingstoke, EnglandNEW service. About the Role: The Implementation Manager will manage the development of implementations from business case… their corporate and SME customers. They offer a full suite of product portfolio which enables their business to deliver a higher…  4.7Project Manager - Basingstoke - £50 Austin Fraser – Basingstoke, England 7 days ago 7 d deployment and integration projects working closely alongside ProductManagers, Implementations Consultants and Business Analysts.… Project Manager (Agile) - Basingstoke - £50,000 Austin Fraser are working with one of our key clients in the Basingstoke area…  4.4Product Category Manager – International Wallace Hind Selection – Reading, England 9 days ago 9 d following products and/or services: Category ProductManager, Product Category Manager, Category Manager, ProductManager, Consumer… . As Product Category Manager you will take full responsibility for the category vision and manage the individual products within…  3.5Products Manager Premier Group Recruitment – Maidenhead, EnglandNEW team the ProductsManager will ensure all product information is readily available and up to date. The Junior Product Marketing… Junior Product Marketing Manager West Berkshire £30,000 - £35,000 My fantastic client is looking for a Junior Product Marketing…  4.7Warranty Product Manager networx – United Kingdom 4 days ago 4 d everything we do. The Role As Warranty ProductManager, you will sit within the Product team which is part of the Commercial and… targets for the group. As Warranty ProductManager, you will; Focus on the development of products that will be sold across multiple…  4.6Materials Manager Orion Electrotech Ltd – Basingstoke, England 7 days ago 7 d Materials Manager We are looking for an experienced Materials Manager with knowledge of Lean manufacturing within electronics… the Operations Manager Undertake sales orders acceptance and plan demand to achieve delivery schedules Manage costs to ensure…  2.9External Account Manager - £30k-£50k+Bonus Penguin Recruitment – Basingstoke, England today 8 hr Keywords - Sales, Telesales, Account Manager, IT, ProductManager, Vendor, Field Sales, Channel Manager, Business Development, Inside… Cyber Security Products. Once you have bought the accounts on board you will then use your expertise to manage the accounts with… Product Manager in Basingstoke, England JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalaryProduct ManagerDelta ConsultantsBasingstoke, EnglandProduct ManagerStellar Select LimitedBasingstoke, EnglandProduct ManagerSolutions 4 RecruitmentUnited KingdomProduct ManagerWote Street PeopleBasingstoke, EnglandProduct ManagerAdeccoBasingstoke, EnglandProduct ManagerThomas InternationalMarlow, EnglandProduct ManagerSeltekUnited KingdomProduct Marketing ManagerWallace Hind SelectionBasingstoke, EnglandProduct ManagerTechHub LtdReading, EnglandProduct ManagerComputer FuturesReading, EnglandProduct ManagerUKCloudFarnborough, Hampshire, South East England, EnglandProduct ManagerFlexera SoftwareMaidenhead, EnglandProduct ManagerVodafoneNewbury, EnglandCategory Product Manager – InternationalWallace Hind SelectionBasingstoke, EnglandAfrica & Middle East Product ManagerTravel Trade Recruitment LimitedFarnborough, Hampshire, South East England, EnglandProduct Innovation ManagerBarclay MeadeUnited KingdomProduct ManagerStafforce RecruitmentCamberley, EnglandAccount ManagerTalentSpaBasingstoke, EnglandProduct Manager- Managed Service PlatformTSS Solutions LtdBasingstoke, EnglandBid ManagerPIE RecruitmentBasingstoke, EnglandInside Sales ManagerPareto Law PLCBasingstoke, EnglandCategory Product Manager - InternationalWallace Hind SelectionBasingstoke, EnglandCAD CAM Product ManagerCCLUnited KingdomImplementation Manager - Fleet ManagementPIE RecruitmentBasingstoke, EnglandProject Manager - Basingstoke - £50Austin FraserBasingstoke, EnglandProduct Category Manager – InternationalWallace Hind SelectionReading, EnglandProducts ManagerPremier Group RecruitmentMaidenhead, EnglandWarranty Product ManagernetworxUnited KingdomMaterials ManagerOrion Electrotech LtdBasingstoke, EnglandExternal Account Manager - £30k-£50k+BonusPenguin RecruitmentBasingstoke, England Page 1 of 64Previous12345NextEmail AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Reading, Maidenhead, Basingstoke, Bracknell, Guildford, Newbury, Farnborough, Winchester, Woking Top Companies for product manager in Basingstoke, England:&nbsp Delta Environmental, Stellar Select, Time 4 recruitment, Adecco, Thomas International, Seltek Consultants, Wallace Hind Selection, TechHub, Computer Futures Solutions, UKCloudPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Cities for Product Manager:&nbsp Reading, Maidenhead, Basingstoke, Bracknell, Guildford, Newbury, Farnborough, Winchester, Woking Top Companies for product manager in Basingstoke, England:&nbsp Delta Environmental, Stellar Select, Time 4 recruitment, Adecco, Thomas International, Seltek Consultants, Wallace Hind Selection, TechHub, Computer Futures Solutions, UKCloud Product Manager Jobs in Basingstokenum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter CompanyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGo to your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!
Motorola Solutions, Inc. Senior Product Manager Arlington Heights, Cook, IL Jobs | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Motorola Solutions, Inc. Senior Product Manager Jobs in Arlington Heights, Cook, ILKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (13)Create Job AlertMotorola Solutions, Inc. Senior Product Manager Jobs in Arlington Heights, Cook, ILFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 Miles CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesTelecommunicationsComputer Software & Hardware Salary $52,000Salary$52k$140k Include jobs with no salary data MoreCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCityAll CitiesChicagoSchaumburgElginCompanyAll CompaniesMotorola Solutions, Inc.Connect Tech Inc.Lenovo Group LimitedFiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 MilesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level $52,000Salary$52k$140k Include jobs with no salary dataCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesTelecommunicationsComputer Software & HardwareCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesCityAll CitiesChicagoSchaumburgElginCompanyAll CompaniesMotorola Solutions, Inc.Connect Tech Inc.Lenovo Group Limited 3.4Senior Software Services Product Manager Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $97k-$131kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Software Services Product Manager at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $113k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $97k - $131k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… record of delivery of software products in an Agile environment. The Software ProductManager will have responsibility for gathering…  3.3Advisory Interaction Designer Lenovo – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $80k-$113kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Advisory Interaction Designer at Lenovo in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $97k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $80k - $113k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 27 days ago 27d Position Description Motorola Mobility is one of the world’s fastest growing smartphone providers, creating… blow our minds with their novel and delightful design solutions. The Senior Staff Interaction Designer is an ideas person who can…  3.0Sales Compensation Analyst Oracle Incentive Comp (OIC) Tool - 328BR Tech-Connect – Chicago, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $53k-$73kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Sales Compensation Analyst Oracle Incentive Comp (OIC) Tool - 328BR at Connect Tech in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $61k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $53k - $73k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 16 days ago 16d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions' innovations, products, and services play essential roles in people's… and devices. MotorolaSolutions, Inc is reinventing itself to provide smart work group communication solutions by investing in…  3.4Product CyberSecurity Internship Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, ILNEW Dynamic Team that manages and oversees the Cyber Security program for Product Development throughout MotorolaSolutions. As a team-member… innovative ways to ensure Secure delivery and Operation of MotorolaSolutionsproduct in the operations of our Customers.Working with Development…  3.4Senior System Test Engineer Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $70k-$86kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior System Test Engineer at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $77k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $70k - $86k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… The Systems and Infrastructure Test Group within MotorolaSolutions is responsible for delivering integrated and tested systems…  3.4Engineering Project Lead - Rapid Custom Product Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, ILNEW center within MotorolaSolutions. We specialize in proof-of-concept and low-volume advanced communications products for government… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people…  3.4Senior Recruiter Motorola Solutions – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $59k-$82kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Recruiter at Motorola Solutions in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $70k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $59k - $82k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Category Human Resources Department Description MotorolaSolutions Inc. has a fantastic opportunity for an experienced and…  3.4Transactions and Securities Counsel Motorola Solutions – Chicago, IL 6 days ago 6d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… current trends and best practices. Ensure General Counsel and senior management are fully briefed on major issues arising in relevant…  3.4HR Business Partner Motorola Solutions – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $78k-$124kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor HR Business Partner at Motorola Solutions in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $99k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $78k - $124k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d Description The MotorolaSolutions HR Business Partner team provides support to thousands of senior leaders, managers and employees… matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people…  3.4Value Stream / Operations Manager Motorola Solutions – Elgin, IL Est. Salary $58k-$105kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Value Stream / Operations Manager at Motorola Solutions in Elgin, ILThe median pay of $80k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $58k - $105k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 16 days ago 16d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… written, and presentation) are essential. Ability to work with senior leaders at all levels within the organization. Job ID 567BR…  3.4Senior Cloud Windows System Administrator Motorola Solutions – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $77k-$94kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Cloud Windows System Administrator at Motorola Solutions in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $85k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $77k - $94k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 20 days ago 20d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Cloud Compute team, a component of MotorolaSolutions’ IT strategy, enables a flexible, managed, secure and cost effective IaaS as…  3.4Senior Cloud Linux System Administrator Motorola Solutions – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $83k-$111kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Cloud Linux System Administrator at Motorola Solutions in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $96k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $111k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 20 days ago 20d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… Cloud Compute team, a component of MotorolaSolutions’ IT strategy, enables a flexible, managed, secure and cost effective IaaS as…  3.4IT Data Architect Motorola Solutions – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $107k-$154kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor IT Data Architect at Motorola Solutions in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $130k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $107k - $154k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 16 days ago 16d matters to someone, somewhere. And every moment, MotorolaSolutions’ innovations, products and services play essential roles in people… partner to senior business and IT leadership. The role is also responsible for the teams that plan, design, implement and manage the… Senior Product Manager in Arlington Heights, Cook, IL JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalarySenior Software Services Product ManagerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $97k-$131kAdvisory Interaction DesignerLenovoChicago, IL $80k-$113kSales Compensation Analyst Oracle Incentive Comp (OIC) Tool - 328BRTech-ConnectChicago, IL $53k-$73kProduct CyberSecurity InternshipMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $48k-$81kSenior System Test EngineerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $70k-$86kEngineering Project Lead - Rapid Custom ProductMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $84k-$132kSenior RecruiterMotorola SolutionsChicago, IL $59k-$82kTransactions and Securities CounselMotorola SolutionsChicago, IL $26k-$45kHR Business PartnerMotorola SolutionsChicago, IL $78k-$124kValue Stream / Operations ManagerMotorola SolutionsElgin, IL $58k-$105kSenior Cloud Windows System AdministratorMotorola SolutionsChicago, IL $77k-$94kSenior Cloud Linux System AdministratorMotorola SolutionsChicago, IL $83k-$111kIT Data ArchitectMotorola SolutionsChicago, IL $107k-$154k Page 1 of 1Email AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior program manager, product management director, product management, director of product management, sr product manager, senior product marketing manager, senior manager, senior marketing manager, product marketing manager, director product management Top Cities for Senior Product Manager:&nbsp Chicago, Schaumburg, Elgin Related Companies:&nbsp Motorola Solutions, Lenovo, Connect TechPeople Also Searchedsenior program manager, product management director, product management, director of product management, sr product manager, senior product marketing manager, senior manager, senior marketing manager, product marketing manager, director product management Top Cities for Senior Product Manager:&nbsp Chicago, Schaumburg, Elgin Related Companies:&nbsp Motorola Solutions, Lenovo, Connect Tech Jobsnum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too! 





















  









Motorola Solutions Home - Motorola Solutions Asia Pacific
















skip to content

















mobile toggle
































READY FOR THE FUTURE, TODAY
Be ready for the future today with DIMETRA X Core, the new fully scalable TETRA system for Mission Critical Communications.
LEARN MORE













Counterfeits Are Not The Same As The Originals. Buy Real.
Counterfeit products pose a real danger to you and your business. Do not leave safety to chance.
Learn More













ST7000 Small Tetra Radio
Small. Discreet. Sophisticated.


Maintaining the highest level of customer service
Learn more









0


1


2










 
        Loading News... 
      





More news




















Extend the Power of Motorola APX Radios

Experience Motorola's Si Series Video Speaker Microphone


















EXPERIENCE THE NEXT GENERATION MOTOTRBO

New Capabilities. New Radios. 
New System.

















10TH
 ANNIVERSARY MOTOTRBO ACCESSORIES PROMOTION
    



Shop Now







 








 














Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


ASIA PACIFIC


















 




 
Product Manager Jobs | Glassdoor.co.ukGlassdoor uses cookies to improve your site experience. By continuing, you agree to our use of cookies. OK | Learn MoreGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled.Learn how to enable cookies.Product Manager JobsKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (28,122)Create Job AlertProduct Manager JobsFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractIntern/TraineeTemporaryApprenticeshipEntry Level CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesFiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractIntern/TraineeTemporaryApprenticeshipEntry LevelCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employees 2.4Product Manager ScribbleLive – London, EnglandEasy Apply 16 days ago 16 d and progress Define and manage the product roadmap: create epics and stories; manage the product backlog; work with Engineering… As a ProductManager, you will work with a Scrum team that is charged with the success of a key ScribbleLive product line. You…  4.8Product Manager – HOOPS Exchange Tech Soft 3D – United Kingdom 7 days ago 7 dProductManager – HOOPS Exchange Location: Flexible (US or Europe) What you will do As a ProductManager you are responsible… market to determine a product strategy that maximizes the potential of HOOPS Exchange. You’ll define the product roadmap, collaborate…  4.6Product Manager Facebook – London, England 13 days ago 13 d Facebook products in London, we have a number of opportunities for ProductManagers to join us and drive the product roadmap for… getting started.Facebook ProductManagers work with teams of engineers and designers to build products. We are looking for extremely…  4.0Product Manager Arm Holdings – Belfast, Northern IrelandNEW plan and execute product launches, brief editors and analysts, support sales opportunities, and manage the product set-up in the… internal database systems. As a productmanager you: take responsibility for products throughout their entire lifecycle.…  4.4Product Manager Google – London, England 5 days ago 5 d complex problems into steps that drive product development at Google speed. As a ProductManager, you will be part of shaping Google's… customer needs and gather product requirements, in order to develop new products and to enhance existing products. Engage and work…  3.3Product Manager London Stock Exchange Group – United Kingdom today 10 hr position is to hire a proactive ProductManager who will work with key business stake holders in Product, Risk, and Sales teams to develop… development team to make it production ready. Work with Sales and Product for customer engagement regarding the prototype solution providing…  4.2Product Manager graze.com – Richmond upon Thames, EnglandEasy Apply 8 days ago 8 d UK brand. The role ProductManager Our digital product function is looking for a productmanager who is passionate about… for in you Ideally you are already a productmanager, product owner or product delivery specialist or have worked in customer…  3.6Product Manager Guardian News & Media – London, EnglandNEW to (Job title): ​Group ProductManager, Reader First, theguardian.com The Role: As ProductManager, Reader Revenues, you… Job Title: ​ProductManager, Reader Revenues Department:​ Digital Development Normal location:​ Kings Place, 90 York Way, Kings…  4.0Product Manager Nutmeg – London, EnglandEasy Apply 24 days ago 24 d impact of once in production. Nutmeg’s ProductManager are agile Product Owners / Managers. While there are other similarly named… identifying future product opportunities that are in line with our strategy and goals. You’ll be a key link between Product, Engineering…  2.7Product Manager Capita – United Kingdom today 7 hr Vacancy description ProductManager Location: Runcorn, Cheshire (Regular business travel will be required)… looking for highly motivated self-starter and experienced ProductManager who would have achieved Customer Satisfaction through implementation…  3.9Product Manager RetailMeNot – London, EnglandNEW As a Productmanager you will support the development of market-leading products and features for our flagship site, VoucherCodes.co.uk… entrepreneurial, resourceful and creative productmanager to help us deliver the products and services that our customers will love…  5.0Product Manager Electus Recruitment Solutions – London, England 7 days ago 7 dProductManager London Competitive (DOE) ASAP Are you an experienced ProductManager with a track record of working within… multinational clients. The Role The experienced ProductManager will work closely across all functions of the business…  5.0Product Manager Intelligent People – London, England 13 days ago 13 d launch of innovative products. The ProductManager / Lead ProductManager / Digital ProductManager will be joining a lean… The ProductManager / Lead ProductManager / Digital ProductManager must: Have strong Agile & Scrum Product Management…  4.2Senior Product Manager – Sky Bet Sky Betting & Gaming – Leeds, England 7 days ago 7 d through the product lifecycle to ensure we act proactively and reactively to feedback building better productManage the development… tutorial videos, etc. Build relationships with other ProductManagers across the business to understand how your areas of focus…  5.0Product Manager Burns Sheehan Limited – London, EnglandNEW an experienced ProductManager to join the ride. You will be responsible for managing one of their key products and will be seen… on uncertainty As ProductManager, your main responsibilities will include identifying future product opportunities that are…  3.5Product Manager Deliveroo – London, EnglandEasy Apply 24 days ago 24 dProductManager Location: London, Cannon Street Salary: Competitive Closing Date: 23rd of August 2017 Who We Are… and others, to keep the operation afloat. Life as a productmanager can mean working on any or all of these areas, in order…  4.4Product Manager Bandwidth Recruitment Ltd – London, England 6 days ago 6 d Bandwidth are recruiting for a ProductManager role on behalf of our client who specialise in innovative payments technology.… will be responsible for creating and managing the product strategy and product delivery from start to finish. Ideally you will have…  4.0Product Manager Solutions 4 Recruitment – United Kingdom 10 days ago 10 d are seeking brand new ProductManager to join their team. You will be working within a close team of product professionals, managing… ProductManager c£30-35k plus Pension, Share Scheme, Flexible Hours and Free Parking Berkshire, commutable from areas…  4.0Product Manager aql – Leeds, EnglandEasy ApplyNEW The ProductManager will be responsible for product planning and execution throughout the product life cycle including gathering… Define product strategy and roadmap through assessing customer requirements, market competition, evaluating aql products against…  4.6Product Manager La Fosse Associates Ltd – West End, EnglandNEW including web and mobile applications. They are looking for a ProductManager who is extremely delivery focused and has experience working… Job Role: Product ManagerSalary: £55,000 - £65,000 + Package Location: Central London Product Owner with experience…  5.0Product Manager Brewster Pratap – Goole, England 7 days ago 7 d experienced ProductManager (Buyer) to drive revenue and margin growth in a given area, and support the General Manager in delivering… Managing the range of products listings on the website in conjunction with the Assistant ProductManager, and in accordance with…  4.4Product Manager BMS Performance – Halifax, England 25 days ago 25 dProductManager Manufacturer supplying the Automotive, Chemical, and Pharmaceutical sectors Halifax 40-45k plus pension,… expanding business. You will be responsible for a range of products, managing them for profitable growth throughout their lifecycle…  5.0Product Manager Airsorted – London, England 16 days ago 16 d As a ProductManager at Airsorted, you will work intimately with our team of engineers and designers. We are looking for someone… by building consensus on priorities leading to product execution Drive product development with a team of world-class engineers…  5.0Product Manager Jenrick IT – London, England 6 days ago 6 d actions to keep the product on track against commercial and customer targets. Own and manage all risks to the Product The following… market-leading digital agile consultancy who currently require a ProductManager to join them in the UK. This is an excellent opportunity…  4.9Product Manager Understanding Recruitment – Cambridge, East of England, EnglandNEWProductManager This is a new role for a high-calibre ProductManager to join an innovative technology solutions company… management capabilities and secure a ProductManager to focus on a new product that is believed to reach market mass levels in the next… Product Manager Jerrold Holdings – Cheadle, North West England, EnglandNEW mortgage environment. The key purpose for the ProductManager is to own the product management process from conception to post-release… ProductManager Job ID: 1801 Salary: £35,000.00 to £55,000.00 Working Hours: 37.50 per week Job Purpose This is an…  4.1Product Manager Secret Escapes – London, England today 8 hr working on Working closely with the Head of Product and the other ProductManagers to ensure ruthless prioritization of feature… and say they’re wonderful! Hackday is sacred and our Productmanagers love to work with the tech team on crazy stuff. We’re real…  Chisholm Chisholm and Kilpatrick Logo 4.4Product Manager Kilpatrick ltd – Hemel Hempstead, England 6 days ago 6 d seek a high calibre ProductManager with a laboratory background to help translate user requirements into product design, working… partners for life science technology and product developments,supporting new product introduction and helping define next-on developments…  5.0Product Manager Astra Recruitment – Yeovil, England 6 days ago 6 d looking for an experienced ProductManager to join a leading company in their field. The ProductManager provides leadership, in… specifications, setting of product priorities and direction as well as driving for delivery of product releases. He/she collaborates…  3.6Product Manager Turner – London, EnglandNEW Posting Job Title ProductManager Time Warner Division Turner Business Unit_TBS 4160 Industry Advertising Cable… Position Type Full Time Posting Job Description As ProductManager, you contribute to the development and design of market… Product Manager JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalaryProduct ManagerScribbleLiveLondon, EnglandProduct Manager – HOOPS ExchangeTech Soft 3DUnited KingdomProduct ManagerFacebookLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerArm HoldingsBelfast, Northern IrelandProduct ManagerGoogleLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerLondon Stock Exchange GroupUnited KingdomProduct Managergraze.comRichmond upon Thames, EnglandProduct ManagerGuardian News & MediaLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerNutmegLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerCapitaUnited KingdomProduct ManagerRetailMeNotLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerElectus Recruitment SolutionsLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerIntelligent PeopleLondon, EnglandSenior Product Manager – Sky BetSky Betting & GamingLeeds, EnglandProduct ManagerBurns Sheehan LimitedLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerDeliverooLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerBandwidth Recruitment LtdLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerSolutions 4 RecruitmentUnited KingdomProduct ManageraqlLeeds, EnglandProduct ManagerLa Fosse Associates LtdWest End, EnglandProduct ManagerBrewster PratapGoole, EnglandProduct ManagerBMS PerformanceHalifax, EnglandProduct ManagerAirsortedLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerJenrick ITLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerUnderstanding RecruitmentCambridge, East of England, EnglandProduct ManagerJerrold HoldingsCheadle, North West England, EnglandProduct ManagerSecret EscapesLondon, EnglandProduct ManagerKilpatrick ltdHemel Hempstead, EnglandProduct ManagerAstra RecruitmentYeovil, EnglandProduct ManagerTurnerLondon, England Page 1 of 938Previous12345NextEmail AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Companies for product manager:&nbsp ScribbleLive, Tech Soft 3D, Facebook, Arm, Google, London Stock Exchange Group, graze.com, Guardian News & Media, Nutmeg, CapitaPeople Also Searchedsenior product manager, associate product manager, product management, program manager, director product management, marketing manager Top Companies for product manager:&nbsp ScribbleLive, Tech Soft 3D, Facebook, Arm, Google, London Stock Exchange Group, graze.com, Guardian News & Media, Nutmeg, Capita Product Manager Jobs Tip: enter a city to see jobs in your area.num of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter CompanyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGo to your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too!
Senior Product Manager Jobs in Arlington Heights, Cook, IL | GlassdoorGlassdoor will not work properly unless browser cookie support is enabled. Learn how to enable cookies.Senior Product Manager Jobs in Arlington Heights, Cook, ILKeywordLocation JobsJobsCompaniesSalariesInterviewsSearchAll Jobs (3,494)Create Job AlertSenior Product Manager Jobs in Arlington Heights, Cook, ILFilters JobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 Miles CompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesBanking & Financial ServicesAccounting & LegalComputer Software & HardwareManufacturingConsultingInsuranceRecruiting & StaffingMarketing & AdvertisingBiotech & PharmaceuticalsInformation TechnologyReal EstateHealth Care & HospitalsInternet & TechWholesale Salary $16,000Salary$16k$436k Include jobs with no salary data MoreCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry LevelCityAll CitiesChicagoNorthbrookSchaumburgWaukeganElk Grove VillageOak BrookDeerfieldDowners GroveHoffman EstatesLake ForestCompanyAll CompaniesDeloitte Jones Lang LaSalle IncorporatedAbbVie, Inc.Ernst & Young Global LtdGroupon, Inc.Aon CorporationNorthern Trust CorporationBMO Bankcorp, Inc.CVS Caremark CorporationBMO Harris Bank N.A.Discover Financial ServicesThe Allstate CorporationCDW LLCCitigroup Inc.CapGemini S.A.Capital One Financial CorporationHSBC Holdings plcAccenture LtdJPMorgan Chase & Co.FiltersCancelApply FiltersFiltersClearFiltersJobDate PostedAny TimeLast DayLast WeekLast 2 WeeksLast MonthSearch RadiusExact Location5 Miles10 Miles15 Miles25 Miles50 Miles100 MilesJob TypeAll Job TypesFull-timePart-timeContractInternshipTemporaryApprentice/TraineeEntry Level $16,000Salary$16k$436k Include jobs with no salary dataCompanyCompany RatingAll Company Ratings&starf;&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf;&starf; and up&starf;&starf; and up&starf; and upIndustryAll IndustriesBanking & Financial ServicesAccounting & LegalComputer Software & HardwareManufacturingConsultingInsuranceRecruiting & StaffingMarketing & AdvertisingBiotech & PharmaceuticalsInformation TechnologyReal EstateHealth Care & HospitalsInternet & TechWholesaleCompany SizeAll Sizes0-200 employees201-500 employees501-1000 employees1001-5000 employees5001+ employeesCityAll CitiesChicagoNorthbrookSchaumburgWaukeganElk Grove VillageOak BrookDeerfieldDowners GroveHoffman EstatesLake ForestCompanyAll CompaniesDeloitte Jones Lang LaSalle IncorporatedAbbVie, Inc.Ernst & Young Global LtdGroupon, Inc.Aon CorporationNorthern Trust CorporationBMO Bankcorp, Inc.CVS Caremark CorporationBMO Harris Bank N.A.Discover Financial ServicesThe Allstate CorporationCDW LLCCitigroup Inc.CapGemini S.A.Capital One Financial CorporationHSBC Holdings plcAccenture LtdJPMorgan Chase & Co. 4.0Senior Product Manager Devbridge Group – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $126k-$168kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Devbridge Group in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $146k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $126k - $168k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d opportunity exploration. You've coached and trained ProductManagers on agile best practices, and understand how to mentor and… workshops with strategic clients Coach and train other ProductManagers on best practice Work with team members to produce estimates…  3.9Senior Product Manager Expedia – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $103k-$138kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Expedia in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $120k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $103k - $138k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 8 days ago 8d revenue through cross-sell product initiatives You will work across the organization (including product marketing, analytics, legal… managing global product roadmaps, balancing prioritization and constraints while ensuring excellent execution of the product lifecycle…  3.8Senior Product Manager Braintree – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $139k-$187kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Braintree in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $161k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $139k - $187k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 30+ days ago 30d+ our product Sat in on a retrospective Reviewed and published metrics for your product Mentored and managedproduct managers… for the product and the team. The Role: As a Product Management Lead with Braintree, you will drive existing product areas and…  4.7Senior Product Manager SpotHero – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $95k-$129kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at SpotHero in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $111k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $95k - $129k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 23 days ago 23d the wool analytics-driven SeniorProductManager who will be foundational in building out new Products. We marry the craft of User… . You are: A dyed in the wool analytics-driven ProductManager. Nothing excites you more than improving conversion, retention…  3.4Senior Technical Product Manager Globant – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $90k-$131kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Technical Product Manager at Globant in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $108k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $90k - $131k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW team. Right now, we are seeking an exceptional Senior Technical ProductManager to join our team that is presently delivering solutions… related field. 2+ years of experience in a technical productmanager or product analyst role 4+ years of relevant work experience…  4.1Senior Product Manager Telnyx – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $83k-$114kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Telnyx in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $98k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $114k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d forward-thinking ProductManager with a strong ability to design and execute transformative communications products that power the… high degree of resiliency and reliability. The Role ProductManagers are technology generalists who span many disciplines: user…  3.6Senior Product Manager Reynolds Consumer Products – Lake Forest, IL Est. Salary $136k-$181kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Reynolds Consumer Products in Lake Forest, ILThe median pay of $157k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $136k - $181k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW for a SeniorProductManager located at our headquarters in Lake Forest, IL. Your Role: As a SeniorProductManager, you… will identify opportunities for cost savings, product improvement, and new products and then execute projects to implement initiatives…  2.9Senior Product Manager Old World Industries – Northbrook, IL Est. Salary $93k-$126kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Old World Industries in Northbrook, ILThe median pay of $109k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $93k - $126k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 22 days ago 22d The SeniorProductManager will be responsible to manage the overall product strategy, product line profitability, product roadmap… DUTIES, TASKS AND RESPONSIBILITIES: The SeniorProductManager will expedite product ideation, innovation and development objectives…  3.6Senior Product Manager Signal – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $89k-$128kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Signal in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $108k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $89k - $128k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d looking for a ProductManager to lead the conceptual and technical development of marketing technology product initiatives from… amazing development team, track product development, and develop product launch plans. Sell products to partners and customers as…  3.7Senior Manager, Operations Analytics Discover Financial Services – Riverwoods, IL Est. Salary $131k-$171kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Manager, Operations Analytics at Discover in Riverwoods, ILThe median pay of $149k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $131k - $171k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d applications. •Maximize team performance and foster a culture of productivity, responsiveness and quality. Provide impactful coaching across… providing rewarding, satisfying careers. We are looking for a Sr. Manager of Collection Operations Analytics within the credit card operation…  3.7Senior Manager, Collection Analytics Discover Financial Services – Riverwoods, IL Est. Salary $131k-$171kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Manager, Collection Analytics at Discover in Riverwoods, ILThe median pay of $149k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $131k - $171k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d etc. oMaximize team performance and foster a culture of productivity, responsiveness and quality. Provide impactful coaching across… providing rewarding, satisfying careers. We are looking for a Sr. Manager of Collection Analytics within the credit card operation’s…  5.0Senior Product Manager iManage – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $94k-$127kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at iManage in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $109k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $94k - $127k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 30+ days ago 30d+ execution of new features and products. The SeniorProductManager will gather and prioritize product and customer requirements and… Job Description Overview The SeniorProductManager is responsible for driving product direction and strategy, and day to day…  3.3Senior Product Manager - Care Grubhub – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $120k-$162kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager - Care at Grubhub in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $140k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $120k - $162k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 13 days ago 13d successfully with senior leaders across the company, engineering, research and design, customer care, and the rest of the product team.… eat it too! About You: You are a smart, world-class ProductManager who is passionate about solving complex problems by using…  3.8Senior Digital Product Manager Goldman Sachs – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $113k-$160kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Digital Product Manager at Goldman Sachs in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $136k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $113k - $160k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 9 days ago 9d Goldman Sachs is looking for an experienced productmanager to help grow the product team in the digital consumer finance business… team is looking for a skilled productmanager with a track record of bringing digital consumer products to market. The candidate has…  4.1Mobile Channel Manager Baxter Credit Union – Vernon Hills, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $62k-$105kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Mobile Channel Manager at Baxter Credit Union in Vernon Hills, ILThe median pay of $80k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $62k - $105k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW support of the Senior Channel Manager, you will champion a diverse range of products in the mobile e-commerce space responsible for… , interacting, and reporting with all product stakeholders. Drive the mobile product development cycle and contribute to our…  3.7Senior Product Manager Egencia – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $86k-$117kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Egencia in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $101k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $86k - $117k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d revenue through cross-sell product initiatives You will work across the organization (including product marketing, analytics, legal… managing global product roadmaps, balancing prioritization and constraints while ensuring excellent execution of the product lifecycle…  3.7Counsel, Senior Manager - Employee Benefits Discover Financial Services – Riverwoods, IL 6 days ago 6d Discover’s employee benefits initiatives. The Counsel, SeniorManager role will be responsible for providing advice, counsel and… laws and benefit plan litigation. Ability to work as a productive and influential member of a multidisciplinary team in a fast-paced…  3.4Product Manager, Financial Services Rotary – Evanston, IL Est. Salary $74k-$111kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Financial Services at Rotary in Evanston, ILThe median pay of $92k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $74k - $111k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 20 days ago 20d All levels, including Rotary senior leaders, Secretariat executives, seniormanagers, managers/supervisors, and employees; significant… and productmanagers throughout the organization. The ProductManager will lead the efforts of a cross-functional product team…  3.9Senior Managed Services Manager, Offer Management CDW – Lincolnshire, IL Est. Salary $83k-$132kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Managed Services Manager, Offer Management at CDW in Lincolnshire, ILThe median pay of $105k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $83k - $132k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 26 days ago 26d The SeniorManager will be accountable for driving Managed Services sales growth and increasing the awareness of Managed Services… Description The SeniorManager of the Offer Management team is responsible for planning and executing on the go-to-market strategies…  4.9Senior Manager Data Engineering Collinwood Technology Partners – Chicago, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $122k-$172kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Manager Data Engineering at Collinwood Technology Partners in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $148k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $122k - $172k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEWSeniorManager - Data Engineering USA-IL-Greater Chicago-Chicago|Information Technology This role is for a SeniorManager… and customer-based data scientists, statisticians, modelers, product developers and data strategists. As a leader, you will have…  3.7Senior Manager, Digital Platforms/ Marketing Technology Solutions Discover Financial Services – Riverwoods, IL Est. Salary $110k-$170kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Manager, Digital Platforms/ Marketing Technology Solutions at Discover in Riverwoods, ILThe median pay of $133k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $110k - $170k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW integration and automation across current platforms, developing product roadmaps and garnering resources to support key stakeholder… benefit and progress with executive leadership. Partner with product owners and sourcing teams for new solution RFPs, vendor evaluations…  3.2Lead Product Manager, Groupon Goods Groupon – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $108k-$150kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Lead Product Manager, Groupon Goods at Groupon in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $126k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $108k - $150k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 7 days ago 7d and senior management through clear thinking and communication. Learns by quickly testing out new hypotheses. Manage and… whenever they need to purchase a service or product online. At Groupon, a ProductManager is effectively the CEO of their area, working…  4.9Senior Manager BI Engineering Collinwood Technology Partners – Chicago, ILEASY APPLY Est. Salary $88k-$125kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Manager BI Engineering at Collinwood Technology Partners in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $104k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $88k - $125k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEWSeniorManager - BI Engineering USA-IL-Greater Chicago-Chicago|Information Technology This role is for a SeniorManager of… and customer-based data scientists, statisticians, modelers, product developers and data strategists. As a leader, you will have…  3.3Senior Product Manager Lenovo – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $98k-$132kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Product Manager at Lenovo in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $114k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $98k - $132k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 22 days ago 22d The SeniorProductManager is savvy with mobile technology and has a passion for consumer electronic products. This person… quality product plan for our innovative consumer products. You will interpret the global consumer needs into new product offerings…  3.4Product Manager, Principal Zebra Technologies – Chicago, IL Est. Salary $85k-$123kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Product Manager, Principal at Zebra Technologies in Chicago, ILThe median pay of $103k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $85k - $123k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates.NEW talented SeniorProductManager, skilled at Software Solutions Architecture, to help us drive new business models and products for… Business Unit at Zebra Technologies is looking for a SeniorProductManager. The ideal candidate will be responsible for helping…  3.6Senior Safety Scientist, Aggregate Reports GPV-US Lundbeck – Deerfield, IL Est. Salary $91k-$137kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Safety Scientist, Aggregate Reports GPV-US at Lundbeck in Deerfield, ILThe median pay of $112k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $91k - $137k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 6 days ago 6d and caregivers not simply manage their conditions but thrive in spite of them. SUMMARY: The Senior Safety Scientist, Aggregate… detection activities. This position reports directly to the Senior Director, Risk Management & Aggregate Reports GPV-US. ESSENTIAL…  3.7Senior Manager, Digital Analytics Discover Financial Services – Riverwoods, IL Est. Salary $131k-$171kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Manager, Digital Analytics at Discover in Riverwoods, ILThe median pay of $149k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $131k - $171k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 14 days ago 14d keen digital analytics acumen to research and identify new products, channels, partnerships and affiliations for Personal Loans… person should have a good mix of analytical skills and strong product knowledge. Business knowledge of systems and software will…  3.6Senior Liability Claim Specialist IAT Insurance Group – Rolling Meadows, IL Est. Salary $50k-$73kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Liability Claim Specialist at IAT Insurance Group in Rolling Meadows, ILThe median pay of $61k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $50k - $73k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 20 days ago 20d The Claims department with IAT has an immediate opening for a Senior Liability Claims Specialist in our Rolling Meadows, Illinois… providing a wide range of property and casualty insurance products meeting the needs of individuals and businesses. IAT consists…  3.4Senior Software Services Product Manager Motorola Solutions – Schaumburg, IL Est. Salary $97k-$131kHelp us improve this Salary RangeThanks for reporting this!Uh oh. There was an error reporting this salary feedback. Please try again another time!Which statement describes your situation?-- Choose --I do this type of jobI used to do this jobI am a recruiter or HR professionalI am a hiring managerI am a compensation professionalOtherDo you currently work for this company?YesNoFor Senior Software Services Product Manager at Motorola Solutions in Schaumburg, ILThe median pay of $113k is:Too LowAbout RightToo HighThe range of $97k - $131k is:Too WideAbout RightToo NarrowSubmit FeedbackWe will not display these numbers on the site, but we will use this to refine our estimates. 5 days ago 5d record of delivery of software products in an Agile environment. The Software ProductManager will have responsibility for gathering… The Software Services ProductManager is responsible for capturing voice of customer, business requirements capture, design and…  3.6Senior Engineer, Devices and Combination Products AbbVie – Waukegan, IL 5 days ago 5d medicines in more than 170 countries. The Senior Engineer, Devices and Combination Products, position has global responsibility for… commercialized products. The Senior Engineer is responsible for developing and implementing manufacturing strategy to assure consistent…  3.7Senior Manager, Acquisition Marketing, Small Business Credit Card Discover Financial Services – Riverwoods, IL 6 days ago 6d seeking a SeniorManager to lead acquisition marketing for Small business with internal and external partners - Product/credit teams… roadmaps and models to support product growth Working with credit risk, analytics and finance to manage profitability on an ongoing… Senior Product Manager in Arlington Heights, Cook, IL JobsJob TitleEmployerLocationSalarySenior Product ManagerDevbridge GroupChicago, IL $126k-$168kSenior Product ManagerExpediaChicago, IL $103k-$138kSenior Product ManagerBraintreeChicago, IL $139k-$187kSenior Product ManagerSpotHeroChicago, IL $95k-$129kSenior Technical Product ManagerGlobantChicago, IL $90k-$131kSenior Product ManagerTelnyxChicago, IL $83k-$114kSenior Product ManagerReynolds Consumer ProductsLake Forest, IL $136k-$181kSenior Product ManagerOld World IndustriesNorthbrook, IL $93k-$126kSenior Product ManagerSignalChicago, IL $89k-$128kSenior Manager, Operations AnalyticsDiscover Financial ServicesRiverwoods, IL $131k-$171kSenior Manager, Collection AnalyticsDiscover Financial ServicesRiverwoods, IL $131k-$171kSenior Product ManageriManageChicago, IL $94k-$127kSenior Product Manager - CareGrubhubChicago, IL $120k-$162kSenior Digital Product ManagerGoldman SachsChicago, IL $113k-$160kMobile Channel ManagerBaxter Credit UnionVernon Hills, IL $62k-$105kSenior Product ManagerEgenciaChicago, IL $86k-$117kCounsel, Senior Manager - Employee BenefitsDiscover Financial ServicesRiverwoods, IL $50k-$78kProduct Manager, Financial ServicesRotaryEvanston, IL $74k-$111kSenior Managed Services Manager, Offer ManagementCDWLincolnshire, IL $83k-$132kSenior Manager Data EngineeringCollinwood Technology PartnersChicago, IL $122k-$172kSenior Manager, Digital Platforms/ Marketing Technology SolutionsDiscover Financial ServicesRiverwoods, IL $110k-$170kLead Product Manager, Groupon GoodsGrouponChicago, IL $108k-$150kSenior Manager BI EngineeringCollinwood Technology PartnersChicago, IL $88k-$125kSenior Product ManagerLenovoChicago, IL $98k-$132kProduct Manager, PrincipalZebra TechnologiesChicago, IL $85k-$123kSenior Safety Scientist, Aggregate Reports GPV-USLundbeckDeerfield, IL $91k-$137kSenior Manager, Digital AnalyticsDiscover Financial ServicesRiverwoods, IL $131k-$171kSenior Liability Claim SpecialistIAT Insurance GroupRolling Meadows, IL $50k-$73kSenior Software Services Product ManagerMotorola SolutionsSchaumburg, IL $97k-$131kSenior Engineer, Devices and Combination ProductsAbbVieWaukegan, IL $93k-$125kSenior Manager, Acquisition Marketing, Small Business Credit CardDiscover Financial ServicesRiverwoods, IL Page 1 of 113Previous12345NextEmail AddressCreate AlertPlease check your email to activate the job alert.Goto EmailPeople Also Searchedsenior program manager, product management director, product management, director of product management, sr product manager, senior product marketing manager, senior manager, senior marketing manager, product marketing manager, director product management Top Cities for Senior Product Manager:&nbsp Chicago, Northbrook, Schaumburg, Waukegan, Elk Grove Village, Oak Brook, Deerfield, Downers Grove, Hoffman Estates, Lake Forest Top Companies for senior product manager in Arlington Heights, Cook, IL:&nbsp Devbridge Group, Expedia, Braintree, SpotHero, Globant, Telnyx, Reynolds Consumer Products, Old World Industries, Signal, DiscoverPeople Also Searchedsenior program manager, product management director, product management, director of product management, sr product manager, senior product marketing manager, senior manager, senior marketing manager, product marketing manager, director product management Top Cities for Senior Product Manager:&nbsp Chicago, Northbrook, Schaumburg, Waukegan, Elk Grove Village, Oak Brook, Deerfield, Downers Grove, Hoffman Estates, Lake Forest Top Companies for senior product manager in Arlington Heights, Cook, IL:&nbsp Devbridge Group, Expedia, Braintree, SpotHero, Globant, Telnyx, Reynolds Consumer Products, Old World Industries, Signal, Discover Senior Product Manager Jobs in Arlington Heightsnum of numClose (Esc) Email me jobs for:Your Job Alert was created!Taking you to the job you clicked earlier...Enter companyEnter job titleeditEnter locationEnter your email addressCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailCloseCreate a Job AlertStay on top of newest jobs for this search by email. Cancel anytime.Create AlertCreate AlertCreatingGoto your EmailYour job alert has been created.Create more job alerts for related jobs with one click:CloseGlassdoor Estimated Salary What is this? This is Glassdoor's estimate of the base salary range for this job. It is not necessarily endorsed by the employer and actual compensation may vary based on your experience. How is it calculated? To compute these estimates, we look at job-specific and company-specific attributes from the millions of salaries contributed by the Glassdoor community. There is ongoing community feedback which further refines our calculations. How is this helpful? You, as a job seeker, know what salary range you can expect to get for this job. And you can filter jobs by your desired salary too! 






















  









Privacy Statement - Motorola Solutions Asia Pacific
















skip to content


















mobile toggle























Privacy Statement


























Privacy Statement
Motorola Solutions recognizes privacy and security as being concerns for most individuals accessing the Internet, including our customers. This Statement describes how Motorola Solutions collects, uses and safeguards information you provide when using our web sites in accordance with the relevant legislation for the countries in which such data is being processed. By using our web sites, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Motorola Solutions as set forth in the policy currently in effect. Any changes to this Statement will be posted on our web sites, so please check back periodically to ensure you have the most current Statement.
Motorola Solutions has adopted a set of binding corporate rules ("BCRs"), which
        have been approved by the appropriate Data Protection Regulators in the
        European Union, effective May 2, 2013. For a copy of Motorola Solutions
        BCRs click
          here. The BCRs ensure that personal data of covered individuals in
        the European Union is protected while being processed by any of MSI's
        affiliates around the world. The information commissioner's Binding
        Corporate Rules Authorization is available at the ICO
          UK Website. For more information click
          here.
This Statement of privacy practices discloses the privacy policy for Motorola Solutions' public web sites. It applies to web sites operated by or on behalf of Motorola Solutions, Inc. and its world-wide affiliated companies and subsidiaries.  












Contact Us


 
		

    
		Contact Us
 

 
	






E-mail U.S. Office






E-mail Australia Office






E-mail Singapore Office











 








Highlights
                	
                


Privacy Statement
                        	
                        


Cookies
                        	
                        


Mobile Applications
                        	
                        


Mergers Acquisitions or Sale
                        	
                        


Access Requests
                        	
                        


Contact
                        	
                        
















This Statement applies to the online processing of personal information via web sites operated by Motorola Solutions, Inc. ("Motorola Solutions") and its worldwide affiliated companies and subsidiaries (See About Motorola Solutions).
Highlights of Motorola Solutions' Online Privacy Statement follow immediately below, or read the full text.





 
What personal information is collected?      

We collect personal information you voluntarily choose to provide such as your name, address, email address, phone numbers and/or other categories of personal information, such as payment card information.
Our web server logs may collect additional information, such as the domain names of visitors to our web sites, in order to measure the use of our web sites and to improve content.
We may use cookies to manage areas of our web site and to deliver a better web site experience to our users. You have choices with respect to cookies.



How is my personal information used?

We may use personal information to facilitate order processing; to contact you if a problem arises with your order; to facilitate the employment application process; or for other uses consistent with this Statement.
Except as outlined in this Statement or on our web sites, we do not provide your personal information to third parties without your consent.
We share the information you provide with Motorola Solutions subsidiaries and related companies.
We may also share your personal information with third-party business partners so that they may provide services to Motorola Solutions that are consistent with this Statement and our web sites, or as part of a specific product, service, or promotion.
In addition, we may disclose personal information in special cases, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
 

What choices do I have?

If you do not want to receive e-mail, direct mail or targeted advertisements regarding our products and services, simply tell us when you provide your personal information or by following the directions on our web sites to remove your name from our mailing list(s). Click here to manage your communications preferences.
You have the right to access (review, correct, amend or delete) your personal information by contacting Motorola Solutions.
If you have established a "user profile" on a Motorola Solutions web site, you may change the information you provided by visiting that portion of the web site and resubmitting your information.
 

What about information security?

When you place an order or provide personal information, we employ certain security measures, such as encryption where appropriate.
The personal information you provide may be transmitted, used, stored and otherwise processed outside of the country where you submitted that information, including jurisdictions that may not have data privacy laws that provide equivalent protection to such laws in your home country.
Regardless of where these activities occur, we take appropriate steps to ensure that your information is treated securely.
 

What about my child's privacy?

Our web sites are intended for use only by persons over the age of 13 or as required by local law. Persons under the age of 13 should not submit personal information to Motorola Solutions.



How do I contact Motorola Solutions?

Please direct any questions concerning Motorola Solutions' privacy practices to privacy1@motorolasolutions.com. Requests to unsubscribe from ("opt-out" of) communications from Motorola Solutions can be managed here. Or, mail your inquiry/request to:

Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Attention: Privacy Compliance Program
P.O. Box 59263
Schaumburg, IL U.SA. 60159-0263
Email: privacy1@motorolasolutions.com


Privacy Officer
Motorola Solutions Australia Pty Ltd
Tally Ho Business Park
10 Wesley Court
East Burwood
Melbourne, VIC 3151, Australia
Email: privacyanz@motorolasolutions.com


Data Protection Officer
Motorola Solutions Singapore Pte Ltd
80 Pasir Panjang Road #18-81 
Mapletree Business City II 
Singapore 117372 
Email: rishi.chandiok@motorolasolutions.com 



 
 




 










Jump to ...

Data Collected
						

Mobile Applications
						

Third Party Websites
						

Cookies
						

Use of Personal Data
						

Sharing of Personal Data
						

Mergers or Acquisitions or Sale
						

Your Choices
						

Information Security
						

Children's Privacy
						







Data Collected

What personal information is collected?

Product and Services
When a visitor places an order with us, Motorola Solutions may collect personal information about you, including name, title, company, address, email address, phone numbers and, in rare instances, other categories of personal information, such as payment card information, driver's license numbers, social security numbers (or equivalent national identification numbers) and date of birth.

Specific Product Privacy Practices
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Motorola Solutions products and services that you may use:
WAVE Privacy Notice



Marketing
We may ask you for and collect personal information at other times, including when you enter a sweepstakes or contest; participate in a promotion or marketing campaign sponsored by Motorola Solutions or one of its business partners; when you want to find out about service offered in your area; when you complete surveys or other questionnaires; when you participate in a user forum or blog hosted by Motorola Solutions or one of its business partners; when you send an email to Motorola Solutions.

Recruitment
We will collect personal information when you express interest in employment with Motorola Solutions. Data that may be collected by Motorola Solutions or one of its business partners includes, but is not limited to, names, contact information, CV or resume, date of birth, compensation information, race and ethnic origin.

Other Information Collection
We may also collect personal information when you engage in other activities on the sites. Our web server logs collect the domain names of visitors to our web sites. This information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on a Motorola Solutions web site, pages viewed and web site usage information. We use this information to measure the use of our sites and to improve the content of our sites. Aggregated information is not used in such a form that would enable direct connection of any personal information to our visitors.

In some cases, Motorola Solutions, as part of its business relationship with a retail business or other business or government customer, may be asked to receive, gather, store, or analyze information about the users, consumers or potential consumers of that business or government organization. In such cases, the business or government organization will be responsible for determining how the information will be used and for providing notice and taking any other legal steps with regard to the collection and use of such information.  

Information for Business Partners
If you represent a Motorola Solutions business partner, you may visit Motorola Solutions' sites intended specifically for business partners. We may use information provided on that site to administer and develop our business relationship with you, the business partner you represent, and business partners generally. For instance, this may involve using your information to send you details of business partner programs, including product offerings or special opportunities. It may also include sharing certain information with other business partners (subject to any confidentiality obligations that may exist), or Motorola Solutions' customers or prospects. In connection with a particular transaction or program, we may also contact you as part of customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.

Information for Suppliers
If you represent a Motorola Solutions' supplier, you may visit Motorola Solutions' Web sites intended specifically for use by Motorola Solutions' suppliers. We may use the information provided on that site in connection with entering into or performing purchases, contracts, or other transactions with you or related business partners (such as customers). For example, this may include sharing information with other parts of Motorola Solutions, Motorola Solutions' business partners, customers, shipping companies, financial institutions and postal or government authorities involved in fulfillment. It may also be used to administer and develop our relationship with you, the supplier you represent, and other Motorola Solutions' suppliers generally.





Mobile Applications

Mobile Applications and Use of Information in the Social Computing Environment
Motorola Solutions also provides social computing tools on some of its Web sites to enable online sharing and collaboration among members who have registered to use them. These include forums, wikis, blogs and other social media platforms.
When registering to use these social computing tools, you may be asked to provide certain personal information. Registration information will be subject to and protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Any other content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any other type of personal information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms may be made broadly available to others inside and outside Motorola Solutions.





Third Party Websites

Who is collecting the information?

When you are on a Motorola Solutions site and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Motorola Solutions, Inc., its subsidiaries and related companies. Additionally, if you purchase a product or other device requiring service, your personal information may be collected by a third party company working with Motorola Solutions. Motorola Solutions may also contract with third party companies to perform services for Motorola Solutions on its web site that require these companies to collect personal information (e.g. hosting a web site sweepstakes, promotion or survey, or selling software downloads, online job application).

In addition, Motorola Solutions' web sites may be operated by third parties, or may allow third party vendors to provide products and services directly to Motorola Solutions customers. Such relationships are designated with a "Provided By" or "Powered By" company legend or logo, or other similarly worded designation. If you desire to purchase a product or service from such third party, your personal information will be collected by the third-party company, and shared with Motorola Solutions. You may review the privacy practices of the third party either by clicking the link on the bottom of the page, or by clicking on the "Provided by Company" logo, which will take you to their web site. Additionally, when you purchase or download software applications from Motorola Solutions or a third-party, your personal information is shared with the software developer/licensor in order to register you as a licensed software user, and to permit them to provide you any required support. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain developer or software company, you may contact them directly or visit their individual web sites. The Motorola Solutions web site may also contain various links to third-party web sites. These sites may provide additional information, goods, services and/or promotions. These sites are owned and operated independently of Motorola Solutions, and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any information you provide to these web sites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. Motorola Solutions has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the independent actions or policies of these independent sites, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.





Cookies

What about cookies?

When you enter our site, our server may attach a small text file to your hard drive called a cookie.   A "cookie" is a text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you visit a website.  These cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie.  Cookies help Motorola Solutions deliver a better web site experience to our users. Please refer to allaboutcookies.org website for more information about cookies.

We may also use cookies to measure traffic patterns, and which areas of the Motorola Solutions site you have visited, and your visiting patterns. This information collected by using a cookie is sometimes called "clickstream." We use this information to understand how our users navigate our site, and to determine common traffic patterns, including what site the user came from. We use this information to make site navigation and product recommendations, and to help redesign our site in order to make your experience on our site more efficient and enjoyable.

We may also use this information to better personalize the content, banner ads, and promotions that you and other users will see. This helps Motorola Solutions deliver you the content you want when you want it, in order for you to make better purchasing decisions. Motorola Solutions uses third parties to track user clickstreams. These third party companies use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g., in some jurisdictions, IP address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest or relevance to you.

You have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your Internet browser preferences, you have the ability to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. Please note that, if you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use those services or engage in activities that require the placement of cookies.







Use of Personal Data

How is my personal information used?

Motorola Solutions' primary goal in collecting personal information is to facilitate order processing, to communicate regarding business matters, to enable us to contact you if a problem arises with your order, or if there is some other need to reach you. Additionally, if you purchase a product or other device requiring service, your personal information may be used to obtain a credit report if necessary. Such information is required to complete a purchase transaction. This information may also be used to provide you with a customized experience on our site, which includes interactive communications and other services. The Motorola Solutions site may also contain optional registration, surveys and questionnaires asking for information, as well as several opportunities for visitors to ask questions. We use the information you provide to help us design and build better products, to customize your shopping experience, to work better with you as a business partner, and to provide advice and purchase recommendations. Taking part in any of these segments is always optional and voluntary.

We also use the information we collect to help target valuable marketing and advertising offers. This kind of advertising may be done with banner ads as well as promotional emails sent by Motorola Solutions, or by third parties under contract with Motorola Solutions. Motorola Solutions may also match user information with third party data to help us better understand our customers.

Motorola Solutions also conducts research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us when making a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis so as to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual. Motorola Solutions may share this aggregated data with our business partners.





Sharing of Personal Data

With whom does Motorola Solutions share my personal information?

Except as outlined in this Statement or on our web sites, Motorola Solutions does not provide your personal information to third parties without your consent. Please note that, in special cases, we may need to share information without acquiring consent, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our sites' Terms of Use or may be violating Motorola Solutions' or other's rights or causing injury to or interference with Motorola Solutions' or others' property.

In addition, Motorola Solutions shares the information you provide with Motorola Solutions subsidiaries and related companies. If you or your company purchase a product or other device requiring service, your personal information is shared with the relevant service provider. Additionally, if you express an interest in a product requiring a particular type of service, Motorola Solutions may share your personal information with your local service provider in order to determine whether such service is available in your area.

Motorola Solutions may share your personal information with third-party business partners so that they may provide services to Motorola Solutions that are consistent with the terms of this Privacy Statement, and this web site (e.g. database management, sending targeted emails, software sales, and conducting sweepstakes and other promotions on behalf of Motorola Solutions). Motorola Solutions takes great pride in utilizing only reputable business partners. Motorola Solutions may also, on occasion, provide personal information to third-party businesses as part of a specific product, service, or promotion.

Motorola Solutions shares web site usage information about visitors to our web sites, who have received a targeted promotional campaign, with reputable third-party advertising companies for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our third-party advertising companies note some of the pages you visit on our web sites through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). The information collected by our third-party advertising companies through the use of these pixel tags is not personally identifiable.





Mergers or Acquisitions or Sale

We may sell or buy other businesses or entities. In such event, we may transfer or assign the information we have collected as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control to another company. In such transactions, your personal Information may be included in the transferred business assets. Such company will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. You agree that we can accordingly assign, sell, license or transfer any personal information that you have provided to us to those third parties directly involved in the transfer or disposition of such assets.
Also, in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy or insolvency, your personal information may be included in the transferred assets to third parties.





Your Choices

What choices do I have regarding collection, use and distribution of my personal information?

Motorola Solutions or its business partners may, from time to time, send you email or direct mail regarding our products and services. If you do not want to receive such information, simply tell us when you give us your personal information, or follow the directions contained on the mailing to remove your name from our mailing list(s). Click here to manage your communications preferences.

On certain types of Motorola Solutions promotions, we will ask for your email address in order to contact you in the event you have won a prize. When you participate in these types of promotions, you may receive promotion-related email. Occasionally these promotion-related email messages may include targeted advertisements. If you do not wish to receive such advertisements, you can choose not to participate in such promotions or contests.

Please note that by refusing to provide personal information or by denying or withdrawing consent to use personal information for purposes identified, you or your company may be unable to participate in certain programs or activities sponsored by Motorola Solutions.

You also have the right to access (review, correct, amend or delete) your personal information by contacting Motorola Solutions. Individuals are responsible for providing Motorola Solutions with accurate and complete personal information, and for contacting Motorola Solutions if correction of such information is required. Please note that, where permitted, we may charge a nominal fee for fulfilling access requests and that we reserve the right to disallow unreasonable requests for access.

If you have established a "user profile" on a Motorola Solutions web site, you may change the information you provided by visiting that portion of the web site and resubmitting your information.

Please direct any questions concerning Motorola Solutions' privacy practices to privacy1@motorolasolutions.com. Requests to unsubscribe from ("opt-out" of) communications from Motorola Solutions can be managed here. Inquiries or requests may be mailed to:

Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Attention: Privacy Compliance Program
P.O. Box 59263
Schaumburg, IL U.SA. 60159-0263
Email: privacy1@motorolasolutions.com
Privacy Officer
Motorola Solutions Australia Pty Ltd
Tally Ho Business Park
10 Wesley Court
East Burwood
Melbourne, VIC 3151, Australia
Email: privacyanz@motorolasolutions.com
Data Protection Officer
Motorola Solutions Singapore Pte Ltd
80 Pasir Panjang Road #18-81
Mapletree Business City II
Singapore 117372
Email: rishi.chandiok@motorolasolutions.com






Information Security

What about information security?

When you place an order or provide personal information, we employ certain technical and organization security measures, such as encryption where appropriate. Encryption scrambles the information in your purchase, including your credit card number, so this information can only be viewed by Motorola Solutions. Motorola Solutions currently uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology, where appropriate, for Internet-based transactions.

However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your personal information, Motorola Solutions cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of any information you provide to us or from our Web site, and therefore you use our site at your own risk.

As a global company Motorola Solutions has international sites and users all over the world. The personal information you provide may be transmitted, used, stored and otherwise processed outside of the country where you submitted that information, including jurisdictions that may not have data privacy laws that provide equivalent protection to such laws in your home country. Whenever Motorola Solutions handles personal information, regardless of where this occurs, we take appropriate steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with the relevant Terms of Use, this Privacy Statement and all applicable laws and regulations.





Children's Privacy

What about my child's privacy?

Web sites operated by or on behalf of Motorola Solutions, Inc. and its world-wide affiliated companies and subsidiaries are intended for use by persons age 13 and over or as required by local law. Motorola Solutions does not seek to collect information about children under the age of 13. No information should be submitted to or posted on Motorola Solutions' web sites by users under 13 years of age. If a child under the age of 13 submits personal information to Motorola Solutions' web sites, we delete the information as soon as we discover it was provided by a child under 13 years of age and do not use it for any purpose. Motorola Solutions encourages parents to take an active role in their children's use of the Internet, and to inform them of the potential dangers of providing information about themselves over the Internet.





This Privacy Statement is subject to change without notice.  The last content update was made on May 23, 2017.
















WHAT ABOUT COOKIES?


When you enter our site, our server may attach a small text file to your hard drive called a cookie.   A "cookie" is a text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to your device when you visit a website.  These cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie.  Cookies help Motorola Solutions deliver a better web site experience to our users. Please refer to allaboutcookies.org website for more information about cookies. 

We may also use cookies to measure traffic patterns, and which areas of the Motorola Solutions site you have visited, and your visiting patterns. This information collected by using a cookie is sometimes called "clickstream." We use this information to understand how our users navigate our site, and to determine common traffic patterns, including what site the user came from. We use this information to make site navigation and product recommendations, and to help redesign our site in order to make your experience on our site more efficient and enjoyable.
 
We may also use this information to better personalize the content, banner ads, and promotions that you and other users will see. This helps Motorola Solutions deliver you the content you want when you want it, in order for you to make better purchasing decisions. Motorola Solutions uses third parties to track user clickstreams. These third party companies use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g., in some jurisdictions, IP address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest or relevance to you. 

You have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your Internet browser preferences, you have the ability to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. Please note that, if you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use those services or engage in activities that require the placement of cookies.

						             
							
								
							
							
						
						   
					















Mobile Applications and Use of Information in the Social Computing Environment


Motorola Solutions also provides social computing tools on some of its Web sites to enable online sharing and collaboration among members who have registered to use them. These include forums, wikis, blogs and other social media platforms.
When registering to use these social computing tools, you may be asked to provide certain personal information. Registration information will be subject to and protected in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

  Any other content you post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any other type of personal information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms may be made broadly available to others inside and outside Motorola Solutions.
















Mergers, Acquisitions, or Sale


We may sell or buy other businesses or entities. In such event, we may   transfer or assign the information we have collected as part of such   merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control to another   company. In such transactions, your personal Information may be included   in the transferred business assets. Such company will assume the rights   and obligations regarding your personal Information as described in   this Privacy Policy. You agree that we can accordingly assign, sell,   license or transfer any personal information that you have provided to   us to those third parties directly involved in the transfer or   disposition of such assets. 

  Also, in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy or insolvency, your   personal information may be included in the transferred assets to third parties.
  
















What choices do I have regarding collection, use and distribution of my personal information?


 Motorola Solutions or its business partners may, from time to   time, send   you email or direct mail regarding our products and   services. If you do   not want to receive such information, simply tell   us when you give us   your personal information, or follow the   directions contained on the   mailing to remove your name from our   mailing list(s). Click here to   manage your communications preferences.

          On certain types of Motorola Solutions promotions, we will ask for your     email address in order to contact you in the event you have won a   prize.   When you participate in these types of promotions, you may   receive   promotion-related email. Occasionally these promotion-related   email   messages may include targeted advertisements. If you do not wish   to   receive such advertisements, you can choose not to participate in   such   promotions or contests.

          Please note that by refusing to provide personal information or by     denying or withdrawing consent to use personal information for purposes     identified, you or your company may be unable to participate in   certain   programs or activities sponsored by Motorola Solutions.

          You also have the right to access (review, correct, amend or delete)     your personal information by contacting Motorola Solutions. Individuals     are responsible for providing Motorola Solutions with accurate and     complete personal information, and for contacting Motorola Solutions if     correction of such information is required. Please note that, where     permitted, we may charge a nominal fee for fulfilling access requests     and that we reserve the right to disallow unreasonable requests for     access.

          If you have established a "user profile" on a Motorola Solutions web     site, you may change the information you provided by visiting that     portion of the web site and resubmitting your information.

          Please direct any questions concerning Motorola Solutions' privacy   practices to privacy1@motorolasolutions.com. Requests to unsubscribe   from ("opt-out" of) communications from Motorola Solutions can be   managed here. Inquiries or requests may be mailed to:

  Motorola Solutions, Inc.
  Attention: Privacy Compliance Program
  P.O. Box 59263
Schaumburg, IL U.SA. 60159-0263
Email: 
privacy1@motorolasolutions.com
Privacy Officer
Motorola Solutions Australia Pty Ltd
Tally Ho Business Park
10 Wesley Court
East Burwood
Melbourne, VIC 3151, Australia
Email: privacyanz@motorolasolutions.com
Data Protection Officer
      Motorola Solutions Singapore Pte Ltd
      80 Pasir Panjang Road #18-81 
      Mapletree Business City II 
      Singapore 117372 
      Email: rishi.chandiok@motorolasolutions.com 
















How do I contact Motorola Solutions?


 Please direct any questions concerning Motorola Solutions' privacy
      practices to privacy1@motorolasolutions.com.
      Requests to unsubscribe from ("opt-out" of) communications from Motorola
      Solutions can be managed here.
      Or, mail your inquiry/request to:
      
      Motorola Solutions, Inc.
      Attention: Privacy Compliance Program
      P.O. Box 59263
      Schaumburg, IL U.SA. 60159-0263
      Email: privacy1@motorolasolutions.com
Privacy Officer
      Motorola Solutions Australia Pty Ltd
      Tally Ho Business Park
      10 Wesley Court
      East Burwood
      Melbourne, VIC 3151, Australia
      Email: privacyanz@motorolasolutions.com
Data Protection Officer
      Motorola Solutions Singapore Pte Ltd
      80 Pasir Panjang Road #18-81 
      Mapletree Business City II 
      Singapore 117372 
      Email: rishi.chandiok@motorolasolutions.com 




































Privacy
Terms of Use
Site map
Video Library
Feedback


ASIA PACIFIC

















 




 