Nortech Systems Incorporated: NASDAQ:NSYS quotes & news - Google FinanceMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreDocsBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceNortech Systems Incorporated(NASDAQ:NSYS)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Nortech Systems Incorporated  (Public, NASDAQ:NSYS)  
Watch this stock
 




















3.70


0.00
(0.00%)





Real-time:
 

10:55AM EDT



NASDAQ
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

3.69 - 3.69



52 week

3.13 - 5.52



Open

3.69



Vol / Avg.

46.00/4,628.00



Mkt cap

10.17M



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-0.01



Shares

2.75M



Beta

0.37



Inst. own

4%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Nortech Systems Incorporated »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add NSYS to my calendars





Aug 3, 2017
Q2 2017 Nortech Systems Inc Earnings Release (Estimated)
- 4:00PM EDT -






May 12, 2017
Q1 2017 Nortech Systems Inc Earnings Call



May 11, 2017
Q1 2017 Nortech Systems Inc Earnings Release





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-0.05%
0.04%

Operating margin
0.43%
0.54%

EBITD margin
-
2.51%

Return on average assets
-0.11%
0.08%

Return on average equity
-0.27%
0.20%

Employees
673
-

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
7550 Meridian Cir N Ste 150MAPLE GROVE, MN 55369-4932United States
- Map+1-952-3452244 (Phone)+1-952-4490442 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.nortechsys.com/



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Technology > Industry: Semiconductors - NEC

More from FactSet »










Description




Nortech Systems Incorporated is an electronic manufacturing services (EMS) company. The Company offers a range of value-added engineering, technical and manufacturing services and support, including project management, design, testing, prototyping, manufacturing, supply chain management and post-market services. The Company's segment is Contract Manufacturing. The Company's manufacturing and engineering services include medical devices, printed circuit board assemblies, wire and cable assemblies, and electromechanical assemblies. The Company's manufacturing facilities are located at Bemidji, Blue Earth, Merrifield, Eden Prairie, Milaca and Mankato in Minnesota; Augusta in Wisconsin; Monterrey in Mexico, and Suzhou in China. The Company serves approximately three markets within the EMS industry, such as Aerospace and Defense, Medical/Life Sciences and the Industrial market, which includes industrial equipment, transportation, vision, agriculture, oil and gas.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





David B. Kunin

Chairman of the Board





Age: 55

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Richard G. Wasielewski

Chief Executive Officer, Director





Age: 63

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Matthew Mahmood

Chief Operating Officer





Age: 47

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Curtis J. Steichen

Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing and Sales Officer





Age: 58

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters
Trading Activity - Yahoo Finance

Kathleen P. Iverson

Director





Age: 59

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Kenneth D Larson

Independent Director





Age: 74

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Richard W. Perkins Sr

Independent Director





Age: 84

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service




I-Connect007 :: Article






















































Username:



Password:



  Remember me



Lost your password?


                    Not a member? Register here


Resend confirmation instructions



 



 



Log In
                          | 
                        Register


Close


 

 
 






Toggle navigation









PCB007


SMT007


PCBDesign007


EIN007


FLEX007


MilAero007











































Toggle navigation






 PREVIOUS PAGE










RTWNewsBooksSMT MagazineArticlesColumnsEventsLinks









Nortech Systems Reports Q1 Results
May 7, 2015 |  Nortech Systems





Related Video Included
  Reading time  ( words)

Nortech Systems Incorporated NSYS, +0.61% today reported net sales of $26.5 million for the first quarter ended March 31, 2015, compared with $26.1 million in the first quarter of 2014.
“We’re pleased our quarterly sales increased 1.5 percent year over year despite continued macroeconomic challenges impacting some of our larger global customers,” said Rich Wasielewski, Nortech Systems’ president and CEO. “Our largest market – industrial – showed strong revenue growth, increasing 17 percent.” Nortech’s business development teams have embraced the ‘One Nortech’ cross-selling approach, evidenced by recent contract wins for higher-level assemblies integrating Nortech’s full capabilities and engineering support. The company’s 90-day backlog rose six percent since Dec. 31, 2014.
Nortech reported an operating loss of $202,000 for the first quarter of 2015, compared with operating income of $236,000 for the same period in 2014. The net loss for the first quarter of 2015 was $193,000, or $0.07 per diluted common share; this compares with net income of $86,000, or $0.03 per diluted common share, for the first quarter of 2014.
“After finishing 2014 strong, our first-quarter profitability was impacted by a number of factors,” noted Wasielewski. “These included our product mix, ramp-up costs for new programs and global economic conditions.” He continued, “We’re adjusting our cost structure to better match our short-term demand and business conditions, which we see continuing into the second quarter. We remain committed to business development spending that stimulates top-line growth and strategic initiatives that strengthen Nortech.”
These initiatives include adding printed circuit board assembly capabilities to Nortech’s Mexico facility and expanding into Asia to capitalize on opportunities for business development and material sourcing.
“We expect to start realizing the benefits of these initiatives and activities in the second half of 2015,” he explained.
As evidence of Nortech’s commitment to customer satisfaction, the company recently received a prestigious 2015 supplier excellence award from its largest medical customer. “All our employees should take pride in this major accomplishment, which illustrates their dedication to delivering on our service promise: we thrive on helping our customers succeed,” concluded Wasielewski.
About Nortech Systems Incorporated
Nortech Systems Incorporated (www.nortechsys.com), based in Wayzata, Minn., is a full-service electronics manufacturing services (EMS) provider of wire and cable assemblies, printed circuit board assemblies, and higher-level complete box build assemblies for a wide range of industries. Markets served include industrial equipment, aerospace/defense and medical. The company has manufacturing capabilities in the U.S. and Latin America. Nortech Systems Incorporated is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol NSYS.


 Share
			

 Print 















 



RTWNewsBooksArticlesColumnsEventsLinks 

















 


×
Printer Version











					 Nortech Systems Reports Q1 Results					 
 
Nortech Systems Incorporated NSYS, +0.61% today reported net sales of $26.5 million for the first quarter ended March 31, 2015, compared with $26.1 million in the first quarter of 2014.
“We’re pleased our quarterly sales increased 1.5 percent year over year despite continued macroeconomic challenges impacting some of our larger global customers,” said Rich Wasielewski, Nortech Systems’ president and CEO. “Our largest market – industrial – showed strong revenue growth, increasing 17 percent.” Nortech’s business development teams have embraced the ‘One Nortech’ cross-selling approach, evidenced by recent contract wins for higher-level assemblies integrating Nortech’s full capabilities and engineering support. The company’s 90-day backlog rose six percent since Dec. 31, 2014.
Nortech reported an operating loss of $202,000 for the first quarter of 2015, compared with operating income of $236,000 for the same period in 2014. The net loss for the first quarter of 2015 was $193,000, or $0.07 per diluted common share; this compares with net income of $86,000, or $0.03 per diluted common share, for the first quarter of 2014.
“After finishing 2014 strong, our first-quarter profitability was impacted by a number of factors,” noted Wasielewski. “These included our product mix, ramp-up costs for new programs and global economic conditions.” He continued, “We’re adjusting our cost structure to better match our short-term demand and business conditions, which we see continuing into the second quarter. We remain committed to business development spending that stimulates top-line growth and strategic initiatives that strengthen Nortech.”
These initiatives include adding printed circuit board assembly capabilities to Nortech’s Mexico facility and expanding into Asia to capitalize on opportunities for business development and material sourcing.
“We expect to start realizing the benefits of these initiatives and activities in the second half of 2015,” he explained.
As evidence of Nortech’s commitment to customer satisfaction, the company recently received a prestigious 2015 supplier excellence award from its largest medical customer. “All our employees should take pride in this major accomplishment, which illustrates their dedication to delivering on our service promise: we thrive on helping our customers succeed,” concluded Wasielewski.
About Nortech Systems Incorporated 
Nortech Systems Incorporated (www.nortechsys.com), based in Wayzata, Minn., is a full-service electronics manufacturing services (EMS) provider of wire and cable assemblies, printed circuit board assemblies, and higher-level complete box build assemblies for a wide range of industries. Markets served include industrial equipment, aerospace/defense and medical. The company has manufacturing capabilities in the U.S. and Latin America. Nortech Systems Incorporated is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol NSYS. 
















Subscriptions  |  Magazines  |  Editorial Calendar  |  Press Release Tips  |  RealTime with | RSS |
 China007











Copyright © 2017 I-Connect007. All rights reserved.



 
 










RTWNewsBooksSMT MagazineArticlesColumnsEventsLinks Close Menu




























Nortech Systems Inc (NSYS.O)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Nortech Systems Inc (NSYS.O)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySemiconductors












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				NSYS.O on Consolidated Issue listed on NASDAQ Capital Market


				3.61USD
1 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.00


					            (+0.00%)
					        






Prev Close

$3.61


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

46


Avg. Vol

10,076




52-wk High

$5.52


52-wk Low

$3.13











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							David Kunin

55
2015

                                Chairman of the Board




							Richard Wasielewski

63
2014

                                Chief Executive Officer, Director




							Matthew Mahmood

47
2017

                                Chief Operating Officer




							Curtis Steichen

58
2012

                                Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing and Sales Officer




							Kathleen Iverson

59
2015

                                Director




							Kenneth Larson

74
2002

                                Independent Director




							Richard Perkins

84
1993

                                Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							David Kunin


					
							Mr. David B. Kunin is Chairman of the Board of the company. He presently is the chief executive officer of Beautopia LLC, a beauty products manufacturing business. From 1997 until October 2011 he served as a director of Regis Corporation, the world’s largest owner and franchisor of hair salons. He spent ten years in sales and senior management positions for computer companies, contract manufacturing and printed circuit board fabrication. He serves as president of a family holding company, Curtis Squire, Inc., the owner of 49% of the Company’s outstanding common stock. Mr. Kunin has been a director of the Company since May 2014. Mr. Kunin brings to our Board his experience in the contract manufacturing and printed circuit board businesses as well as his experience as a director of a publicly owned company.




							Richard Wasielewski


					
							Mr. Richard G. Wasielewski is a Chief Executive Officer, Director of Nortech Systems Incorporated., effective January 1, 2014. Mr. Wasielewski was senior vice president and chief financial officer of the Company from April 2004, when he joined the Company, until February 13, 2013, when he was appointed to the additional position of president and chief operating officer. He was appointed chief executive officer and a director of the Company effective January 1, 2014.




							Matthew Mahmood


					
							Mr. Matthew Mahmood is Chief Operating Officer of the company. He brings Nortech over 20 years of management experience in manufacturing, technology and finance, with proven expertise creating and growing companies to maximize productivity, profitability, customer relations and shareholder value. He joins Nortech from Marabek LLC in Minneapolis, Minn., an advisory, acquisitions and holding company with a global reach; he was managing director.




							Curtis Steichen


					
							Mr. Curtis J. Steichen is the Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing and Sales Officer of Nortech Systems Inc. Mr. Steichen has been Chief Marketing and Sales Officer since January 2012. He has held senior marketing and operational positions with the Company since May 2005




							Kathleen Iverson


					
							Ms. Kathleen P. Iverson is an Director of Nortech Systems Incorporated. Since October 2014. Ms. Iverson is currently the CEO (consulting) of Black Hills IP, a provider of IP, paralegal and trademark services since October of 2014. Ms. Iverson currently serves on the Board of Directors of MOCON Inc., which develops, manufactures and markets measurement, analytical and monitoring product for the barrier packaging, food and pharmaceutical markets. She previously served as a Director of Speed Commerce, Inc., a provider of end to end e-commerce services from 2008 until 2014. Ms. Iverson served as President and CEO of CyberOptics Corporation, a designer and manufacturer of optical process control sensors and measurement inspection systems used in the electronic assembly and semiconductor industries, from January 2003 until her retirement in January 2014. Ms. Iverson held a variety of positions with CyberOptics beginning in 1998; she was a Director from May 1998 through January 2014, and she was Chairman of the Board from August 2009 through January 2014. Ms. Iverson brings to our Board her experience and knowledge from her executive and board positions and strong experience in the electronics manufacturing industry. Ms. Iverson has been a director of the Company since March 2015. She was recommended by the CEO.




							Kenneth Larson


					
							Mr. Kenneth D. Larson is an Independent Director of Nortech Systems Incorporated. Mr. Larson is currently the chief executive officer of Classic Space and was chairman of the board for Restaurant Technologies, Inc., an installer of automated cooking oil systems for the fast food restaurant industry, from 1999 until the company was sold in June 2011. Mr. Larson was president and chief operating officer of Polaris Industries, a leader in sales and service to the ATV and snowmobile industries, from 1988 to 1998. Mr. Larson has gained firsthand experience in corporate financial performance and all aspects of manufacturing within multidivisional operations. He has been a director of the Company since 2002. He served on the board of Feather Lite, Inc. a publicly held company until it was acquired in 2006. Mr. Larson brings to our Board his experience and knowledge from both his past executive positions and strong manufacturing background.




							Richard Perkins


					
							Mr. Richard W. Perkins is an Independent Director of Nortech Systems Incorporated. Mr. Perkins has served since 1985 as president, chief executive officer and a director of Perkins Capital Management, Inc., a registered investment advisor. He has been a director of the Company since 1993 and is the chairman of the Audit Committee. Mr. Perkins serves as a director for several privately held companies. At certain times during the past five years he has served as a director for CNS, Inc., PW Eagle, Inc., Lifecore Biomedical, Inc., Teledigital, Inc., Vital Images, Synovis Life Technologies, Inc., and Two Way TV (US), Inc. With his varied experiences as a director and investment manager working in the financial markets, Mr. Perkins has gained firsthand knowledge and experience in audit and internal controls over financial reporting and related matters dealing with shareholders and governance issues.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							David Kunin

--




							Richard Wasielewski

304,523




							Matthew Mahmood

--




							Curtis Steichen

262,870




							Kathleen Iverson

--




							Kenneth Larson

--




							Richard Perkins

263,107



As Of 
30 Dec 2014





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							David Kunin

0
0




							Richard Wasielewski

0
0




							Matthew Mahmood

0
0




							Curtis Steichen

0
0




							Kathleen Iverson

0
0




							Kenneth Larson

0
0




							Richard Perkins

0
0









					Insider Trading












Name
Shares Traded
Price


Larson Kenneth D
2,000
$3.56


Kunin (David B)
5,000
$3.96


Murray (William V)
500
$3.87


Kunin (David B)
11,333
$3.78


Kunin (David B)
1,067
$3.75


Wasielewski (Richard G)
975
$3.75


Wasielewski (Richard G)
2,000
$3.70


Kunin (David B)
12,500
$4.00


Wasielewski (Richard G)
1,000
$4.15


Wasielewski (Richard G)
600
$4.08


Wasielewski (Richard G)
400
$4.08


Larson Kenneth D
500
$4.00


Larson Kenneth D
500
$3.95


Graff Paula M
216
$4.12


Wasielewski (Richard G)
4,998
$4.20


Wasielewski (Richard G)
2
$4.25


Graff Paula M
394
$4.19


Graff Paula M
1,725
$4.08




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySemiconductors




















 



Nortech Systems Acquires Devicix | Business Wire
























































      Nortech Systems Acquires Devicix
    



Acquisition Combines Medical Device Design with Full-Service 
      Electro-Mechanical Manufacturing Resources






June 17, 2015 01:09 PM Eastern Daylight Time



WAYZATA, Minn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nortech Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:NSYS) today announced it has 
      reached an agreement to acquire Devicix, LLC of Eden Prairie, Minn. 
      Devicix is an innovative medical product design and engineering firm 
      with a proven track record of helping clients move from concept to 
      production. The addition of Devicix will enhance and broaden Nortech’s 
      capabilities for complete design, manufacturing and service, 
      particularly for regulated medical devices.
    


      “Adding Devicix’s extensive technical capabilities will support our 
      current medical device customers and help attract new ones,” said Rich 
      Wasielewski, president and CEO of Nortech Systems. “Our medical sales 
      have posted the strongest growth of any of our markets recently, and 
      acquiring Devicix will enable us to better capitalize on and accelerate 
      future growth opportunities.” Added Wasielewski, “This partnership is 
      really a win-win for both companies and our customers.”
    

      The privately owned Devicix was founded in 2004 by Peter DeLange, who is 
      currently the CEO. As a medical product realization firm, Devicix offers 
      a unique ability to shepherd a design from concept through FDA and 
      regulatory approvals. Services offered include concept design, 
      prototyping, full product design and development, regulatory consulting, 
      verification and validation, testing and commercialization. The firm has 
      facilitated a number of successes for its clients, which range from 
      local startups to global medical device makers, and has also developed 
      proprietary technology to enhance customer projects, including its 
      mobile technology (mHealth) platform. “I am very excited about the 
      opportunity that the combination of Devicix and Nortech brings to the 
      customer as a total engineering and manufacturing solution,” said 
      DeLange. DeLange added, “We will be expanding our services to each 
      company’s customer base as we leverage our complementary strengths.”
    

      Nortech matches these activities by offering 
      design-for-manufacturability expertise and providing complete 
      electro-mechanical manufacturing services including wire/cable 
      assemblies, printed circuit board assemblies and integration assembly 
      for medical device, aerospace, defense, industrial and commercial 
      applications. With the addition of Devicix, a medical device client can 
      now work with Nortech Systems to help design, validate, manufacture, and 
      service their medical devices within one low-risk ISO 9001/ISO 13485 
      turnkey partner.
    

      Nortech will maintain Devicix’s current location in Eden Prairie along 
      with over 30 full-time employees, including experienced professionals in 
      mechanical, electrical, software, biomedical and industrial engineering.
    

About Nortech Systems IncorporatedNortech 
      Systems Incorporated (www.nortechsys.com), 
      based in Wayzata, Minn., is a full-service electronics manufacturing 
      services (EMS) provider of wire and cable assemblies, printed circuit 
      board assemblies, and higher-level complete box build assemblies for a 
      wide range of industries. Markets served include industrial equipment, 
      aerospace/defense and medical. The company has manufacturing 
      capabilities in the U.S. and Latin America. Nortech Systems Incorporated 
      is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol NSYS.
    

About Devicix, LLCDevicix, a 
      privately held company based in Eden Prairie, Minn., is an ISO 13485 and 
      14971-certified, multi-disciplinary engineering firm that delivers 
      innovative design solutions and comprehensive product development 
      services exclusively to the medical device industry. With experienced 
      professionals in Mechanical, Electrical, Software, Biomedical, and 
      Industrial Engineering, Devicix is able to provide design excellence 
      that meets the needs of its clients. Devicix creates Class I, II and III 
      medical devices in numerous and various medical specialties including 
      point-of-care diagnostic instruments, therapeutic devices, implantable 
      devices and monitoring equipment.
    

Forward-Looking StatementsThis press 
      release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe 
      harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
      1995. While this release is based on management’s best judgment and 
      current expectations, actual results may differ and involve a number of 
      risks and uncertainties. Important factors that could cause actual 
      results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements 
      include, without limitation: volatility in market conditions which may 
      affect market supply of and demand for the company’s products; increased 
      competition; changes in the reliability and efficiency of operating 
      facilities or those of third parties; risks related to availability of 
      labor; commodity and energy cost instability; general economic, 
      financial and business conditions that could affect the company’s 
      financial condition and results of operations; as well as risk factors 
      listed from time to time in the company’s filings with the SEC.
    


Contacts

      For Nortech Systems Incorporated:Warren Djerf, 952-920-3908Brookside 
      Communication Groupwarren@brookcomm.net














Release Summary
Nortech Systems announces it has acquired Devicix, LLC of Eden Prairie, Minn. Devicix is an innovative medical product design and engineering firm.






Contacts

      For Nortech Systems Incorporated:Warren Djerf, 952-920-3908Brookside 
      Communication Groupwarren@brookcomm.net







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up



















Nor-Tech Power & Controls Inc.




























 





Toggle navigation




Nor-Tech Power & Controls Inc.








Toggle navigation




Nor-Tech Power & Controls Inc.





Nor-tech Power & Controls Inc.LEADERS IN SYSTEM INTEGRATION, PLC, AND SCADA SYSTEMS, INDUSTRIAL ELECTRICAL CONSTRUCTION AND SERVICINGServices About Us 

 

     services  


 

Product Design

Often our customers or their consultants design the products that we build.  In the event that you would like a “turn-key” solution, our technicians have a wide array of experiences to draw from.  



 

PLC and RTU Programming

Our team has experience with Allen Bradley, Modicon, Bristol, Motorola, Idec and Rockwell products. 



 

Documentation

For panels for which we provide the design, we supply a complete set of documentation including CAD generated layout drawings and wiring schematics, product data sheets and bill of materials.



 

Industrial Construction  & Servicing

From new construction projects, to servicing your various existing electrical needs, our electricians are capable of handling any electrical troubleshooting call or installation.




 

Field Start-Up Assistance

In the event that you should require, we can provide start-up and commissioning assistance.




 

Field Surveys

Our technicians will conduct field surveys to determine project design requirements such as motor protection and control, power factor correction and process control, and SCADA Systems.



 

Equipment Procurement

When it comes to buying any electrical power and control equipment, just contact Nor-Tech Power & Controls.




 

Problem Solving

If you have a problem but do not have the time or resources to find a solution, let our team find one for you.


    


About UsEstablished 1999 

Our History.Nor-Tech Power & Controls Inc. has been in the industrial and commercial service business for over 17 years.  We understand people's needs and we strive to meet these with every customer. We are an experienced and reputable provider of automation services, from the wiring of a new programmable logic controller (PLC), to maintenance and repair of your current system. Our experienced electricians are capable of wiring custom automated machines to exact customer specifications.  We have experience in different applications including water and wastewater plants, crushers, as well as asphalt and concrete batching systems.  Nor-Tech Power & Controls electricians are competent in working with a variety of PLCs, motor controls and drive units as well as troubleshooting all existing control systems.   Whether you need to integrate a new or existing PLC system, require professional workmanship for your new construction, or  have an urgent service call for motor repair or a lighting systems issue -  no job is too big or small for our technicians. Contact us. 
 
 
    Gallery Click to view our photo gallery.                                  
 

 








































Nortech Systems Acquires Devicix - Nortech Systems, Inc.






































 






























Select Page


  
 



 



 







Nortech Systems Acquires Devicix
 by admin | Jun 17, 2015 | Investor Relations, Market Solutions, Medical/Life Sciences, Press Releases & News | 
 

ACQUISITION COMBINES MEDICAL DEVICE DESIGN WITH FULL-SERVICE ELECTRO-MECHANICAL MANUFACTURING RESOURCES

WAYZATA, Minn., Jun 17, 2015 — Nortech Systems Incorporated NSYS, -1.43% today announced it has reached an agreement to acquire Devicix, LLC of Eden Prairie, Minn. Devicix is an innovative medical product design and engineering firm with a proven track record of helping clients move from concept to production. The addition of Devicix will enhance and broaden Nortech’s capabilities for complete design, manufacturing and service, particularly for regulated medical devices.

“Adding Devicix’s extensive technical capabilities will support our current medical device customers and help attract new ones,” said Rich Wasielewski, president and CEO of Nortech Systems. “Our medical sales have posted the strongest growth of any of our markets recently, and acquiring Devicix will enable us to better capitalize on and accelerate future growth opportunities.” Added Wasielewski, “This partnership is really a win-win for both companies and our customers.”
The privately owned Devicix was founded in 2004 by Peter DeLange, who is currently the CEO. As a medical product realization firm, Devicix offers a unique ability to shepherd a design from concept through FDA and regulatory approvals. Services offered include concept design, prototyping, full product design and development, regulatory consulting, verification and validation, testing and commercialization. The firm has facilitated a number of successes for its clients, which range from local startups to global medical device makers, and has also developed proprietary technology to enhance customer projects, including its mobile technology (mHealth) platform. “I am very excited about the opportunity that the combination of Devicix and Nortech brings to the customer as a total engineering and manufacturing solution,” said DeLange. DeLange added, “We will be expanding our services to each company’s customer base as we leverage our complementary strengths.”
Nortech matches these activities by offering design-for-manufacturability expertise and providing complete electro-mechanical manufacturing services including wire/cable assemblies, printed circuit board assemblies and integration assembly for medical device, aerospace, defense, industrial and commercial applications. With the addition of Devicix, a medical device client can now work with Nortech Systems to help design, validate, manufacture, and service their medical devices within one low-risk ISO 9001/ISO 13485 turnkey partner.
Nortech will maintain Devicix’s current location in Eden Prairie along with over 30 full-time employees, including experienced professionals in mechanical, electrical, software, biomedical and industrial engineering.
About Nortech Systems Incorporated
Nortech Systems Incorporated (www.nortechsys.com), based in Wayzata, Minn., is a full-service electronics manufacturing services (EMS) provider of wire and cable assemblies, printed circuit board assemblies, and higher-level complete box build assemblies for a wide range of industries. Markets served include industrial equipment, aerospace/defense and medical. The company has manufacturing capabilities in the U.S. and Latin America. Nortech Systems Incorporated is traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol NSYS.
About Devicix, LLC
Devicix, a privately held company based in Eden Prairie, Minn., is an ISO 13485 and 14971-certified, multi-disciplinary engineering firm that delivers innovative design solutions and comprehensive product development services exclusively to the medical device industry. With experienced professionals in Mechanical, Electrical, Software, Biomedical, and Industrial Engineering, Devicix is able to provide design excellence that meets the needs of its clients. Devicix creates Class I, II and III medical devices in numerous and various medical specialties including point-of-care diagnostic instruments, therapeutic devices, implantable devices and monitoring equipment.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. While this release is based on management’s best judgment and current expectations, actual results may differ and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements include, without limitation: volatility in market conditions which may affect market supply of and demand for the company’s products; increased competition; changes in the reliability and efficiency of operating facilities or those of third parties; risks related to availability of labor; commodity and energy cost instability; general economic, financial and business conditions that could affect the company’s financial condition and results of operations; as well as risk factors listed from time to time in the company’s filings with the SEC.
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20150617006171/en/
For Nortech Systems Incorporated:
Warren Djerf, 952-920-3908
Brookside Communication Group
warren@brookcomm.net

 

 
 
 



Search for:



   Recent Posts 

Nortech Systems and Bank of America Merrill Lynch Announce New Commercial Banking Agreement


Nortech Systems Appoints Chief Operating Officer


Nortech Systems Reports First Quarter Results


Nortech Systems Reports Fourth Quarter and Year-End Results


Nortech Systems, Inc. to Report Fourth Quarter Results March 8


  Recent Comments Archives 
June 2017
May 2017
March 2017
November 2016
August 2016
July 2016
May 2016
April 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
November 2014
August 2014
May 2014
March 2014
December 2013
November 2013
August 2013
May 2013
March 2013
February 2013
January 2013
November 2012
August 2012
July 2012
June 2012
May 2012
April 2012
March 2012
February 2012
January 2012
November 2011
August 2011
June 2011

 Categories 
About

Financial Reports

Investor Relations

Manufacturing

Market Solutions

Medical/Life Sciences

Miscellaneous

News and Press Releases (Omit)

PCBA Prototyping/Short Run Production

Press Releases & News

Uncategorized


 Meta 
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 





















Home - Nortech Systems, Inc.











































 






























Select Page


  
 



 



 










Comprehensive Integration & Box-Build Services
 
 
 
 



Complex Wire/Cable Design & Production
 
 
 
 



Total PCBA Lifecycle Support
 
 
 
 



Turnkey Design/Production Solutions for Medical Devices
 
 
 
 
 
 




World-Class Solutions for Electro-Mechanical Applications 






 



Welcome to Nortech Systems Inc.  Founded in Minnesota in 1990, we are a full-scale provider of contract design, engineering, production and post-market services for electro-mechanical products throughout the world, including for aerospace, defense, medical device, industrial and commercial applications. We have built our success by serving our customers and their needs through a focus on having the right tools, the right people and a drive to succeed.
 
At Nortech, your project is always our priority.
 
 

 News & Media 

Nortech Systems and Bank of America Merrill Lynch Announce New Commercial Banking Agreement
June 15, 2017


Nortech Systems Appoints Chief Operating Officer
May 17, 2017


Nortech Systems Reports First Quarter Results
May 11, 2017


 
 
 
 





Value-Driven
We’re committed to bringing you the absolute best value. We do this by aiding in design, streamlining the manufacturing process, and integrating post-market services and inventory management.

 
 
 




Customer Focused
We know how hard it is to find a partner that’s accessible and competent. We work to prove both to you every day. We always provide a clear point of contact and take a pro-active approach to our working relationship.

 
 
 




Expert Design
Our team features some of the most experienced and creative minds in the industry. Armed with the best practices and the right tools, they can help you optimize your project design to exceed expectations.

 
 
 




Exceptional People
It starts and ends with our team members. Nortech staff are dedicated professionals who represent the best values and work tirelessly to make your success our endpoint.

 
 
 
 

 
 
 



 Nortech Systems, Inc.7550 Meridian Circle | Suite 150 Maple Grove, Minnesota 55369 United States of America Telephone: 800.808.8281
 
 

About Nortech
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map
 
 
 

nortechspotlight.com  |  intercon-1.com  |  devicix.com
 
nortechspotlight.com intercon-1.com devicix.com
 
Unless otherwise noted, ™ indicates that the name is a trademark of, or licensed to, Nortech Systems, Inc. or one of its subsidiaries.  Copyright © 2016, Nortech Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 














Nortech Systems - 首頁 | Facebook











Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁關於相片按讚分析貼文建立粉絲專頁社群24 人說這讚24 個人正在追蹤關於查看全部www.nortechsys.com社群用戶24 個讚中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017相片顯示全部貼文Nortech Systems · 2015年4月30日 · Come See us at the BIOMEDevice Boston 2015 Trade Show! May6th-7th.  http://biomedevice.mddionline.com/…BIOMEDevice Boston 2015 | New Ideas, New Connectionsbiomedevice.mddionline.comNortech Systems · 2015年1月13日 · Happy New Year's From Everyone At Nortech Systems!顯示全部貼文Nortech Systems 更新了大頭貼照。 · 2014年11月20日 · Nortech Systems 新增了 20 張相片。 · 2014年10月30日 · 還有 17 張Nortech Systems 更新了大頭貼照。 · 2014年10月30日 · Nortech Systems · 2014年10月28日 · Nortech Systems showing the future what Manufacturing is all about. http://www.lptv.org/golden-apple-students-celebrate-manufa…/Lakeland Public Television » Golden Apple: Students Celebrate Manufacturing DayFor one day, Bemidji High School students have a different kind of class on their schedules. As part of a statewide awareness day, local manufacturers opened their doors to show students what today’s advanced manufacturing world is all about. Around 30 students participated in a tour of Nortech Syst…lptv.orgNortech Systems · 2014年8月12日 ·  We have the career move you’ve been waiting for!  We just opened the opportunities of Electro Mechanical Designer for our Aerospace & Defense segment and Project Manager for our medical engineering team.  Join us!  Learn more & apply at http://www.nortechsys.com/careers/Careers | EMS Contract Manufacturing and Engineering Services | Nortech Systemsbuy an essay Nortech Systems, Inc. offers its employees: 401(k) program with company match. Health and dental insurance is available to all employees working 32 hours per week or more. Life Insurance. Paid Time Off (PTO) for full-time employees. Paid Hol...nortechsys.comNortech Systems · 2014年8月7日 · http://www.nortechsys.com/…/nortech-systems-reports-2014-s…/2014 Second Quarter Results | Press Releases & News | Nortech SystemsNortech Systems Reports Second Quarter Results MINNEAPOLIS – Aug. 6, 2014 – Nortech Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ: NSYS) today reported net sales of $27.4 million for the second quarter ended June 30, 2014, up five percent sequentially from the prior quar...nortechsys.comNortech Systems · 2014年6月17日 · Nortech System's Industrial Team Helps Local Company Get Product To Market With Engineering & Production Support.  http://www.startribune.com/business/263079431.htmlWhiteboard: Atek digital tank monitor aims to save fuel, time and moneyAtek Access Technologies of Eden Prairie has introduced a wireless tank monitor that will let farmers, oil-change shops and fuel suppliers remotely monitor the liquid levels for fleets of fuel tanksstartribune.comNortech Systems 更新了封面相片。 · 2014年6月3日 · Nortech Systems 更新了封面相片。 · 2014年6月3日 · Nortech Systems 更新了封面相片。 · 2014年6月3日 · Nortech Systems 更新了封面相片。 · 2014年6月3日 · Nortech Systems · 2014年5月9日 · Looking for a rewarding career, great benefits & experience of a lifetime?  We have a position for you!  Check out our amazing opportunities at www.nortechsys.com/careers/ or message us for details.Careers | EMS Contract Manufacturing and Engineering Services | Nortech Systemsbuy an essay Nortech Systems, Inc. offers its employees: 401(k) program with company match. Health and dental insurance is available to all employees working 32 hours per week or more. Life Insurance. Paid Time Off (PTO) for full-time employees. Paid Hol...nortechsys.comNortech Systems · 2014年5月6日 · Nortech Systems’ Annual Meeting The annual meeting of shareholders of Nortech Systems Incorporated  will be held this Wednesday, May 7, 2014, at 3:00 p.m.  at the Wayzata Country Club, 200 West Wayzata Boulevard  Wayzata, Minnesota. ⋯⋯ All shareholders and other interested parties are invited to attend.   Refreshments will be served. Questions? Call 952-345-2244  Hope to See You There! 更多Nortech Systems 更新了封面相片。 · 2014年4月15日 · Nortech Systems · 2014年4月9日 · Nortech Is Now On Facebook!查看更多


