


PFC Device Inc.























繁體中文





简体中文 






 



















 
 Products

 Rectifier
 MOSFET
 IGBT
 Bridge Rectifiers
 Packaging



Applications

 General Power
 Consumer
 Industrial
 Automotive



Support

 Quality
 PCN
  Application Note
 Package Info
 Package Outline



News

 Company News
 Product News



Investor Information

 Financial Highlights
Financial Reports
Announcements
Prospectus/Circulars
Securities Profile
Corporate Information



About Us

 Corporate Profile
 Vision Mission Philosophy
 Milestone
 Careers



Contact

 Contact Us
 Global Offices
 Distributors



















 
Home   Products












Products
/







 Rectifier




 MOSFET




 IGBT




 Bridge Rectifiers




 Packaging








﻿




New Product









 SMAF-A



	PFC new development patterns SMAF-A package product for mobile phone charger and power supply applications Network & Communction need to develo...










 

 










	 




              








MOS Rectifier Introduction

									PFR series products combine low VF, low IR, high IFSM, high Tj, and high thermal stability advantages. Use of PFR products can support power supply designers to meet the stringent requirements of the pursuit of high efficiency, high reliability and high operating temperatures.

									 

SLVF technology

									SLVF Schottky rectifier, the use of advanced semiconductor structures, is superior to the conventional planar Schottky to achieve better product characteristics and efficiency.PFC New SLVF Schottky rectifiers with lower VF, low IR, as well as faster switching speed can be used to enhance the efficiency of power supply and to meet a new generation of energy-saving specifications.

									 

Development of new technologies

									PFC R&D team is working on high-performance products such as development of MOSFET, Super Junction MOSFET, IGBT, Low VF Bridge product technology platform.

									In the name of PFC, we will dedicate to explore newly and better efficient power electronics technology.









	 















 
                                          Rectifier                                        















 
                                                
	
		PFC rectifier at 30V ~ 300V product technology provides different packages type。
	
		30V ~ 60V  Voltage range- mainly focus on MOS Rect...                                              







 
                                          MOS Rectifier                                          





 
                                          SLVF/HPTR                                          





 
                                          SMAF-A                                          










 
                                          MOSFET                                        















 
                                                
	
		PFC SR MOSFET mainly focus on synchronous rectifier applications. Using self-owned assembly house to provide customers with the most complete r...                                              







 
                                          SR MOSFET 40V ~ 110V                                          





 
                                          SJ MOSFET 600V                                          





 
                                          HV MOSFET 600V                                           










 
                                          IGBT                                        















 
                                                
	IGBT on developement, coming soon
                                              







 




 
                                          Bridge Rectifiers                                        















 
                                                
	 

	
		
			
				
					
					
						
							
								
									 
								
									Part number
								
									Package
	...                                              












 
                                          Packaging                                        















 
                                                
	 PFC uses self-owned packaging house to produce TO-220 / ITO-220 / TO-263 / TO-262 / SMAF-A., and so on to support  business and customiz...                                              







 
 


 







 
 















 






Products



Rectifier
MOSFET
IGBT
Bridge Rectifiers
Packaging





Applications



General Power
Consumer
Industrial
Automotive






Support



Quality
PCN
 Application Note
Package Info
Package Outline





News



Company News
Product News






Investor Information




Financial Highlights
Financial Reports
Announcements
Prospectus/Circulars
Securities Profile
Corporate Information






About Us



Corporate Profile
Vision Mission Philosophy
Milestone
Careers





Contact


Contact Us
Global Offices
Distributors








Stay Connected































 


 
Copyright © 2015 PFC Device Inc. All rights reserved
















PFC Device Inc (8231.HK)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















PFC Device Inc (8231.HK)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySemiconductors












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				8231.HK on Hong Kong Stock


				0.32HKD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

HK$0.32


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

5,496,882




52-wk High

HK$5.81


52-wk Low

HK$0.14











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Kwok Kee Yung

62
2016

                                Executive Chairman of the Board




							Hung Hsin Kuo

63
2014

                                President




							Man-fai Hong

43
2016

                                Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director




							Chao Li Tseng

52
2014

                                Chief Operating Officer




							Kai Chiu David Chow

51
2016

                                Compliance Officer, Executive Director




							Mei-Ling Chen

46
2014

                                Vice President - Research and Development




							Ka Man Lee

43
2016

                                Company Secretary




							Che Yin Tang

61
2016

                                Non-Executive Director




							Lam ..

64
2016

                                Non-Executive Independent Director




							Yan Hok Fan

67
2016

                                Non-Executive Independent Director




							Man Chiu Leung

68
2016

                                Non-Executive Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Kwok Kee Yung


					
							Mr. Yung Kwok Kee, Billy is Executive Chairman of the Board of the Company since 2 March 2016. Mr. Yung is primarily responsible for the strategic direction and overall management of the strategic planning of the Group. Mr. Yung is the chairman of the nomination committee and a member of both the audit committee and the remuneration committee of the Company. Mr. Yung is also a director of PFC Device Holdings, PFC Device (HK) and PFC Device Corporation. Mr. Yung obtained a Bachelor degree in Electrical Engineering from University of Washington, USA, in August 1975 and a Master degree in Industrial Engineering from Stanford University, USA, in January 1977. Mr. Yung has over 31 years of experience in managing manufacturing, transportation, semiconductor and real estate businesses in the USA, Hong Kong and China. Prior founding the Group, Mr. Yung had been the executive director of Shell Electric Mfg, from 1984 to 2010, a Hong Kong-based electrical appliances manufacturing company, now known as China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Ltd. (stock code: 0081), which shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Since then, Mr. Yung became a non-executive director and vice chairman. Mr. Yung has been the chairman and the chief executive of Shell Electric since 2009. Mr. Yung has been the Member of 12th Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference Guangzhou Committee since January 2012.




							Hung Hsin Kuo


					
							Mr. Kuo Hung Hsin is President of the Company. He is primarily responsible for the implementation of strategic direction of the Group, product roadmap definition, strategic marketing and planning. Mr. Kuo has over 31 years of experience in the semiconductor industry. Mr. Kuo obtained a Bachelor degree of Chemical Engineering from Tamkang University, New Taipei City, Taiwan, in June 1981 and obtained an Executive Master degree of Business Administration degree from National Taipei University, Taipei City, Taiwan, in July 2003. He also obtained an Industry Research Master’s degree of Science on Embedded Systems Engineering from the Technology and Science Institute of Northern Taiwan (now known as Taipei City University of Science and Technology), Taipei, Taiwan, in 2012. Mr. Kuo previously worked in Globe Industries Corporation, Lite-on Semiconductor Corp and APD Semiconductor (Asia) Inc. He joined the Group as a general manager on 2 July 2007.




							Man-fai Hong


					
							Mr. Hong James Man-fai is Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director of the Company. He is the chief executive officer of the Group and primarily responsible for the overall management and operations and the implementation of the strategic planning of the Group. Mr. Hong is also a director of PFC Device Corporation and PFC Device (GD). Mr. Hong obtained a Bachelor degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from University of California, Berkeley, USA, in December 1993 and a Master of Business Administration from University of Southern California, USA, in August 2001. Mr. Hong has more than 18 years of experience in the manufacturing and retail of semiconductor products with extensive knowledge in business development of semiconductor product. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Hong was employed by Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., an USA-based semiconductor manufacturing company, as product engineer during 1994 to 1998. Mr. Hong was employed by Pittiglio Rabin Todd & McGrath, an USAbased management consulting company, as business consultant from 2001 to 2004. From 2005 to 2006, Mr. Hong served as vice president of corporate operations for APD Semiconductor, Inc., an USA-based discrete semiconductor manufacturing company. Mr. Hong was employed by Diodes Incorporated, an USA-based semiconductor manufacturing company, as business unit manager from 2006 to 2009. Mr. Hong was employed by Skyworks Solutions, Inc. as product marketing director from 2009 to 2011. Mr. Hong became a director of PFC Device Corporation in November 2007. Between November 2007 and December 2010, Mr. Hong only had advisory role in the Group and was not involved in the operation of the Group, and did not receive any remuneration, discretionary benefits, bonus or other fringe benefits. Since January 2011, Mr. Hong has taken up and been remunerated for the responsibility for the overall management and operations and the implementation of the strategic planning of the Group.




							Chao Li Tseng


					
							Mr. Tseng Chao Li is Chief Operating Officer of the Company. He is primarily responsible for sales, marketing and operation of the Group in Taiwan. Mr. Tseng has over 26 years of experience in the semiconductor industry. Mr. Tseng obtained a Bachelor degree of Mechanical Engineering from the Nanya Junior College of Technology, Taoyuan, Taiwan, in June 1985 and an Executive Master of Business Administration degree in Industrial Management from National Taiwan University of Science & Technology, Taipei, Taiwan, in June 2012. From 1999 to 2002, Mr. Tseng worked (*Huayuan Technology Limited). From 2002 to 2005, Mr. Tseng worked at Zenitron Corporation. From 2006 to 2011, Mr. Tseng was employed by Diodes Incorporated. From 2012 to 2014, Mr. Tseng worked at Chip Integration Technology Corporation. He joined the Group as a chief operating officer on 5 August 2014. Mr. Tseng has not held any directorship in any public listed company during the three years immediately preceding the date of this prospectus.




							Kai Chiu David Chow


					
							Mr. Chow Kai Chiu, David is Compliance Officer, Executive Director of the Company since 21 March 2016. Mr. Chow is primarily responsible for assisting the chairman in the overall management of the strategic planning of the Group and overseeing the corporate development and finance of the Group. Mr. Chow is also a director of PFC Device Holdings, PFC Device (HK), PFC Device Corporation and PFC Device (GD). Mr. Chow received his Bachelor degree of Applied Science in Computer Engineering from the University of Waterloo, Canada, in May 1989 and his Master’s degree in Business Administration from York University, Canada, in June 1990. Mr. Chow is a Chartered Financial Analyst and a member of the CFA Institute. Mr. Chow has over 25 years of experience in the finance and investment management area. Mr. Chow was employed by First Marathon Securities Limited in Canada as associate analyst from 1990 to 1992. Mr. Chow was employed by Asian Capital Partners as an analyst in 1993 and thereafter, he was employed by Shell Electric Mfg. (Holdings) Co. Ltd (‘‘Shell Electric Mfg’’), a Hong Kongbased electrical appliances manufacturing company, from 1993 to 2000, and his final position was deputy general manager. Mr. Chow was employed by HSBC Private Equity (Asia) Limited as investment director from 2000 to 2001. Mr. Chow was employed by Shell Electric Mfg from 2002 to 2009 as assistant group managing director. He has been the group deputy chief executive of Shell Electric since 2009. Mr. Chow joined the Group and was appointed as a director of PFC Device Corporation on 29 December 2006. Given that Mr. Chow is currently the group deputy chief executive of Shell Electric, for which he expects to allocate 70% to 80% of his time and resources to carry out such role, Mr. Chow will allocate approximately 20% to 30% of his time and resources to the Group’s business upon the Listing.




							Mei-Ling Chen


					
							Ms. Chen Mei-Ling is Vice President - Research and Development of the Company. She joined the Group on 3 February 2009 and she is primarily responsible for the new product development and enhancement, research and development of new product and technology. Ms. Chen has over 16 years of experience in the semiconductor industry. Ms. Chen obtained a Master degree of Chemistry from Tunghai University, Taichung, Taiwan, in June 1999. From 2000 to 2005, she had served as a senior engineer of Vishay Intertechnology. From 2005 to 2007, she had acted as a marketing and research and development director of MPEC. From 2007 to 2008, she had acted as a marketing and research and development director of DACO Semiconductor Co., Ltd. She joined the Group as a market and sales director on 3 February 2009.




							Ka Man Lee


					
							Ms. Lee Ka Man is the Company Secretary of the Company. She is an associate member of both The Institute of Chartered Secretaries & Administrators in the United Kingdom and The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries. Ms. LEE obtained a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration from The Open University of Hong Kong in June 2002 and a master’s degree in Business Administration from The Open University of Hong Kong in December 2004. She has more than 15 years of experience in the field of company secretarial services




							Che Yin Tang


					
							Mr. Tang Che Yin is Non-Executive Director of the company since 21 March 2016. Mr. Tang is primarily responsible for assisting the chairman in the overall management of the strategic planning of the Group and overseeing the human resource and operation of the Group’s China manufacturing operation. Mr. Tang is also a director of PFC Device (GD). Mr. Tang obtained his Master degree of Computer Science from the University of Manchester of the United Kingdom, United Kingdom, in December 1980 and his Master degree of Business Administration from the Chinese University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong, in December 1987. He obtained the qualification of a Chartered Engineer and also membership of the Council of Engineer in the United Kingdom in February 1987. He also obtained the qualification of a Chartered Electrical Engineer in March 1991 and the membership of the Institution of Electrical Engineers in April 1986. Mr. Tang has over 20 years of experience in technical and factory management. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Tang was employed by subsidiaries of Shell Electric from 1991 to present, with current position as general manager. Mr. Tang is currently the director of four indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Shell Electric, namely, SMC Multi-Media (HK), SMC Multi-Media Trading, SMC Multi-Media Products and Shunde Multi-Media. Mr. Tang joined the Group and was appointed as an alternate director of PFC Device Corporation on 5 November 2007.




							Lam ..


					
							Mr. Lam, Peter is Non-Executive Independent Director of the company since 19 September 2016. He is responsible for providing independent judgment on the Group’s strategy, performance, resources and standard of conduct. He is a member of both the remuneration committee and the nomination committee of the Company. Mr. Lam received a Bachelor degree in Civil Engineering from Lehigh University, USA, in May 1974 and a Master degree in Science from Stanford University, USA, in June 1975. He is the permanent supervisor of The Hong Kong Construction Association and vice chairman of Heifer International Hong Kong. He obtained the membership of Hong Kong Institution of Engineers in March 1981. He is the President of Lam Construction Company Limited. Mr. Lam has not held any directorship in any public listed company during the three years immediately preceding the date of this prospectus.




							Yan Hok Fan


					
							Mr. Fan Yan Hok, Philip is Non-Executive Independent Director of the company since 19 September 2016. He is responsible for providing independent judgment on the Group’s strategy, performance, resources and standard of conduct. He is the chairman of the remuneration committee and a member of both the audit committee and the nomination committee of the Company. Mr. Fan holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Science and a Master’s Degree in Science from Stanford University, USA, in June 1973 and September 1973, respectively, as well as a Master’s Degree in Management Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, USA, in May 1976. Mr. Fan joined China Everbright International Limited (stock code: 257) in 1997, and he retired as the executive director of China Everbright International Limited in 2010. Mr. Fan is also currently an independent non-executive director of China Everbright International Limited, Hysan Development Company Limited (stock code: 14), First Pacific Company Limited (stock code: 142) and China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings Limited (stock code: 1848). The shares of these companies are listed on the Stock Exchange and he is also an independent director of Goodman Group, the shares of which are listed in the Australian Securities Exchange. He is a member of the Asia Advisory Committee of AustralianSuper Pty Ltd, a pension fund established in Australia. He was previously an independent non-executive director of HKC (Holdings) Limited (stock code: 190) and Guolian Securities Co., Ltd (stock code: 1456). He was formerly an independent non-executive director of Zhuhai Zhongfu Enterprise Co. Ltd., a Shenzhen listed company and Suntech Power Holdings Co., Ltd., a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange.




							Man Chiu Leung


					
							Mr. Leung Man Chiu, Lawrence is Non-Executive Independent Director of the company since 19 September 2016 and is responsible for providing independent judgment on the Group’s strategy, performance, resources and standard of conduct. He is the chairman of the audit committee of the Company. He graduated in July 1969 from the Hong Kong Technical College (now known as the Hong Kong Polytechnic University) with a diploma in accountancy. Mr. Leung was admitted as an associate of the Association of Certified Accountants in October 1972 and was admitted as a fellow in February 1978. He was also admitted as a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in July 1978. Mr. Leung has extensive experience in accounting and auditing. He is now practising as a partner in Tang and Fok. Mr. Leung is currently an independent non-executive director of Pak Fah Yeow International Limited (stock code: 239) and Safety Godown Company, Limited (stock code: 237), both of which are public listed companies in Hong Kong.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Kwok Kee Yung

--




							Hung Hsin Kuo

--




							Man-fai Hong

43,000




							Chao Li Tseng

--




							Kai Chiu David Chow

--




							Mei-Ling Chen

--




							Ka Man Lee

--




							Che Yin Tang

--




							Lam ..

--




							Yan Hok Fan

--




							Man Chiu Leung

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2015





					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Kwok Kee Yung

0
0




							Hung Hsin Kuo

0
0




							Man-fai Hong

0
0




							Chao Li Tseng

0
0




							Kai Chiu David Chow

0
0




							Mei-Ling Chen

0
0




							Ka Man Lee

0
0




							Che Yin Tang

0
0




							Lam ..

0
0




							Yan Hok Fan

0
0




							Man Chiu Leung

0
0









					Insider Trading




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTechnologySemiconductors






















	Products | Microchip Technology Inc.



















































‹








Products
Applications
Design Support
Sample and Buy
About Us
Contact Us
myMicrochip Login








Microcontrollers and Microprocessors 

8-bit MCUs 
16-bit MCUs 
32-bit MCUs 
32-bit MPUs 



Analog 


Amplifiers and Linear

Amplifiers and Linear Overview 
Operational Amplifiers 
Instrumentation Amplifiers 
Comparators 
PGA 
Power/Current Monitors 



Data Converters

Data Converters Overview 
Analog-to-Digital Converter 
Digital Potentiometers 
Digital-to-Analog Converters 
Power and Energy Measurement 
F/V and V/F Converters 
Power/Current Sensors 
Voltage References 



High-Voltage Interface

High-Voltage Interface Overview 
MOSFETs – Interface 
Driver Arrays 
Amplifiers/MEMS Drivers 
Application Specific 


Motor Drivers 

CO and Smoke Detection

CO and Smoke Detector ICs 
Horn Driver ICs 



Thermal Management

Thermal Management Overview 
Local Temperature Sensors 
Remote Temperature Sensors 
Fan Controller ICs 
Thermocouple ICs 



Ultrasound Products

Ultrasound Product Overview 
Analog Multiplexers/Switches 
Beamformer Source Drivers 
Complimentary MOSFET Arrays 
Continuous Transmit Pulsers 
Continuous Wave (CW) Transmitters 
Transmit/Receive (T/R) Switch ICs 
Ultrasound MOSFET Drivers 





Power Management 

Power Management Overview 
Voltage References 
Battery Management 
Charge Pumps 
System Supervisors/Voltage Detectors 
LDO Regulators 
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers 
PWM Controllers 
Inductorless Offline Switching Regulators 
Switching Regulators 
Voltage Detectors 
Power Modules 
Power Switches 
High Voltage Linear Regulators 



Clock and Timing 

Overview 
Clock Generation 
Oscillators 
Clock and Data Distribution 
Real-time Clock 



High-Speed Networking and Video 

Overview 
Ethernet 
ARCNET 
CoaXpress® 
Fiber Optic Module Chipsets 
Video Equalizers 
Video Transceivers 
Video Sub-Systems 
Clock and Data Recovery ICs 







Interface and Connectivity 

CoaXpress® 
CAN 
Infrared 
LIN 
Serial Peripherals 
USB 



Display and LED Drivers 

Display and LED Drivers Overview 
Electroluminescent Backlight Drivers 
Automotive LED Drivers 
Backlight LED Drivers 
General-Purpose LED Drivers 
Linear Current Regulators 
Sequential Linear LED Drivers 
Camera Flash Drivers 



Embedded Controllers and Super I/O 

Embedded Controllers and Super I/O Overview 
Desktop and Super I/O 
Embedded and Keyboard Controllers 
Expansion and Legacy I/O 



Programmable Logic 

SPLD/CPLD 
FPGA 
FPGA Configuration Memory 



Memory 

Serial EEPROM 
Serial EERAM 
Serial SRAM 
Serial Flash 
Parallel Flash 
Parallel EEPROM 
OTP EPROM 







Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - Turnkey    Multi-touch Solutions 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 



Wireless 

Wireless Connectivity 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® Technology 
MiWi™ Protocol 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 
802.15.4 
Sigfox 
RF Identification 
IR Control 
Wireless Audio 



Smart Energy/Metering 

Overview 
Metering 
Power Line Communications 
Wireless Communications 



Rad Hard 

Overview 
Rad Hard ASICs 
Rad Hard Communication ICs 
Rad Hard FPGAs 
Rad Hard Memories 
Rad Hard Processors 
Rad Tolerant Devices 



Security ICs 

Security ICs Overview 

CryptoAuthentication

Overview 
Geting Started 
SHA Based 
ECC Based 
ECC-AWS IoT Based 
AES Based 



Trusted Platform Module

Overview 
TCG Version 1.2 



CryptoRF

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoRF 
CryptoRF Reader 



CryptoMemory

Overview 
CryptoCompanion 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 3.6V) 
CryptoMemory (2.7V - 5.5V) 









Curiosity Development Board

Your next embedded design idea has a new home. Curiosity is a cost-effective, fully-integrated 8-bit development platform targeted at first-time users, makers and those seeking a feature-rich rapid prototyping board




MCP6V9X

This family of operational amplifiers provides input offset voltage correction for very low offset and offset drift, with a gain bandwidth product of 10 MHz.




DSC6000

The new DSC6000 family is the industry's smallest MEMS MHz oscillator with the lowest power consumption over full frequency range of 2 KHz to 100 MHz.




GigEpack Ethernet Products

Advanced design techniques ensure reliable operation under extreme conditions while stripping away complexity and advancing ease-of-use, the GigEpack provides three key elements: Certified Products, free drivers and copy-ready evaluation boards, and Microchip’s free LANCheck® design check service. Together, they ensure interoperability, rapid development and robust board design.




UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement the revolutionary USB-C™ connector in practically any consumer, industrial or automotive application.




HV9805

The HV9805 features a PFC boost converter with valley/ZCD switching that reduces system cost by lessening the thermal and optical design requirements. The linear post-regular provides True DC lighting with no flickering and the configurable to SEPIC technology supports lower LED string voltage.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




SST26WF080B/040B

Manufactured with SuperFlash® technology that provides the industry's fastest erase times, the SST26WF080B (8 Mbit) and SST26WF040B (4 Mbit) are approximately 300 times faster than competitive devices.




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.








 Aerospace and Defense
 Audio and Speech

Automotive 

Automotive Solutions 
Automotive Connectivity 
Functional Safety 


 Battery Management
 CAN
 Computing

Displays 

Graphical Displays 
Segmented LCD 


 Embedded Security

Ethernet 

Ethernet Overview 
Ethernet of Everything 
USB-to-Ethernet 
Ethernet Controllers 
Ethernet Switches 
Ethernet PHYs 
EtherCAT® 






 High Temperature
 Home Appliance
 Intelligent Power
 Internet of Things
 Lighting
 Low Power
 LIN
 Medical

Metering 

Metering Overview 
Electric Meter 
Gas, Water and Heat Flow Meters 
Power Monitoring 






 Motor Control and Drive
 Power Monitoring
 Smart Energy/Metering
 Smartphone Accessories

Touch and Gesture 

Touch and Gesture Overview 
1D Touch – Buttons, Sliders, Wheels 
2D Touch – maXTouch® - automotive and industrial touch screens 
2D Touch – MCU Based Touch Pads 
3D Gestures 



USB 

USB Overview 
USB Hubs and Devices 
USB PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs 


 Wireless Audio

Wireless Connectivity 

Wireless Connectivity Overview 
Wi-Fi® 
Bluetooth® 
LoRa® 
MiWi™ 
Sub-GHz 
zigbee® 
Infrared 
Power Amplifiers 







Lower Power High Performance ADC

Microchip is committed to providing military grade products for integration into present and future aerospace and defense sector programs. Our complete portfolio of microcontrollers, power, analog, digital, memory, RF, mixed-signal and interface




PIC32 Bluetooth Audio Development Kit (DV320032)

This kit delivers the hardware and software needed to develop digital audio docking applications with USB or Bluetooth connectivity. Preloaded demo code enables audio streaming via USB or Bluetooth.




OS82150

The OS82150 integrates a coaxial cable driver and coaxial receiver, extending the usage of coaxial cabling to enable powerful automotive infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




MCP73871 Fully Integrated Linear Solution

The MCP73871 device is a 1A fully integrated linear solution for system load sharing and Li-Ion / Li-Polymer battery charge management with AC-DC wall adapter and USB port power sources selection. It's also capable of autonomous power source selection between input or battery.




CAN FD Transceiver Family

The CAN Flexible Data Rate (CAN FD) Transceiver family helps CAN systems meet the physical layer requirement for CAN FD systems, and is one of only a few CAN FD transceivers approved by auto OEMs.




MEC14XX

The MEC14XX family is one of the first to support both the Intel® Corporation’s new Enhanced Serial Peripheral Interface (eSPI) and the existing Low Pin Count (LPC) interface.




TC7106A

The TC7106A 3½ digit LCD direct-display drive analog-to-digital converters allow existing TC7106-based systems to be upgraded. Each device has a precision reference with a 20ppm/°C max temperature coefficient. This represents a 4-7 times improvement over similar 3½ digit converters.




PIC24FJ128GB204

The new PIC24F "GB4" family expands Microchip's eXtreme Low Power portfolio and includes an integrated hardware crypto engine with both OTP and Key RAM options for secure key storage, up to 256 KB of Flash memory and a direct drive for segmented LCD displays, in 64-, 100- or 121-pin packages.




LAN9352/LAN9352i

The LAN9352/LAN9352i is a high-performance, small-footprint, full-featured 2-port managed Ethernet switch and is application-optimized for consumer, embedded and Industrial designs.




MCP2561/2 FD

This is a second generation high-speed CAN transceiver that guarantees Loop Delay Symmetry in order to support higher data rates required for CAN FD. Maximum propagation delay was improved to support longer bus length. The device meets the automotive requirements for CAN FD bit rates exceeding 5 Mbps.




Class B Safety Software Library

Microchip has developed a library of low-level software routines and hardware peripherals that simplify meeting IEC 60730 requirements for Class B Safety. Each product family (PIC16, PIC18, PIC24, dsPIC® DSC and PIC32) has functions specifically designed to work efficiently with the available resources.




dsPIC33EP "GS" Family for Digtal Power Applications

This family delivers the performance needed to implement more sophisticated non-linear, predictive & adaptive control algorithms at higher switching frequencies. These advanced algorithms enable power supply designs that are more energy efficient & have better power supply specifications.




WCM and ECM Development Kits

Microchip's WCM (Wi-Fi® Client Module) and ECM (Ethernet Client Module) development kits are designed to enable you to quickly and easily connect an embedded system to a cloud-based server, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS). This will reduce the learning curve and help you get connected to the cloud quickly.




Smart Lights are Better Lights

Microchip's PIC® microcontrollers with intelligent analog integration like the PIC16F176X family make it possible to get advanced features such as digital control to smooth dimming, as well as color temperature tuning, usage-based lifetime prediction and networked communication for monitoring and control.




PIC24FJ256GB412

PIC24F 16-bit microcontroller featuring integrated Hardware Crypto module and eXtreme Low Power. This family also includes 256 KB Flash, 16 KB RAM, USB, LCD and advanced peripherals. The combination of features makes the part ideally suited for low-power embedded security applications.




OS82150

The OS82150 extends the usage of coaxial cabling to powerful infotainment networks based on MOST150 technology.




Is Your Medical Device Design Secured?

Is your medical device design truly secured? Microchip's full line of security products, including MCUs, wireless products and software libraries, can secure your medical device designs from the ground up.




MCP39F511

The MCP39F511 is a highly integrated, single-phase power-monitoring IC designed for real-time measurement of input power for AC/DC power supplies, providing power and energy values. It includes dual-channel delta sigma ADCs, a 16-bit calculation engine, EEPROM and a flexible 2-wire interface.




MCP8026

This is a 3-Phase brushless gate driver with power module & 5 µA (typ) sleep-mode current. It integrates three half-bridge drivers to drive external NMOS/NMOS transistor pairs configured to drive a 3-phase BLDC motor, a comparator, a voltage regulator to provide bias to a companion microcontroller & power monitoring comparators.




dsPIC33EP32MC202

The dsPIC33E family of digital signal controllers (DSCs) features a 70 MIPS dsPIC® DSC core with integrated DSP and enhanced on-chip peripherals. These DSCs enable the design of high-performance, precision motor control systems that are more energy efficient, quieter in operation.




Single-Burner Induction Cooktop Reference Design

This cost-effective single-burner induction cooktop reference design is a fully functional single-burner unit that achieves greater than 90%* efficiency and consumes less than 0.5W power during standby. The user interface implements mTouch® sensing solutions.




Smartphone Accessory

New accessories are emerging in sports/fitness, wellness, financial transactions markets. Microchip's accessory development kits make it easy to development your accessory products with fast time-to-market!




MTCH10x: Direct Mechanical Buttons Replacement

In a hardware-only configuration, these 2, 5 and 8 channel capacitive touch controllers replace mechanical buttons with a simple digital output, making it easy to add proximity and touch detection to any application.




UTC2000

Microchip's strong brand name and expertise in USB solutions is demonstrated yet again with the UTC2000. We deliver a simple and easy solution to implement USB-C in practically any application, whether consumer, industrial, or automotive.




RN2903

Long-range and low-power LoRa® Sub-GHz, 915 MHz module for IoT networks.








 New to Microchip?

Development Tools 

Development Tools Overview 
Demonstration and Evaluation Boards 

Software Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Software Solutions 
MPLAB® X IDE 
MPLAB® XC Compilers 
MPLAB® Code Configurator 
MPLAB® Xpress 
MPLAB® Harmony 
Microchip Libraries for Applications 
Software Libraries 
Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 



Hardware Tools for PIC® MCUs and dsPIC® DSCs

Emulators 
Emulation Extention Paks 
Programmers 



Software Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Atmel Studio IDE 
Data Visualizer 
Compilers 
Atmel START 
MCU Software Library 
Atmel Gallery 



Hardware Tools for AVR® and SAM MCUs/MPUs

Debuggers 
Programmers 



Design and Simulation Tools

CAD/CAE Symbols 
SPICE Models 
MPLAB® Mindi™ Analog Simulator 
MindiSWLib 
IBIS Models 
Clockworks® Configurator 
BSDL 


Third-Party Development Tools 



Documentation 

Application Notes 
Data Sheets 
Erratas 
Packaging Specifications 
Programming Specifications 
Reference Manuals 
User Guides 
Product Briefs 
Migration Documents 



Training 

Training Overview 
Developer Help Wiki 
Webinars 
Microchip Videos 
MASTERs Conference 
Technical Training Center 






 Forums
 Design Partner Network
 Product Change Notification

Quality and Reliability 

Quality 
Reliability 






 Technical Support

Software 

Code Examples 
Embedded Code Source 


 Config Tool for Oscillators & Clocks





Need Help?

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.




PICKIT™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer

Microchip's PICkit™ 3 In-Circuit Debugger/Programmer uses in-circuit debugging logic incorporated into each chip with Flash memory to provide a low-cost hardware debugger and programmer. In-circuit debugging offers low cost, minimum additional debug hardware and no expensive sockets or adapters




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Conferences, Tradeshows and Events

Microchip attends conferences and events around the world, visit our events page to see where we will be exhibiting next.




Microchip in the Press

View our latest announcements on products, corporate news and investor press announcements.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or about content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Subscribe to MicroSolutions

MIcroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information in each issue with updates on our new products and development tools You will also find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to pose your own question and receive feedback from the community.








 Global Sales and Distribution
 microchipDIRECT
 Samples




 Programming Center
 Samples FAQ
 Sales Support




 Find Your Sales Office
 Getting Started With Microchip Products





Subscribe to MicroSolutions

Published six times a year, MicroSolutions is a valuable resource that delivers the latest information to give you a competitive edge and help you meet your design goals. In each issue, you'll get an update on our new products and development tools, find design articles on a wide range of topics and learn about some innovative ways Microchip devices are being used by developers of a variety of applications.




Contact Us

If you have questions about products, tools, literature or content on our website, click here to find out how to contact Microchip.




Microchip Forums

Visit the Microchip forums to get more information on frequently asked questions or to engage with the community. You can pose your own questions and receive feedback.









Company Information 

About 
Corporate Overview 
Acquisitions 
Notice of Fraudulent Behavior 



Leadership 

Leadership Overview 
Board of Directors 
Appointed Officers 


 Investor Relations

Careers 

Careers Overview 
Microchip's Culture 
US Benefits 
Meet Your Recruiter 
Career Ladder 
Hiring Process 
Employee Testimonials 







Media Center 

Press Releases 
RSS Feeds 
Microchip Videos 


 MicroSolutions Digital Magazine
 Tradeshows and Events
 Academic Program





Corporate Responsibility 

Corporate Responsibility Overview 
Ethics and Conduct 
Sustainability 
Conflict Minerals 
Environment 
Community 
Products 
Customers 
Employees 
Environmental Health and Safety 



Legal Information 

Legal Information Overview 
General Product Legal Information 
Microchip Trademarks 
Microchip Patents 
Website Usage and Limitation of Liability 
Microchip Terms and Conditions of Sale 
Privacy Policy 
Copyrighted Material 
Procedure for Making a Claim of Copyrighted Infringement 


 Export Control Data
 Contact Us



























Products





8-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip is the market leader in 8-bit microcontrollers, including both PIC® and AVR® microcontrollers with easy-to-use development tools, complete technical documentation and post design-in support through a global sales and distribution network.  With unique peripherals, these devices allow you to perform application functions autonomously in hardware, and can be configured with our graphical programming environments and cloud-based tools to help reduce development time.





16-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip's 16-bit, PIC24 MCUs and dsPIC® Digital Signal Controllers deliver more performance, low power consumption, flexible peripherals, and a complete development ecosystem of software and hardware tools to speed your development.  With specialized peripherals for motor control, digital power conversion, low power security and advance analog integration, the 16-bit family offers a good compromise between low cost, low power and high performance.





32-bit PIC® Microcontrollers
Microchip's 32-bit portfolio, with both PIC32 and SAM devices, delivers high performance, with plenty of memory to solve increasingly complex embedded system design challenges.  From simple USB device connectivity to RTOS-driven graphical user interface applications with advanced audio processing, 32-bit devices can meet your most demanding design requirements. 






Amplifiers & Linear
Microchip's broad portfolio linear products featuring Amplifiers, Comparators and PGAs are ideal for wide variety of applications in industrial, medical, consumer and automotive markets for its low power consumption and small form factor.

Operational Amplifiers
Instrumentation Amplifiers
Comparators
PGA & SGA





Data Converters
Microchip's low cost D/A converter product families feature low power operation down to 175µA with 8, 10 and 12-bit resolutions. I2C or SPI interface, non-volatile memory and internal voltage reference options are available.

Analog–to–Digital Converters
DAC & Digital Potentiometers
Energy Measurement





Interface
Interface family are low cost, feature rich and helps reduce system costs which then increase robustness.

CAN
Ethernet 
Infrared
LIN
Serial Peripherals
USB






Motor Drivers
Microchip offers devices to drive bipolar stepper motors, or bidirectional control of two DC motors. MTS2916A and MTS62C19A offers features that helps with cost efficiency and meet market demands.




Power Management
Microchip strategizes on energy to reduce costs, manage risks and increase efficiency.

Battery Management 
Charge Pumps
CPU/System Supervisors
LDO Regulators
Power MOSFET Drivers 
Power MOSFETs 
Hybrid PWM Controllers
PWM Controllers 
Switching Regulators
Voltage Detectors





Safety & Security

Microchip offers a broad portfolio of low power  I.C.s for ionization and photoelectric smoke detection and CO detection. This offer includes analog front ends, piezoelectric horn drivers and complete solution I.C.s for traditional smoke detectors and and ten year smoke detectors.


﻿Horn Drivers 
Smoke and CO﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ 







Thermal Management
Temperature Sensors are useful in thermometer circuits, temperature compensation applications as well as a wide array of general purpose replacements for older thermistor technology.

Brushless DC Fan Controllers
Closed Loop Fan Controllers
Sensor Conditioning ICs
Temperature Sensors 





Memory
Microchip's broad portfolio of memory devices includes Serial EEPROM, Serial Flash, Parallel Flash, Serial SRAM and NVSRAM. Innovative low power designs and extensive testing have ensured industry leading robustness and endurance along with best-in-class quality.

Serial EEPROM
Serial SRAM
Serial Flash
Parallel Flash





Touch and Input Sensing
Microchip's award winning technology covers a broad range of implementations for touch and other input sensing applications. Engineers have the freedom to innovate with an industry leading, robust, touch implementation on our vast range of PIC microcontrollers.

Proximity, Keys and Sliders
Touch Screens and Touch Pads
3D Tracking and Gesture Sensing
Haptics






Wireless
Microchip offers a broad portfolio of wireless solutions which are cost effective and very easy to implement. Depending on your application requirements, you can choose the product that fits your needs.

Infrared
Power Amplifiers
Radio Frequency





Real-Time Clock
Microchip supports a wide range of Real-Time Clocks from basic low cost devices to a variety of mid-range devices that are highly integrated with a usable amount of non-volatile memory and a combination of features that are very effective when operating within a single battery backed clock device. With, both I2C and SPI RTCCs available, various applications can be supported at a price that is lower than competitive devices with fewer features and lower performance.

























PFC (Power Factor Correction) - Analog Devices Inc. - PFC (Power Factor Correction) | Online Catalog | DigiKey Electronics


















United States

1-800-344-4539


Change Country

English

USD


 Your item(s) View Cart Login orREGISTER LoginRegisterWhy Register





All ProductsAll ContentAudio ProductsBattery ProductsBoxes Enclosures RacksCable AssembliesCables Wires ManagementCables WiresCapacitorsCircuit ProtectionComputers Office Components AccessoriesConnectors InterconnectsCrystals and OscillatorsDevelopment Boards, Kits, ProgrammersDiscrete Semiconductor ProductsEmbedded ComputersFans Thermal ManagementFiltersHardware Fasteners AccessoriesInductors Coils ChokesIndustrial Controls MetersIntegrated CircuitsIsolatersKitsLine Protection Distribution BackupsMagnetics Transformer Inductor ComponentsMaker/DIY, EducationalMemory Cards ModulesMotors Solenoids Driver Boards ModulesNetworking SolutionsOptical Inspection EquipmentOptoelectronics Potentiometers Variable ResistorsPower Supplies Board MountPower Supplies External Internal Off-BoardPrototyping ProductsRelaysResistorsRF IF and RFIDSensors TransducersSoldering Desoldering Rework ProductsStatic Control ESD Clean Room ProductsSwitchesTape AdhesivesTest and MeasurementToolsTransformers





PRODUCTS MANUFACTURERS RESOURCESResearchAcademic ProgramArticlesBlog - TheCircuitContent LibraryEngineering ResourcesIndustrial AutomationIoT Product SelectorNewest ProductsProduct Training ModulesSensors Product SelectorTechForumVideo LibraryDesignConversion CalculatorsDevelopment ToolsEDA & Design ToolsMaker.ioReference Designs Scheme-it® Design ToolTechZones℠Search / OrderingBOM ManagerBrowser ResourcesOnline CatalogOrder StatusShopping Cart 













Search:


Suppliers:

Select a Supplier
----------------------------------------
3M
4D Systems Pty Ltd
Aavid Thermalloy
Abracon LLC
ACL Staticide Inc
Active-Semi International Inc.
Adafruit Industries LLC
Adapteva Inc.
Adesto Technologies
Advanced Linear Devices Inc.
Advanced Thermal Solutions Inc.
Advantech Corp
Aearo Technologies, LLC
Aeris
Aeroflex Metelics, Division of MACOM
AKM Semiconductor Inc.
All Sensors Corporation
Allegro MicroSystems, LLC
Alliance Memory, Inc.
Alliance Sensors Group
Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Inc.
Alpha Wire
Altera
Ambiq Micro, Inc.
American Electrical Inc.
American Hakko Products, Inc.
American Technical Ceramics
Ametherm
Amgis, LLC
Amphenol Advanced Sensors
Amphenol Aerospace Operations
Amphenol Anytek
Amphenol Commercial Products
Amphenol FCI
Amphenol Industrial Operations
Amphenol LTW
Amphenol PCD
Amphenol RF Division
Amphenol Sine Systems Corp
Amphenol SV Microwave
Ampleon USA Inc.
Amprobe
ams
AMS-TAOS USA Inc.
Amulet Technologies LLC
Analog Devices Inc.
Anaren
AnDAPT, Inc.
Antenova
Apacer Memory America
APEM Inc.
Apex Microtechnology
Apex Tool Group
API Delevan Inc.
APM Hexseal
Arduino
Aries Electronics
ARM
Artaflex Inc.
Artesyn Embedded Technologies
Assmann WSW Components
Astro Tool Corp
ATOP Technologies
ATP Electronics, Inc.
Aven Tools
Avery Dennison RFID
AVX Corp/Kyocera Corp
AVX Corporation
Azoteq (Pty) Ltd
B B Battery
B&B SmartWorx, Inc.
B&F Fastener Supply
B&K Precision
BEI Sensors
Bel Fuse Inc.
Bel Power Solutions
Belden Inc.
Bergquist
Bivar Inc.
BlueCreation
Bluetechnix GmbH
BNS Solutions
Bopla Enclosures
Bosch Connected Devices and Solutions
Bosch Sensortec
Bourns Inc.
Bridgelux
Broadcom Limited
Bud Industries
Bulgin
C&K
C-TON Industries
Caddock Electronics Inc.
Cal Test Electronics
Calmark/Birtcher
Cantherm
Capital Advanced Technologies
Carclo Technical Plastics
Cardinal Components Inc.
Carling Technologies
CEL
Central Semiconductor Corp
CH Products
Chemtronics
Cherry Americas LLC
Chip Quik Inc.
Cicoil
Cinch Connectivity Solutions
Cinch Connectivity Solutions AIM-Cambridge
Cinch Connectivity Solutions Johnson
Cinch Connectivity Solutions Midwest Microwave
Cinch Connectivity Solutions Semflex
Cinch Connectivity Solutions Trompeter
Cinch Connectivity Solutions Vitelec
Cirrus Logic Inc.
Citizen
Citizen Finedevice Co Ltd
CNC Tech
Comair Rotron
Comchip Technology
Conec
Connor-Winfield
Conxall/Switchcraft
Copal Electronics Inc.
Cornell Dubilier Electronics
Cosel USA, Inc.
Coto Technology
CR Magnetics Inc.
Cree Inc.
Cree/Wolfspeed
Critical Link LLC
Crouzet
Crydom Co.
Crystek Corporation
CTS Electrocomponents
CTS Resistor Products
CTS Thermal Management Products
CTS-Frequency Controls
CUI Inc.
Curtis Industries
Curtis Instruments Inc.
Custom Computer Services Inc.
CW Industries
Cynergy 3
Cypress Semiconductor Corp
Daburn Electronics
Davies Molding, LLC
Decawave Limited
Delta Electronics
Desco
DFRobot
Dialight
Dialog Semiconductor GmbH
Digi International
Digi-Key Electronics
Digi-Key Evaluation Boards
Digi-Key Kit
Digilent, Inc.
Digital Six Labs
Digital View Inc.
Diodes Incorporated
Displaytech
DLP Design Inc.
Dresden Elektronik
Dynastream Innovations Inc.
E Ink Corporation
E-Switch
E-T-A
E-Z-Hook
Easy Braid Co.
Eaton
ebm-papst Inc.
Echelon Corporation
ECS Inc.
EDAC Inc.
Electric Imp Inc.
Electronic Assembly GmbH
Electroswitch
Elna America
Embedded Artists
Energizer Battery Company
EnerSys
Enocean
EPC
EPCOS
EPSON
Epson Electronics America Inc-Semiconductor Div
Equinox Technologies
ERP Power, LLC
Essentra Components
Ethertronics Inc.
Everlight Electronics Co Ltd
Everspin Technologies Inc.
Exar Corporation
Excelitas Technologies
Excelsys Technologies Ltd
Fairchild/ON Semiconductor
FDK America, Inc., a member of Fujitsu Group
Fedco Batteries
FEIG Electronic
Ferroxcube
Finisar Corporation
Flambeau Inc.
FLIR
Fluke Electronics
Formerica Optoelectronics Inc.
Fox Electronics
Foxconn Optical Interconnect Technologies, Inc.
Fremont Micro Devices USA
FTDI, Future Technology Devices International Ltd
Fujitsu Electronics America, Inc.
Future Designs Inc.
GainSpan Corporation
GC Electronics
GE Critical Power
General Cable/Carol Brand
GeneSiC Semiconductor
GHI Electronics, LLC
Global Power Technologies Group
Global Specialties
Grayhill Inc.
Greenlee Communications
H&D Wireless AB
Hammond Manufacturing
HARTING
Harwin Inc.
Heatron Inc.
HellermannTyton
Heraeus Sensor Technology USA
Hirose Electric Co Ltd
Hirschmann
HITTITE MICROWAVE CORPORATION/ANALOG DEVICES INC.
Hoffman Enclosures, Inc.
Honeywell Microelectronics & Precision Sensors
Honeywell Sensing and Control EMEA
Honeywell Sensing and Productivity Solutions
Honeywell Sensing and Productivity Solutions T&M
IAR Systems Software Inc.
IDT, Integrated Device Technology Inc
Illinois Capacitor
Illumra
Industrial Fiberoptics
Infineon Technologies
Infineon Technologies Industrial Power and Controls Americas
Initial State Technologies, Inc.
Inphi Corporation
Insight SIP
Inspired LED, LLC
Intematix Corporation
Interlink Electronics
Intersil
Inventek Systems
Inventus Power
Isocom Components 2004 LTD
ISSI, Integrated Silicon Solution Inc
ITT Cannon, LLC
IXYS
IXYS Integrated Circuits Division
JAE Electronics
Jinlong Machinery & Electronics, Inc.
JKL Components Corp.
Johanson Dielectrics Inc.
Johanson Technology Inc.
Jonard Tools
JST Sales America Inc.
Judco Manufacturing Inc.
KEMET
Kennedy Labs, a division of Hub Incorporated
Kester Solder
Keystone Electronics
Khatod North America LLC
Kilo International
Kingbright
Kionix Inc.
Klein Tools, Inc.
Knowles
Knowles Novacap
Knowles Syfer
Knowles Voltronics
KSM Electronics Inc.
Kyocera International, Inc.
Laird - Embedded Wireless Solutions
Laird Technologies - Engineered Thermal Solutions
Laird Technologies - Thermal Materials
Laird Technologies EMI
Laird Technologies IAS
Laird-Signal Integrity Products
Lattice Semiconductor Corporation
Leader Tech Inc.
LED Engin Inc.
LEDdynamics Inc.
Ledil
LEM USA Inc.
LEMO
Lime Microsystems Ltd
Linear Technology
Link Labs Inc.
Linx Technologies Inc.
Lite-On Inc.
Littelfuse Inc.
LMB Heeger Inc.
LOCTITE
Logic
Logical Systems Inc.
Lumberg Automation
Lumex Opto/Components Inc.
Lumileds
Luminus Devices Inc.
Luna Optoelectronics
Luxo
M/A-Com Technology Solutions
Macronix
Maestro Wireless Solutions
Magnasphere Corp
Mallory Sonalert Products Inc.
Marktech Optoelectronics
Marlow Industries, Inc.
Master Appliance Co
Matrix Orbital
Maxim Integrated
Maxwell Technologies Inc.
McGraw-Hill Education
MEC Switches
Mechatronics Fan Group
MegaChips Technology America Corporation
Melexis Technologies NV
Memsic Inc.
MG Chemicals
Micro Commercial Co
Micro-Measurements
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology Inc.
Micronas GmbH
Microsemi Consumer Medical Product Group
Microsemi Corporation
Microsemi IRE Division
Microsemi PoE Ltd.
Microsemi Power Management Group
Microsemi Power Products Group
Microsemi SoC
Microsemi Solutions Sdn Bhd.
Microwave Technology Inc.
Mide Technology Corporation
MikroElektronika
Mill-Max Manufacturing Corp.
MMB Networks
Modular Cable Assemblies
Molex - Temp Flex
Molex Connector Corporation
Molex, LLC
Monolithic Power Systems Inc.
MPD
Mueller Electric Co
Multi-Tech Systems Inc.
Multicore
Murata Electronics North America
Murata Power Solutions Inc.
Nakagawa Manufacturing
NDK America, Inc.
Nearson Inc.
NessCap Co Ltd
NetBurner Inc.
Newava Technology Inc.
Newhaven Display Intl
Nexperia USA Inc.
Nichicon
NimbeLink, LLC
NJR Corporation/NJRC
NKK Switches
NMB Technologies Corporation
NorComp Inc.
Nordic Semiconductor ASA
Noritake Company Inc.
Nuvoton Technology Corporation of America
NVE Corp/Isolation Products
NVE Corp/Sensor Products
NXP USA Inc.
O'Reilly Media
Octavo Systems LLC
Ohmite
Olimex LTD
OmniVision Technologies Inc
Omron Automation and Safety
Omron Electronics Inc-EMC Div
ON Semiconductor
On Shore Technology Inc.
Oplink Communications, LLC
Option NV
Opto Diode Corp
Opulent Americas
Orion Fans
OSRAM Opto Semiconductors Inc.
Panasonic - BSG
Panasonic Electric Works
Panasonic Electronic Components
Panasonic Industrial Automation Sales
Panavise
Panduit Corp
Parallax Inc.
Parlex USA LLC
Patco Electronics
Patco Services Inc
Peerless by Tymphany
Peregrine Semiconductor
Phihong USA
Phoenix Contact
Phyton Inc.
Pimoroni Ltd
Pomona Electronics
Pontiac Coil Inc.
Portescap
Power Integrations
Powerex Inc.
PRD Plastics
Preci-Dip
Precision Design Associates, Inc
Precision Electronics Corporation
Precision Technology Inc.
Proant AB
PUI Audio, Inc.
PULS, LP
Pulsar
Pulse Electronics Corporation
Pulse Electronics Network
PulseLarsen Antennas
QT Brightek
Qualcomm
Qualtek
Quarton Inc.
Quatech-Division of B&B Electronics
Radial Magnet Inc.
Radiocrafts AS
RAFI USA
Raspberry Pi
RayVio Corporation
Recom Power
Red Lion Controls
Renesas Electronics America
RF Digital Corporation
RF Solutions
Richtek USA Inc.
Riedon
Rigado, Inc.
Rohm Semiconductor
Rose Enclosures
Rose+Krieger
RPM Systems Corp
Rubycon
RushUp
Sagrad Inc.
Samsung Electro-Mechanics America, Inc.
Samsung Semiconductor, Inc.
Samtec Inc.
Sanken
Sanyo Denki America Inc.
Schaffner EMC Inc.
Schroff
Schurter Inc.
SCS
Seeed Technology Co., Ltd
Segger Microcontroller Systems
Seiko Instruments
Semtech Corporation
Sensata Technologies/Airpax
Sensirion AG
Seoul Semiconductor Inc.
Serious Integrated Inc.
Serpac
SGX Sensortech
Sharp Microelectronics
Sierra Wireless
Sierra Wireless AirLink
Sigma Designs Inc.
Signal Transformer
SII Semiconductor Corporation
Silicon Labs
Siretta Ltd
SiTIME
Skyworks Solutions Inc.
SL Power Electronics Manufacture of Condor/Ault Brands
SMC Diode Solutions
Soberton Inc.
SolidRun LTD
Souriau
SparkFun Electronics
SPEC Sensors, LLC
Spectra Symbol
Spectrum Digital Inc
Sprague-Goodman
SSI Technologies Inc
Stackpole Electronics Inc.
Staco Energy Products Company
Standex-Meder Electronics
Stanley Electric Co
Steinel America
Steute Wireless
Stewart Connector
STMicroelectronics
Storm Interface
Sullins Connector Solutions
Sumida America Components Inc.
SunLED
Sunon Fans
Susumu
SVTronics Inc.
Swanstrom Tools USA
Swissbit
Switchcraft Inc.
Synapse Wireless
t-Global Technology
Tadiran Batteries
Taitien
Taiyo Yuden
Talema Group LLC
Tallysman Wireless Inc.
Talon Communications, Inc.
Tamura
Taoglas Limited
TDK Corporation
TDK InvenSense
TDK-Lambda Americas Inc.
TE Connectivity
TE Connectivity Aerospace, Defense and Marine
TE Connectivity ALCOSWITCH Switches
TE Connectivity AMP Connectors
TE Connectivity Corcom Filters
TE Connectivity Deutsch Connectors
TE Connectivity Deutsch ICT Connectors
TE Connectivity Measurement Specialties
TE Connectivity Passive Product
TE Connectivity Potter & Brumfield Relays
TE Connectivity Raychem Cable Protection
Techflex
TechNexion
TechTools
Telcodium Inc.
Teledyne LeCroy
Telit
Tensility International Corp
Terasic Inc.
Texas Instruments
ThingMagic, a JADAK brand
Thomas Research Products
Torex Semiconductor Ltd
Toshiba Semiconductor and Storage
TPI
TPK America LLC
Transphorm
Trenz Electronic GmbH
Triad Magnetics
Trinamic Motion Control GmbH
Tripp Lite
Tronics
TRP Connector B.V.
TSC America Inc.
TT Electronics/BI
TT Electronics/Optek Technology
Tusonix a Subsidiary of CTS Electronic Components
Twin Industries
TXC CORPORATION
U-Blox America Inc.
UDOO
United Chemi-Con
US Sensor
US-Lasers Inc.
Varitronix
Vector Electronics
Verivolt LLC
VersaLogic Corporation
VersaSense
Vicor Corporation
Viking Technology
Virtium Technology Inc.
Vishay BC Components
Vishay Beyschlag
Vishay Dale
Vishay Foil Resistors
Vishay Huntington Electric Inc.
Vishay Semiconductor Diodes Division
Vishay Semiconductor Opto Division
Vishay Sfernice
Vishay Siliconix
Vishay Spectrol
Vishay Sprague
Vishay Thin Film
Vishay Vitramon
Visual Communications Company - VCC
Volgen America/Kaga Electronics USA
Wakefield-Vette
Walsin Technology Corporation
Wandboard.Org
WeEn Semiconductors
Weidmuller
Wiha
Winbond Electronics
Winchester Electronics
Wintec Industries
WIZnet
Wurth Electronics Inc.
Wurth Electronics Midcom
Wurth Elektronik iBE
Xeltek
Xilinx Inc.
XMOS
XP Power
XSens Technologies BV
Yageo
ZF Electronics
Zilog




Online Catalog Home   >  Semiconductors, Development Tools  >  Power Management  >  PFC (Power Factor Correction)  >  PFC (Power Factor Correction)


Print this page




 

Texas Instruments
Low-Side



Analog Devices Inc.
PFC (Power Factor Correction)


 

Fairchild/ON Semiconductor
PFC (Power Factor Correction)







Images













PFC (Power Factor Correction)
Analog Devices - PFC (Power Factor Correction)

							Analog Devices Inc.
Digital power factor correction (PFC) controllers that provide accurate input power metering capability and inrush current control for ac to dc systems.

Datasheets



Datasheets:



													ADP1047/48






Specifications
Frequency - Switching:30kHz ~ 400kHzMode:Average CurrentMounting Type:Surface MountOperating Temperature:-40°C ~ 85°CPackaging:Tape & Reel (TR)Supplier Device Package:24-QSOPVoltage - Supply:3 V ~ 3.6 V
Parts

View in Parametric Search
ImageManufacturer Part NumberDescriptionModeFrequency - SwitchingCurrent - StartupVoltage - SupplyPackage / CaseRoHSADP1048ARQZ-R7IC DGTL PFC CTRLR 24QSOP        Average Current30kHz ~ 400kHz-3 V ~ 3.6 V24-SSOP (0.154", 3.90mm Width)ADP1047ARQZ-R7IC DGTL PFC CTRLR 24QSOP        Average Current30kHz ~ 400kHz-3 V ~ 3.6 V24-SSOP (0.209", 5.30mm Width)
View in Parametric Search

Associated Product










              					ADP1047 Evaluation Board


Category: 
            					Semiconductors, Development Tools-Programmers, Development Systems-Evaluation Boards-DC DC, AC DC (Off-Line) SMPS















              					ADP1047 and ADP1048 Daughter Card Evaluation Boards


Category: 
            					Semiconductors, Development Tools-Programmers, Development Systems-Evaluation Boards-Evaluation, Demo Boards, Kits-Power Management













Information
Terms & ConditionsBlog - TheCircuitTechForumAbout Digi-KeyContact UsNewsroomSite MapSupported BrowsersPrivacy StatementCareers

United States
sales@digikey.com
Toll Free: 1-800-344-4539Phone: 218-681-6674Fax: 218-681-3380




International
AfricaAsiaAustraliaEuropeMiddle EastNorth AmericaSouth America




Copyright © 1995-2017, Digi-Key Electronics.All Rights Reserved.701 Brooks Avenue South,Thief River Falls, MN 56701 USA










原理1頁 - MakeSop











                            歡迎您光臨本站
                                



















電路>原理 





 


mcu晶片公司 
 @ 晶片






 


mcu晶片行動電源 
 @ 晶片






 


mcu晶片概念股 
 @ 概念股






 


何謂mcu晶片 
 @ 何謂






 


mcu晶片 
 @ 晶片






 


電動bb槍原理 
 @ 電動






 


感應電動勢原理 
 @ 感應






 


電動麻將桌原理 
 @ 麻將






 


電動機車原理 
 @ 機車






 


電動推桿原理 
 @ 推桿






 


電動牙刷充電原理 
 @ 牙刷






 


電動窗簾原理 
 @ 窗簾






 


電動尾門原理 
 @ 電動






 


地磁測量實驗問題 
 @ 測量






 


地磁與磁矩測定實驗 
 @ 測定






 


地磁測定實驗誤差 
 @ 誤差






 


地磁測定實驗討論 
 @ 測定






 


地磁測定實驗 
 @ 測定






 


地磁測定實驗問題 
 @ 測定






 


管路漏水偵測器 
 @ 偵測器





<<
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
>>




熱門文章


皮秒755蜂巢雷射費用 

鼻胃管引流原理 

水位電極棒 

冷凍原理四大元件 

電子菸霧化器哪裡買 

皮秒雷射費用 

靜電貼紙原理 

伸縮捲線器原理 

德國非侵入血糖機 



最新文章


mcu晶片公司 

mcu晶片行動電源 

mcu晶片概念股 

何謂mcu晶片 

mcu晶片 

電動bb槍原理 

感應電動勢原理 

電動麻將桌原理 

電動機車原理 

 



    ﻿
    

    聯繫郵箱：（有任何問題請聯繫我們，我們會第一時間處理。）
        站點：
        MakeSop    

        版權所有 部份內容來源於互聯網，僅供參考，專業問題請諮詢專家。
    

 








PFC Device Inc.

























繁體中文





简体中文 






 



















 
 Products

 Rectifier
 MOSFET
 IGBT
 Bridge Rectifiers
 Packaging



Applications

 General Power
 Consumer
 Industrial
 Automotive



Support

 Quality
 PCN
  Application Note
 Package Info
 Package Outline



News

 Company News
 Product News



Investor Information

 Financial Highlights
Financial Reports
Announcements
Prospectus/Circulars
Securities Profile
Corporate Information



About Us

 Corporate Profile
 Vision Mission Philosophy
 Milestone
 Careers



Contact

 Contact Us
 Global Offices
 Distributors



















 
Home   ProductsRectifier












Products
/







 Rectifier




 MOSFET




 IGBT




 Bridge Rectifiers




 Packaging









                        ﻿




New Product









 SMAF-A



	PFC new development patterns SMAF-A package product for mobile phone charger and power supply applications Network & Communction need to develo...










 

 

 








Rectifier








		PFC rectifier at 30V ~ 300V product technology provides different packages type。

		30V ~ 60V  Voltage range- mainly focus on MOS Rectifier.

		80V ~ 120V  Voltage range- mainly focus on SLVF/HPTR Rectifier.

		150V ~ 300V  High voltage application, PFC provide MOS rectifier which can improve the efficiency of the customer's power and can help the heat dissipation.


	 

	    ► MOS Rectifier

	    ► SLVF / HPTR

	 



			As to MOS and SLVF Schottky Rectifier, PFC provides three VF level provides:

			(1) Standard VF (2) lowe VF (3) Super Low VF

			 

			Our advantages:

			(1) Low forward loss (2) Low reverse leakage (3) High surge capability (4) Better thermal stability





























 MOS Rectifier



	 

	
		
			
				
					It is composed of CMOS structure and fabricated by CMOS IC processing. 
					3 grades of VF are availab... 






















 SLVF/HPTR



	
		
			
				
					It combines super low VF and high speed switching with improved protection from voltage transients and enables the appli... 






















 SMAF-A



	PFC new development patterns SMAF-A package product for mobile phone charger and power supply applications Network & Communction need to develo... 









 

 





 


 
Part 
                                      number 
 
                                      Type                                    
 
                                      VF Level                                    
 
                                      Die                                    
 
                                      IF (A)                                    
 
                                      VB (V)                                    
 
                                      VF(V) 25℃                                    
 
                                      IR(uA) 25℃                                    
 
                                      VF(V) 125℃                                    
 
                                      IR(mA) 125℃                                    
 
                                      Package                                    
 
                                      IFSM(A)                                    
 
                                      Tj (℃)                                    


 
  
                                    

 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  MOS Schottky

								  SLVF Schottky

								  Standard Schottky


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  A

								  H

								  L

								  M

								  S

								  V


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  1

								  2


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  2

								  3

								  5

								  8

								  10

								  12

								  15

								  20

								  30

								  40

								  60


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  30

								  40

								  45

								  50

								  60

								  80

								  100

								  120

								  150

								  200

								  300


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  0.42

								  0.44

								  0.45

								  0.46

								  0.47

								  0.48

								  0.49

								  0.50

								  0.5

								  0.51

								  0.52

								  0.53

								  0.54

								  0.55

								  0.56

								  0.57

								  0.58

								  0.6

								  0.60

								  0.61

								  0.62

								  0.63

								  0.64

								  0.65

								  0.66

								  0.67

								  0.68

								  0.69

								  0.7

								  0.70

								  0.71

								  0.72

								  0.73

								  0.74

								  0.75

								  0.76

								  0.77

								  0.78

								  0.79

								  0.80

								  0.8

								  0.81

								  0.82

								  0.83

								  0.84

								  0.85

								  0.86

								  0.87

								  0.88

								  0.89

								  0.90

								  0.92

								  0.93

								  0.94

								  0.95

								  0.96

								  0.97

								  0.98

								  1.00

								  1

								  1.02

								  1.10

								  1.1

								  1.12

								  1.14

								  1.25


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  50

								  100

								  150

								  200

								  300

								  500

								  1000


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  --

								  ---

								  0.37

								  0.38

								  0.39

								  0.4

								  0.40

								  0.41

								  0.42

								  0.43

								  0.44

								  0.45

								  0.46

								  0.47

								  0.48

								  0.49

								  0.50

								  0.5

								  0.51

								  0.52

								  0.53

								  0.54

								  0.55

								  0.56

								  0.57

								  0.58

								  0.59

								  0.60

								  0.6

								  0.61

								  0.62

								  0.63

								  0.64

								  0.65

								  0.66

								  0.67

								  0.68

								  0.69

								  0.70

								  0.7

								  0.71

								  0.72

								  0.73

								  0.74

								  0.75

								  0.76

								  0.77

								  0.78

								  0.79

								  0.8

								  0.80

								  0.81

								  0.82

								  0.83

								  0.85

								  0.88

								  TBD


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  --

								  10

								  10 @100℃

								  15

								  18

								  20

								  22

								  25

								  30

								  35

								  40

								  45

								  50

								  75

								  100

								  150

								  50 @100oC

								  50 @100℃

								  @100℃  10

								  @100℃  15

								  @100℃  25

								  @100℃  30

								  @100℃  40

								  @100℃ 40


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  DFN 5*6

								  DO-15

								  DO-201AD

								  DO-41

								  ITO-220AB

								  R-6

								  SMA

								  SMAF-A

								  SMB

								  SMBF

								  TO-220AB

								  TO-247AB

								  TO-251

								  TO-252

								  TO-262AA

								  TO-263AB

								  TO-277


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  30

								  40

								  50

								  80

								  100

								  120

								  130

								  140

								  150

								  160

								  180

								  200

								  220

								  240

								  250

								  260

								  275

								  280

								  300

								  320

								  350

								  400


 
                                                                            Filter:  
All

								  -40~150

								  -45~150

								  -55~125

								  -55~150

								  -65~125

								  -65~150

								  -65~175

								  -65~200






 
                                      P10150D                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                     
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      150                                    
 
                                      0.88                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.78                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-252                                    
 
                                      80                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P10150E                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                     
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      150                                    
 
                                      0.88                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.78                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-251                                    
 
                                      80                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P10200D                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      200                                    
 
                                      0.90                                     
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.80                                     
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-252                                    
 
                                      80                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P10200E                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      200                                    
 
                                      0.90                                     
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.80                                     
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-251                                    
 
                                      80                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P10L150SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      150                                    
 
                                      0.83                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.72                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      180                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P10L200SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      200                                    
 
                                      0.86                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.75                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P10L300D                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.92                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.8                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-252                                    
 
                                      120                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P10L300E                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.92                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.8                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-251                                    
 
                                      120                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P10L300SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.92                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      0.81                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      180                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P10L45SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      45                                    
 
                                      0.50                                     
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.47                                     
 
                                      100                                     
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      160                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P10L60SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      60                                    
 
                                      0.65                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.60                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      160                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P10V45SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      V                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      45                                    
 
                                      0.47                                     
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.42                                     
 
                                      75                                     
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P10V50SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      V                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      0.48                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.45                                    
 
                                      75                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P10V60SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      V                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      60                                    
 
                                      0.51                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.48                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P1550SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      15                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      0.55                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.52                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P15L30SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      15                                    
 
                                      30                                    
 
                                      0.48                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.46                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      200                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P15L50N5                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      15                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      0.53                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.51                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      DFN 5*6                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      -40~150                                    





 
                                      P15L50SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      15                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      0.53                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.51                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P15L60SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      15                                    
 
                                      60                                    
 
                                      0.6                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.58                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P15V50N5                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      V                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      15                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      0.51                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.49                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      DFN 5*6                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      -40~150                                    





 
                                      P15V50SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      V                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      15                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      0.51                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.49                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P15V60N5                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      V                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      15                                    
 
                                      60                                    
 
                                      0.56                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.54                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      DFN 5*6                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      -40~150                                    





 
                                      P15V60SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      V                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      15                                    
 
                                      60                                    
 
                                      0.56                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.54                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P20150D                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                     
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      150                                    
 
                                      0.88                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.78                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-252                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P20150E                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                     
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      150                                    
 
                                      0.88                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.78                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-251                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P20200D                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      200                                    
 
                                      0.95                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.85                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-252                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P20200E                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      200                                    
 
                                      0.95                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.85                                    
 
                                      10                                    
 
                                      TO-251                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P2060D                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      60                                    
 
                                      0.70                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.65                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-252                                    
 
                                      120                                    
 
                                      -40~150                                    





 
                                      P2060E                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      S                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      60                                    
 
                                      0.70                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.65                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-251                                    
 
                                      120                                    
 
                                      -40~150                                    





 
                                      P20L45D                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      45                                    
 
                                      0.50                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.47                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-252                                    
 
                                      180                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P20L45E                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      45                                    
 
                                      0.50                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.47                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-251                                    
 
                                      180                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P20L50N5                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      0.60                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.55                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      DFN 5*6                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      -40~150                                    





 
                                      P20L50SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      0.60                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.56                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P20L60N5                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      60                                    
 
                                      0.62                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.58                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      DFN 5*6                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      -40~150                                    





 
                                      P20L60SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      60                                    
 
                                      0.65                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.61                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P20V45SP                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      V                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      45                                    
 
                                      0.52                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.48                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      TO-277                                    
 
                                      275                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P2V40A                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      V                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      2                                    
 
                                      40                                    
 
                                      0.42                                    
 
                                      1000                                    
 
                                      0.38                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      SMA                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P30L50N5                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      30                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      0.63                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.60                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      DFN 5*6                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      -40~150                                    





 
                                      P3L150A                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      150                                    
 
                                      0.88                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.73                                    
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      SMA                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P3L150F-A                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      150                                    
 
                                      0.88                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.73                                    
 
                                      20                                     
 
                                      SMAF-A                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P3L200A                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      200                                    
 
                                      0.90                                     
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.75                                     
 
                                      20                                     
 
                                      SMA                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P3L200B                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      200                                    
 
                                      0.90                                     
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.75                                     
 
                                      20                                     
 
                                      SMB                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P3L200F-A                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      200                                    
 
                                      0.90                                     
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.75                                     
 
                                      20                                     
 
                                      SMAF-A                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P3L300A                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.92                                     
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.83                                     
 
                                      20                                     
 
                                      SMA                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P3L300B                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.92                                     
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.83                                     
 
                                      20                                     
 
                                      SMB                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P3L300F-A                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      300                                    
 
                                      0.92                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      0.83                                     
 
                                      20                                    
 
                                      SMAF-A                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~175                                    





 
                                      P3L40A                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      40                                    
 
                                      0.50                                     
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.47                                     
 
                                      100                                     
 
                                      SMA                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P3L40F-A                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      40                                    
 
                                      0.5                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.47                                    
 
                                      @100℃  40                                    
 
                                      SMAF-A                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P3L45BF                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                     
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      45                                    
 
                                      0.53                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.51                                    
 
                                      100                                    
 
                                      SMBF                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    





 
                                      P3L45F-A                                    
 
                                      MOS Schottky                                    
 
                                      L                                    
 
                                      1                                    
 
                                      3                                    
 
                                      45                                    
 
                                      0.53                                    
 
                                      500                                    
 
                                      0.51                                    
 
                                      @100℃  40                                    
 
                                      SMAF-A                                    
 
                                      50                                    
 
                                      -65~150                                    




  
                              





Showing results 1 to 50 of 650 
								        
								  Show
                                    
10
20
50
100

                                    results perpage





                                                                                                                                
                                          01                                                                                                                                
                                                                                    02                                                                                      
                                                                                    03                                                                                      
                                                                                    04                                                                                      
                                                                                    05                                                                                      
                                                                                    06                                                                                      
                                                                                    07                                                                                      
                                                                                    08                                                                                      
                                                                                    09                                                                                      
                                                                                    10                                                                                      
                                                                                    11                                                                                      
                                                                                    12                                                                                      
                                                                                    13 Next 
                                            > 











 





















 






Products



Rectifier
MOSFET
IGBT
Bridge Rectifiers
Packaging





Applications



General Power
Consumer
Industrial
Automotive






Support



Quality
PCN
 Application Note
Package Info
Package Outline





News



Company News
Product News






Investor Information




Financial Highlights
Financial Reports
Announcements
Prospectus/Circulars
Securities Profile
Corporate Information






About Us



Corporate Profile
Vision Mission Philosophy
Milestone
Careers





Contact


Contact Us
Global Offices
Distributors








Stay Connected































 


 
Copyright © 2015 PFC Device Inc. All rights reserved



















電路1頁 - MakeSop











                            歡迎您光臨本站
                                



















電路 





 


led手電筒驅動電路 
 @ 手電筒






 


led驅動電路論文 
 @ 驅動






 


電容降壓電路 
 @ 電容






 


紅外線感應器 
 @ 感應器






 


感應器 
 @ 感應器






 


門窗磁簧感應器 
 @ 感應器






 


氣缸磁簧感應器 
 @ 感應器






 


磁簧感應器如何安裝 
 @ 感應器






 


無線磁簧感應器 
 @ 感應器






 


磁簧感應器 
 @ 感應器






 


高考消防技術 
 @ 消防






 


高考環保技術 
 @ 高考






 


高考生物技術 
 @ 高考






 


高考交通技術 
 @ 高考






 


高考衛生技術 
 @ 高考






 


積體電路製造技術 
 @ 積體電路






 


蝕刻製程模擬 
 @ 蝕刻






 


薄膜沉積製程模擬 
 @ 沉積






 


馬車cdi電路圖 
 @ 馬車






 


馬車cdi故障 
 @ 馬車





<<
 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 9
 10
 11
 12
 13
 14
 15
>>




熱門文章


南亞電路板技術員薪水 

電路元件符號表 

電路元件符號對照表 

ac馬達調速電路 

分離式冷氣機線路圖 

警報器電路 

如何洗電路板 

氣缸磁簧感應器 

光控警報器電路 



最新文章


led手電筒驅動電路 

led驅動電路論文 

電容降壓電路 

紅外線感應器 

感應器 

門窗磁簧感應器 

氣缸磁簧感應器 

磁簧感應器如何安裝 

無線磁簧感應器 

 



    ﻿
    

    聯繫郵箱：（有任何問題請聯繫我們，我們會第一時間處理。）
        站點：
        MakeSop    

        版權所有 部份內容來源於互聯網，僅供參考，專業問題請諮詢專家。
    

 











ADP1048 Datasheet and Product Info | Analog Devices





 


















 Global Please Select a Region  India Korea Singapore Taiwan LanguagePlease Select a LanguageBrowser Compatibility Issue: We no longer support this version of Internet Explorer. For optimal site performance we recommend you update your browser to the latest version.Update Microsoft Internet Explorer Print  My Analog ×Four Easy Search Tips1.Press the Enter key or click the Search Icon to get general search results2.Click a suggested result to go directly to that page3.Click Search to get general search results based on this suggestion4.On Search Results page use Filters found in the left hand column to refine your search
Enable javascript









ADP1048




								Digital Power Factor Correction Controller with accurate AC Power Metering
							








Recommended for New Designs

















                         Overview

                     



                         Evaluation Kits

                     



                         Documentation

                     



                         Software & Systems Requirements

                     



                         Reference Materials

                     



                         Design Resources

                     



                         Discussions

                     



                         Sample & Buy

                     











        Manufactured by:
        


























































PDF

Data Sheet
   Rev. 
                                                                                        0

                                                                                      





View All







PDF

Power Reference Designs






View All










×



Print


















Features and Benefits 




Flexible digital power factor correction (PFC) controller
Single phase operation (ADP1047); interleaved and bridgeless operation (ADP1048)
True rms ac power metering
Enhanced dynamic response
Optimized light load efficiency performance 
    Output voltage adjustment
Frequency reduction
Inrush current control
Switching frequency spread spectrum for improved EMI
External frequency synchronization




PMBus compliant
Programmable ac line fault detection and protection
    Programmable output fault detection and protection
Extensive fault protection for high reliability systems
Frequency range from 30 kHz to 400 kHz
8 kB EEPROM
Programming via easy-to-use graphical user interface (GUI)
Download ADP1048W Automotive Data Sheet (pdf)









        Product Categories
    
 Power Management


Digital PFC Controllers with Power Metering













Product Details

The ADP1047/ADP1048 are digital power factor correction (PFC) controllers that provide accurate input power metering capability and inrush current control for ac/dc systems. The ADP1047 is designed for single phase PFC applications; the ADP1048 is designed especially for interleaved and bridgeless PFC applications.
The digital PFC function is based on a conventional boost PFC with multiplication of the output voltage feedback combined with the input current and voltage to provide optimum harmonic correction and power factor for ac/dc systems. All signals are converted into the digital domain to provide maximum flexibility; all key parameters can be reported and adjusted via the PMBus™ interface. The ADP1047/ADP1048 allow users to optimize system performance, maximize efficiency across the load range, and reduce design time to market.
The ADP1047/ADP1048 provide accurate rms measurement of input voltage, current, and power. This information can be reported to the microcontroller of the power supply via the
PMBus interface.
Applications





AC/DC power supplies for applications
    Computing Server & Storage
    
    Network and communication infrastructure
    
    Industrial and Medical












                                            Comparable Parts
                                        
Click to see all in Parametric Search





                                        Comparable Parts
                                    
Click to see all in Parametric Search












Product Lifecycle


Recommended for New Designs

This product has been released to the market. The data sheet contains all final specifications and operating conditions. For new designs, ADI recommends utilization of these products.











Evaluation Kits
(2)

X
+














EVAL-ADP1048
ADP1048 600W Power PFC Evaluation Board




EVAL-ADP-I2C-USB
USB to I2C Interface Connector










See All Evaluation Kits











EVAL-ADP1048


<  Prev
Next   >







EVAL-ADP1048 Circuit Diagram





















Product Details

The evaluation board features an interleaved boost PFC topology operating at 100KHz switching frequency. Its output is rated at deliver 385V, 600W with a universal AC input ranging from 85-265V. The board features the ADP1048 digital controller for offering power factor correction and accurate AC power metering. It also provides protection features like AC line fault protection, OCP and OVP.






View Detailed Evaluation Kit Information





Features & Benefits

Interleaved Boost PFC topology providing high power factor and low THD
Accurate AC Power Metering
Current balancing between two phases
High efficiency
Protection features for AC line input and high voltage output
Low component count
Programmable response to faults
Programmable inrush control
Test points for users to quickly and easily evaluate the key features of ADP1048







Software



ADP1047/ADP1048 Software, Ver. 2.2.9
                                                                                        ZIP



                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                 47.58 M
                                                                            











EVAL-ADP-I2C-USB


<  Prev
Next   >




Product Details

                                                                    The USB to I2C interface is used for communicating between a digital power management device (like the ADP1043A) and the configuration software that runs on a computer. It also supplies 5V and 0.5A to power up the daughter card / evaluation boards.


This same USB to I2C interface connector is used for the ADP1043A, ADP1047, ADP1048, and other digital power management devices.






View Detailed Evaluation Kit Information


























Documentation

X
+


















4See All






2Data Sheets






1Application Notes






1Evaluation Kit Manuals















                                                                                            ADP1048W: Digital Power Factor Correction Controller with Accurate AC Power Metering Data Sheet (Rev. 0)
                                                                                        
PDF




                                                                                        
                                                                                        
 1.35 M                                                
                                                   
                                           
                                                  
                                                                                    





 PDF



                                                                               
                                                                                
 1.35 M                                                                            








                                                                                            ADP1047/ADP1048: Digital Power Factor Correction Controller with Accurate AC Power Metering Data Sheet (Rev. 0)
                                                                                        
PDF




                                                                                        
                                                                                        
1781 kB                                                
                                                   
                                           
                                                  
                                                                                    





 PDF



                                                                               
                                                                                
1781 kB                                                                            














                                                                                            ADP1047/ADP1048 Advanced Power Metering (Rev. AN-1145)
                                                                                        
PDF




                                                                                        
                                                                                        
212 kB                                                
                                                   
                                           
                                                  
                                                                                    





 PDF



                                                                               
                                                                                
212 kB                                                                            












ADP1047/ADP1048 Evaluation Documentation
                                                                                       
                                                                                    







 
                                                                                                    ADP1047 300 Watt Evaluation Kit
                                                                                                        PDF

 Describes how to use the ADP1047 300 Watt Evaluation Board
 
                                                                                                    ADP1048 600W Evaluation Kit
                                                                                                        PDF

 Describes how to use the evaluation board and its ADP1048 acting as boost power factor correction circuit with a rated load of 600W from an input of 85Vrms to 265Vrms.

ADP1047-ADP1048 Daughter Card
                                                                                                       


























Software & Systems Requirements
X+












Evaluation Software




                                                                ADP1047/ADP1048 Software, Ver. 2.2.9
                                                                    ZIP


  47.58 M






ADP1047/ADP1048 Evaluation Software Reference Guide
                                                                               








































Reference Materials

X
+


















5See All
                                                    







1Power Reference Designs
                                                        







2Technical Articles
                                                        







1Videos
                                                        







1Press Release
                                                        












Power Reference Designs
                                                                    

ADP1048 Bridgeless PFC Evaluation Kit

This evaluation board features the ADP1048 in a switching power supply application. With the evaluation board and...




Technical Articles
                                                                    

Designing Digital Power Supplies With A State Machine





Technical Articles
                                                                    

MS-2326-1: Easy to Use PFC Benefits Motor Control Applications






Videos
Digital Power Factor Correction with Accurate Power Metering
Digital Power Factor Correction with Accurate Power Metering








Press Release
                                                                

Analog Devices’ Next Generation of Digital Power Controllers with PMBus...






















Design Resources

X
+












ADI has always placed the highest emphasis on delivering products that meet the maximum levels of quality and reliability. We achieve this by incorporating quality and reliability checks in every scope of product and process design, and in the manufacturing process as well.  "Zero defects" for shipped products is always our goal. 




ADP1048 Material Declaration


PCN-PDN Information
Quality And Reliability
Symbols and Footprints













Discussions
X+













ADP1048 Discussions



ADp1048 : How to interpret the values in ADVANCED INPUT POWER METERING?

17 week(s) ago
in Power Management



ADP1048




ADP1048 - is is possible to use the ADP1048 with higher input frequencies?



All ADP1048 Discussions






                                            Didn't find what you were looking for?
                                        


                                                    Ask the Analog community »
                                                

















Sample & Buy
X+



















                                                Back
                                            








                                                                    Select a country











                                                Check Inventory
                                            





The USA list pricing shown is for BUDGETARY USE ONLY, shown in United States dollars (FOB USA per unit for the stated volume), and is subject to change. International prices may differ due to local duties, taxes, fees and exchange rates. For volume-specific price or delivery quotes, please contact your local Analog Devices, Inc. sales office or authorized distributor. Pricing displayed for Evaluation Boards and Kits is based on 1-piece pricing.


Price Table Help




×ClosePrice Table HelpPrint



Model| Package |
Pins | Temp. range
| Packing Qty. | 
Price | Rohs | Orders from Analog
Devices


Model

The model number is a specific version of a generic that can be purchased or sampled.




Status

Status indicates the current lifecycle of the product. This can be one of 4 stages:



Pre-Release: The model has not been released to general production, but samples
    may be available. 
Production: The model is currently being produced, and generally available for purchase
    and sampling. 
Last Time Buy: The model has been scheduled for obsolescence, but may still be purchased
    for a limited time. 
Obsolete: The specific part is obsolete and no longer available. Other models listed
    in the table may still be available (if they have a status that is not obsolete).
    



Package Description

The package for this IC (i.e. DIP, SOIC, BGA). An Evaluation Board is a board engineered
to show the performance of the model, the part is included on the board.



For detailed drawings and chemical composition please consult our 
Package Site.




Pin Count

Pin Count is the number of pins, balls, or pads on the device. Pin-out diagrams
& pin function descriptions may be found in the datasheet.




Temperature Range 

This is the acceptable operating range of the device. The various ranges specified
are as follows:



Commercial: 0 to +70 degrees Celsius
Military : -55 to +125 degrees Celsius

    Industrial: Temperature ranges may vary by model. Please consult the datasheet for
    more information.
Automotive: -40 to +125 degrees Celsius



Packing, Qty

Indicates the packing option of the model (Tube, Reel, Tray, etc.) and the standard
quantity in that packing option.




Price

The USA list pricing shown is for BUDGETARY USE ONLY, shown in United States dollars
(FOB USA per unit for the stated volume), and is subject to change. International
prices may differ due to local duties, taxes, fees and exchange rates. For volume-specific
price or delivery quotes, please contact your local Analog Devices, Inc. sales office
or authorized distributor. Pricing displayed for Evaluation Boards and Kits is based
on 1-piece pricing.




Production Availability

This is the date Analog Devices, Inc. anticipates that the product will ship from
the warehouse. Most orders ship within 48 hours of this date.Once an order has been
placed, Analog Devices, Inc. will send an Order Acknowledgement email to confirm
your delivery date. It is important to note the scheduled dock date on the order
entry screen. We do take orders for items that are not in stock, so delivery may
be scheduled at a future date. Also, please note the warehouse location for the
product ordered. We have warehouses in the United States, Europe and Southeast Asia.
Transit times from these sites may vary.

Sample availability may be better than production availability. Please enter samples
into your cart to check sample availability.




RoHS Compliant

Due to environmental concerns, ADI offers many of our products in lead-free versions.
For more information about lead-free parts, please consult our 
Pb (Lead) free information page.




View PCN/PDN

This is the list of Product Change Notifications (PCN) and Product Discontinuance
Notifications (PDN) published on the web for this model. Click on the link to access
PCN/PDN information. Online PCNs are available starting in 2009 and online PDNs
are available starting in 2010. To obtain older PCNs or PDNs, contact your ADI Sales
Rep. For more information on ADI's PCN/PDN process, please visit our 
PCN/PDN Information page.




Check Inventory/Purchase/Sample

The Purchase button will be displayed if model is available for purchase online
at Analog Devices or one of our authorized distributors. Select the purchase button
to display inventory availability and online purchase options.The Sample button
will be displayed if a model is available for web samples. If a model is not available
for web samples, look for notes on the product page that indicate how to request
samples or Contact ADI.








 




                                                Evaluation Boards  
                                                Pricing displayed is based on 1-piece.







                                                Back
                                            




                                                Add to cart
                                            









                                                                    Select a country
                                                                











                                                Check Inventory
                                            



 
                                                Pricing displayed is based on 1-piece. The USA list pricing shown is for budgetary use only, shown in United States dollars (FOB USA per unit), and is subject to change. International prices may vary due to local duties, taxes, fees and exchange rates.









 
                                                Save to myAnalog


                                            Sign in to myAnalog
                                        



























Region

India


Korea


Singapore


Taiwan




Languages


English


简体中文


日本語


Руccкий









                                English













                                简体中文













                                日本語













                                Руccкий





















 






Products Viewed



Products viewed will be listed here.





Categories Viewed



Categories viewed will be listed here.





Pages Viewed



Pages viewed will be listed here.









X







 




Categories



Amplifiers



Amplifiers




ADC Drivers



ADC Drivers




Fully Differential Amplifiers



Fully Differential Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Fully Differential Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Single-Ended Amplifiers (Op-Amp)



Single-Ended Amplifiers (Op-Amp)






                                                                                                                    Single-Ended Amplifiers (Op-Amp)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Single-Ended to Differential Amplifiers



Single-Ended to Differential Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Single-Ended to Differential Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Differential Amplifiers



Differential Amplifiers




Fully Differential Amplifiers 



Fully Differential Amplifiers 






                                                                                                                    Fully Differential Amplifiers 
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Single-Ended to Differential Amplifiers



Single-Ended to Differential Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Single-Ended to Differential Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Instrumentation Amplifiers



Instrumentation Amplifiers






                                                                                                Instrumentation Amplifiers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Isolation Amplifiers



Isolation Amplifiers






                                                                                                Isolation Amplifiers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Operational Amplifiers (Op Amps)



Operational Amplifiers (Op Amps)






                                                                                                All Op Amps
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Current Feedback Amplifiers



Current Feedback Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Current Feedback Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







General Purpose Amplifiers



General Purpose Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    General Purpose Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







High Output Current Amplifiers ≥ 100mA



High Output Current Amplifiers ≥ 100mA






                                                                                                                    High Output Current Amplifiers ≥ 100mA
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







High Speed Amplifiers (Bandwidth ≥ 50MHz)



High Speed Amplifiers (Bandwidth ≥ 50MHz)






                                                                                                                    High Speed Amplifiers (Bandwidth ≥ 50MHz)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







High Voltage Amplifiers ≥12V



High Voltage Amplifiers ≥12V






                                                                                                                    High Voltage Amplifiers ≥12V
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







JFET Input Amplifiers



JFET Input Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    JFET Input Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Low Input Bias Current Amplifiers (<100 pA)



Low Input Bias Current Amplifiers (<100 pA)






                                                                                                                    Low Input Bias Current Amplifiers (<100 pA)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Low Noise Amplifiers (≤ 10nV/√Hz)



Low Noise Amplifiers (≤ 10nV/√Hz)






                                                                                                                    Low Noise Amplifiers (≤ 10nV/√Hz)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Low Power Amplifiers (< 1mA/amp)



Low Power Amplifiers (< 1mA/amp)






                                                                                                                    Low Power Amplifiers (< 1mA/amp)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Low Voltage Amplifiers (<6V)



Low Voltage Amplifiers (<6V)






                                                                                                                    Low Voltage Amplifiers (<6V)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Precision Amplifiers (Vos <1mV & TCVos<2uV/C)



Precision Amplifiers (Vos <1mV & TCVos<2uV/C)






                                                                                                                    Precision Amplifiers (Vos <1mV & TCVos<2uV/C)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Rail-to-Rail Amplifiers



Rail-to-Rail Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Rail-to-Rail Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Zero-Drift Amplifiers



Zero-Drift Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Zero-Drift Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










RF Amplifiers



RF Amplifiers






                                                                                                All RF Amplifiers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Driver Amplifiers



Driver Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Driver Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Fully Differential Amplifiers



Fully Differential Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Fully Differential Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Gain Blocks



Gain Blocks






                                                                                                                    Gain Blocks
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Low Noise Amplifier



Low Noise Amplifier






                                                                                                                    Low Noise Amplifier
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Power Amplifiers



Power Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Power Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







RF Amplifiers Bias Controllers



RF Amplifiers Bias Controllers






                                                                                                                    RF Amplifiers Bias Controllers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Wideband Distributed Amplifiers



Wideband Distributed Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Wideband Distributed Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










RF Power Detectors



RF Power Detectors






                                                                                                All RF Power Detectors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




non-RMS Responding Power Detectors



non-RMS Responding Power Detectors






                                                                                                                    non-RMS Responding Power Detectors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







RMS Responding Power Detectors



RMS Responding Power Detectors






                                                                                                                    RMS Responding Power Detectors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Translinear Logarithmic Amplifiers



Translinear Logarithmic Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Translinear Logarithmic Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Specialty Amplifiers



Specialty Amplifiers




CATV Line Drivers



CATV Line Drivers






                                                                                                                    CATV Line Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Charge Integrator Amplifiers



Charge Integrator Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Charge Integration Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Current Sense Amplifiers



Current Sense Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Current Sense Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Difference Amplifiers



Difference Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Difference Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Industrial 4-20mA Driver



Industrial 4-20mA Driver






                                                                                                                    Industrial 4-20mA Driver
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







LVDT Sensor Amplifiers



LVDT Sensor Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    LVDT Sensor Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







non-RMS Responding Power Detectors



non-RMS Responding Power Detectors






                                                                                                                    non-RMS Responding Power Detectors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Optical Transimpedance Amplifiers



Optical Transimpedance Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Optical Transimpedance Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Photo Detector with Integrated Transimpedance Amplifiers



Photo Detector with Integrated Transimpedance Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Photo Detector with Integrated Transimpedance Amplifier
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Power Monitors



Power Monitors






                                                                                                                    Power Monitors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Sample/Track and Hold Amplifiers



Sample/Track and Hold Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Sample/Track and Hold
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Thermocouple Interface Amplifiers



Thermocouple Interface Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Thermocouple Interface Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Video RF Splitters



Video RF Splitters






                                                                                                                    Video RF Splitters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







xDSL Line Drivers



xDSL Line Drivers






                                                                                                                    xDSL Line Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Variable Gain Amplifiers



Variable Gain Amplifiers






                                                                                                All VGAs
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Analog Control VGAs



Analog Control VGAs






                                                                                                                    Analog Control VGAs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Baseband Programmable VGA-Filters



Baseband Programmable VGA-Filters






                                                                                                                    Baseband Programmable VGA-Filters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Digital Control VGAs



Digital Control VGAs






                                                                                                                    Digital Control VGAs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Video Amplifiers & Analog Video Functions



Video Amplifiers & Analog Video Functions




Analog Input Encoders



Analog Input Encoders






                                                                                                                    Analog Input Encoders
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Buffered Analog Crosspoint Switches



Buffered Analog Crosspoint Switches






                                                                                                                    Buffered Analog Crosspoint Switches
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Buffered Analog Multiplexers



Buffered Analog Multiplexers






                                                                                                                    Buffered Analog Multiplexers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







CAT-5 Cable Equalizers



CAT-5 Cable Equalizers






                                                                                                                    CAT-5 Cable Equalizers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







CAT-5 Video Drivers



CAT-5 Video Drivers






                                                                                                                    CAT-5 Video Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







CAT-5 Video Receivers



CAT-5 Video Receivers






                                                                                                                    CAT-5 Video Receivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







CAT-5 Video Variable Filters



CAT-5 Video Variable Filters






                                                                                                                    CAT-5 Video Variable Filters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Video Buffers



Video Buffers






                                                                                                                    Video Buffers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Video Op Amps



Video Op Amps






                                                                                                                    Video Op Amps
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Video RF Splitters



Video RF Splitters






                                                                                                                    Video RF Splitters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













A/D Converters



A/D Converters






                                                                            A/D Converters
                                                                            (Parametric Search)




High Speed ADC > 10MSPS



High Speed ADC > 10MSPS






                                                                                                All High Speed ADC > 10MSPS
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Integrated/Special Purpose Converters



Integrated/Special Purpose Converters




Audio CODECS



Audio CODECS






                                                                                                                    Audio CODECs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Capacitive to Digital and Touch Screen Controllers



Capacitive to Digital and Touch Screen Controllers






                                                                                                                    All Capacitive to Digital and Touch Screen Controllers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Digital Temperature Sensors



Digital Temperature Sensors






                                                                                                                    Digital Temperature Sensors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Energy Metering ICs



Energy Metering ICs






                                                                                                                    All Energy Metering ICs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







IF/RF Receivers



IF/RF Receivers






                                                                                                                    IF/RF Receivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)



Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)






                                                                                                                    Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Quadrature Digital Up Converters (QDUC)



Quadrature Digital Up Converters (QDUC)






                                                                                                                    Quadrature Digital Up Converters (QDUC)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Resistive Touch Controllers



Resistive Touch Controllers






                                                                                                                    Resistive Touch Controllers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Synchro/Resolver to Digital Converters



Synchro/Resolver to Digital Converters






                                                                                                                    Synchro/Resolver to Digital
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Video CODECs



Video CODECs






                                                                                                                    Video CODECs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Voltage to Frequency Converters



Voltage to Frequency Converters






                                                                                                                    Voltage to Frequency Converters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Precision ADC ≤ 10MSPS



Precision ADC ≤ 10MSPS






                                                                                                All Precision ADC ≤ 10 MSPS
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




A/D & D/A Converter Combinations



A/D & D/A Converter Combinations






                                                                                                                    A/D & D/A Converter Combinations
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated A/D Converters



Isolated A/D Converters






                                                                                                                    Isolated A/D Converters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Multi Channel A/D Converters



Multi Channel A/D Converters






                                                                                                                    Multi Channel A/D Converters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Simultaneous Sampling A/D Converters



Simultaneous Sampling A/D Converters






                                                                                                                    Simultaneous Sampling A/D Converters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Single Channel A/D Converters



Single Channel A/D Converters






                                                                                                                    Single Channel A/D Converters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













Application Specific



Application Specific




Automatic Test Equipment



Automatic Test Equipment




DPS & PMU



DPS & PMU






                                                                                                                    DPS & PMU
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Pin Drivers



Pin Drivers






                                                                                                                    Pin Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Automotive



Automotive




Automotive Radar



Automotive Radar






                                                                                                                    Automotive Radar
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Industrial



Industrial




A/D & D/A Converter Combinations



A/D & D/A Converter Combinations






                                                                                                                    A/D & D/A Converter Combinations
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Industrial Battery Manufacturing



Industrial Battery Manufacturing






                                                                                                                    Industrial Battery Manufacturing
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Medical



Medical




Computer Tomography (CT)



Computer Tomography (CT)






                                                                                                                    Computer Tomography (CT)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Digital XRay



Digital XRay






                                                                                                                    Digital XRay
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







ECG



ECG






                                                                                                                    ECG
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Healthcare Meter-on-a-Chip



Healthcare Meter-on-a-Chip






                                                                                                                    Healthcare Meter-on-a-Chip
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Ultrasound



Ultrasound






                                                                                                                    Ultrasound
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Military/Aerospace



Military/Aerospace




Aerospace



Aerospace





Aerospace






Military



Military





Military









Multi-Chip



Multi-Chip





Multi Chip









Audio & Video Products



Audio & Video Products




Analog/HDMI/DVI Interfaces



Analog/HDMI/DVI Interfaces






                                                                                                All HDMI & DVI Interface Devices
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Analog HDMI/DVI Display Interfaces



Analog HDMI/DVI Display Interfaces






                                                                                                                     Analog HDMI/DVI Display Interfaces
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







HDMI Receivers



HDMI Receivers






                                                                                                                    HDMI Receivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







HDMI Transceivers



HDMI Transceivers






                                                                                                                    HDMI Transceivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







HDMI/DVI Switches



HDMI/DVI Switches






                                                                                                                    HDMI/DVI Switches
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







HDMI/DVI Transmitters



HDMI/DVI Transmitters






                                                                                                                    HDMI/DVI Transmitters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Audio A/D Converters



Audio A/D Converters






                                                                                                Audio A/D Converters
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Audio Amplifiers



Audio Amplifiers






                                                                                                All Audio Amplifiers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Audio Line Drivers and Receivers



Audio Line Drivers and Receivers






                                                                                                                    Audio Line Drivers and Receivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Class-D Audio Amplifiers



Class-D Audio Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Class-D Audio Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Mic/Pre-Amp Audio Products



Mic/Pre-Amp Audio Products






                                                                                                                    Mic/Pre-Amp  Audio Products
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Audio CODECs



Audio CODECs






                                                                                                Audio CODECs
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Audio D/A Converters



Audio D/A Converters






                                                                                                Audio D/A Converters
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Audio Signal Processors



Audio Signal Processors






                                                                                                All Audio Signal Processors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Blackfin Processors



Blackfin Processors






                                                                                                                    Blackfin Processors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







SHARC Processors



SHARC Processors






                                                                                                                    SHARC Processors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







SigmaDSP Audio Processors



SigmaDSP Audio Processors






                                                                                                                    SigmaDSP Audio Processors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







SigmaDSP Processors for TV



SigmaDSP Processors for TV






                                                                                                                    SigmaDSP Processors for TV
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Automotive Audio Bus®



Automotive Audio Bus®






                                                                                                Automotive Audio Bus
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Camera/Camcorder Analog Front Ends



Camera/Camcorder Analog Front Ends






                                                                                                Camera/Camcorder Analog Front Ends
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Display Driver Electronics



Display Driver Electronics




Analog LCD Display Drivers



Analog LCD Display Drivers






                                                                                                                    Analog LCD Display Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Digital LCD Display Drivers



Digital LCD Display Drivers






                                                                                                                    Digital LCD Display Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Lens Driver Components



Lens Driver Components






                                                                                                Lens Driver Components
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Sample Rate Converters



Sample Rate Converters






                                                                                                Sample Rate Converters
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Video Amplifiers & Analog Video Functions



Video Amplifiers & Analog Video Functions




Analog Input Encoders



Analog Input Encoders






                                                                                                                    Analog Input Encoders
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Buffered Analog Crosspoint Switches



Buffered Analog Crosspoint Switches






                                                                                                                    Buffered Analog Crosspoint Switches
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Buffered Analog Multiplexers



Buffered Analog Multiplexers






                                                                                                                    Buffered Analog Multiplexers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







CAT-5 Cable Equalizers



CAT-5 Cable Equalizers






                                                                                                                    CAT-5 Cable Equalizers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







CAT-5 Video Drivers



CAT-5 Video Drivers






                                                                                                                    CAT-5 Video Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







CAT-5 Video Receivers



CAT-5 Video Receivers






                                                                                                                    CAT-5 Video Receivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







CAT-5 Video Variable Filters



CAT-5 Video Variable Filters






                                                                                                                    CAT-5 Video Variable Filters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Video Buffers



Video Buffers






                                                                                                                    Video Buffers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Video Op Amps



Video Op Amps






                                                                                                                    Video Op Amps
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Video RF Splitters



Video RF Splitters






                                                                                                                    Video RF Splitters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Video CODECs



Video CODECs






                                                                                                Video CODECs
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Video Compression



Video Compression






                                                                                                Video Compression
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Video Decoders



Video Decoders






                                                                                                Video Decoders
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Video Encoders



Video Encoders




Analog Input Encoders



Analog Input Encoders






                                                                                                                    Analog Input Encoders
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Video D/A Converters



Video D/A Converters






                                                                                                                    Video D/A Converters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













Broadband



Broadband




Broadband Amplifiers



Broadband Amplifiers




CATV Line Drivers



CATV Line Drivers






                                                                                                                    CATV Line Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







xDSL Line Drivers



xDSL Line Drivers






                                                                                                                    xDSL Line Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Clock and Data Recovery/Retiming



Clock and Data Recovery/Retiming






                                                                                                Clock and Data Recovery/Retiming
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Digital Crosspoint Switches



Digital Crosspoint Switches






                                                                                                Digital Crosspoint Switch
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







IF/RF Receivers



IF/RF Receivers






                                                                                                IF/RF Receivers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)



Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)






                                                                                                Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Video RF Splitters



Video RF Splitters






                                                                                                Video RF Splitters
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)










Clock & Timing



Clock & Timing




Clock Generation & Distribution



Clock Generation & Distribution






                                                                                                All Clock Generation & Distribution
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Clock Distribution Devices



Clock Distribution Devices






                                                                                                                    Clock Distribution Devices
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Clock Dividers



Clock Dividers






                                                                                                                    Clock Dividers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Clock Generation Devices



Clock Generation Devices






                                                                                                                    Clock Generation Devices
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Clock Synchronization



Clock Synchronization






                                                                                                                    Clock Synchronization
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Signal Generators



Signal Generators






                                                                                                                    Signal Generators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Time Delays



Time Delays






                                                                                                                    Time Delays
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Direct Digital Synthesis



Direct Digital Synthesis






                                                                                                All DDS
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Phase Locked Loop (PLL)



Phase Locked Loop (PLL)






                                                                                                All PLLs
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Fractional-N PLLs



Fractional-N PLLs






                                                                                                                    Fractional-N PLLs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Integer-N PLLs



Integer-N PLLs






                                                                                                                    Integer-N PLLs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







PLLs with Integrated VCOs



PLLs with Integrated VCOs






                                                                                                                    PLLs with Integrated VCOs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













D/A Converters



D/A Converters






                                                                            All D/A Converters
                                                                            (Parametric Search)




Digital Potentiometers



Digital Potentiometers






                                                                                                Digitial Potentiometers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







High Speed DAC ≥30MSPS



High Speed DAC ≥30MSPS






                                                                                                High Speed DAC ≥30MSPS
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Precision DAC



Precision DAC






                                                                                                Precision DAC
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




A/D & D/A Converter Combinations



A/D & D/A Converter Combinations






                                                                                                                    A/D & D/A Converter Combinations
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Bipolar D/A Converters



Bipolar D/A Converters






                                                                                                                    Bipolar D/A Converters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







High Voltage D/A Converters (>=20V) 



High Voltage D/A Converters (>=20V) 






                                                                                                                    High Voltage D/A Converters (>=20V)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Industrial 4-20mA DAC Solution



Industrial 4-20mA DAC Solution






                                                                                                                    Industrial 4-20mA DAC Solution
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Unipolar D/A Converters



Unipolar D/A Converters






                                                                                                                    Unipolar D/A Converters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













High Speed Logic & Data Path Management



High Speed Logic & Data Path Management




Data Path Management



Data Path Management




Data Path Signal Conditioners



Data Path Signal Conditioners






                                                                                                                    Data Path Signal Conditioners
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Digital Crosspoint Switches



Digital Crosspoint Switches






                                                                                                                    Digital Crosspoint Switches
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Level Translators



Level Translators






                                                                                                                    Level Translators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Serializer/Deserializers & Selector Muxes



Serializer/Deserializers & Selector Muxes






                                                                                                                    Serializer/Deserializers & Selector Muxes
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Track and Hold Data



Track and Hold Data






                                                                                                                    Track and Hold Data
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Logic Devices



Logic Devices






                                                                                                All Logic Devices 
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Fanout Buffers



Fanout Buffers






                                                                                                                    Fanout Buffers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Flip-Flops



Flip-Flops






                                                                                                                    Flip-Flops
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Logic Gates



Logic Gates






                                                                                                                    Logic Gates
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













Interface & Isolation



Interface & Isolation




Automotive Interfaces (CAN, Audio)



Automotive Interfaces (CAN, Audio)




Automotive Audio Bus



Automotive Audio Bus






                                                                                                                    Automotive Audio Bus
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated Controller Area Network (CAN)



Isolated Controller Area Network (CAN)






                                                                                                                    Isolated Controller Area Network (CAN)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Non-Isolated Controller Area Network (CAN)



Non-Isolated Controller Area Network (CAN)






                                                                                                                    Non-Isolated Controller Area Network (CAN)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










HART & 4-20mA Loop Interface Devices



HART & 4-20mA Loop Interface Devices




HART Modem



HART Modem






                                                                                                                    HART Modems
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Industrial 4-20mA DAC Solution



Industrial 4-20mA DAC Solution






                                                                                                                    Industrial 4-20mA DAC Solution
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Industrial 4-20mA Driver



Industrial 4-20mA Driver






                                                                                                                    Industrial 4-20mA Driver
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










IOS Subsystems



IOS Subsystems






                                                                                                IOS Subsystems
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Isolation



Isolation




Isolated A/D Converters



Isolated A/D Converters






                                                                                                                    Isolated A/D Converters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated Controller Area Network (CAN)



Isolated Controller Area Network (CAN)






                                                                                                                    Isolated Controller Area Network (CAN)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated Gate Drivers



Isolated Gate Drivers






                                                                                                                    Isolated Gate Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated I2C Isolators



Isolated I2C Isolators






                                                                                                                    Isolated I2C Isolators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated LVDS



Isolated LVDS






                                                                                                                    Isolated LVDS
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated RS-232



Isolated RS-232






                                                                                                                    Isolated RS-232
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated RS-485



Isolated RS-485






                                                                                                                    Isolated RS-485
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated SPI



Isolated SPI






                                                                                                                    Isolated SPI
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolation Amplifiers



Isolation Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Isolation Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







isoPower



isoPower






                                                                                                                    isoPower
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Standard Digital Isolators



Standard Digital Isolators






                                                                                                                    Standard Digital Isolators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







USB Isolators



USB Isolators






                                                                                                                    USB Isolators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Level Translators



Level Translators






                                                                                                Level Translators
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







LVDS/MLVDS



LVDS/MLVDS




Isolated LVDS



Isolated LVDS






                                                                                                                    Isolated LVDS
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Low Voltage Differential Signaling (LVDS) Drivers-Receivers



Low Voltage Differential Signaling (LVDS) Drivers-Receivers






                                                                                                                    Low Voltage Differential Signaling (LVDS) Drivers-Receivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Multi-point Low Voltage Differential Signaling (M-LVDS)



Multi-point Low Voltage Differential Signaling (M-LVDS)






                                                                                                                    Multi-point Low Voltage Differential Signaling (M-LVDS)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Mobile I/O Expander & Keypad Controller



Mobile I/O Expander & Keypad Controller






                                                                                                Mobile I/O Expander-Keypad Controller
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







RS-232 / RS-422 / RS-485 



RS-232 / RS-422 / RS-485 




Interface RS-232



Interface RS-232






                                                                                                                    Interface RS-232
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Interface RS-485 and RS-422



Interface RS-485 and RS-422






                                                                                                                    Interface RS-485 and RS-422
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated RS-232



Isolated RS-232






                                                                                                                    Isolated RS-232
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Isolated RS-485



Isolated RS-485






                                                                                                                    Isolated RS-485
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













Linear Products



Linear Products




Analog Multipliers & Dividers



Analog Multipliers & Dividers






                                                                                                All Analog Multipliers & Dividers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Comparators



Comparators






                                                                                                All Comparators
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




High Speed Comparators (<100ns Propagation Delay)



High Speed Comparators (<100ns Propagation Delay)






                                                                                                                    High Speed Comparators (<100ns Propagation Delay)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Low Power Comparators



Low Power Comparators






                                                                                                                    Low Power Comparators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Current Mirrors



Current Mirrors






                                                                                                Current Mirrors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Isolation Amplifiers



Isolation Amplifiers






                                                                                                Isolation Amplifiers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Matched Transistors



Matched Transistors






                                                                                                Matched Transistors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Precision Modulators/Demodulators



Precision Modulators/Demodulators






                                                                                                Precision Modulators/Demodulators
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







RMS to DC Converters



RMS to DC Converters






                                                                                                RMS to DC Converters
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Voltage References



Voltage References






                                                                                                Voltage References
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)










MEMS



MEMS




Accelerometers



Accelerometers






                                                                                                Accelerometers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Accelerometers - Special Purpose



Accelerometers - Special Purpose






                                                                                                Accelerometers - Special Purpose
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Gyroscopes



Gyroscopes






                                                                                                Gyroscopes
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Inertial Measurement Units (IMU)



Inertial Measurement Units (IMU)






                                                                                                Inertial Measurement Units (IMU)
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)










Optical



Optical




Fiber Optic Control



Fiber Optic Control




Current Mirrors



Current Mirrors






                                                                                                                    Current Mirrors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Translinear Logarithmic Amplifiers



Translinear Logarithmic Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Translinear Logarithmic Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Thermoelectric Cooler Controller



Thermoelectric Cooler Controller






                                                                                                                    Thermoelectric Cooler Controller
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Fiber Optic Data



Fiber Optic Data




Clock and Data Recovery/Retiming



Clock and Data Recovery/Retiming






                                                                                                                    Clock and Data Recovery/Retiming
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Laser Drivers



Laser Drivers






                                                                                                                    Laser Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Modulator Drivers



Modulator Drivers






                                                                                                                    Modulator Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Optical Limiting Amplifiers



Optical Limiting Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Optical Limiting Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Optical Transimpedance Amplifiers



Optical Transimpedance Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Optical Transimpedance Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Photo Detector with Integrated Transimpedance Amplifiers



Photo Detector with Integrated Transimpedance Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Photo Detector with Integrated Transimpedance Amplifier
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Optical Sensing Devices



Optical Sensing Devices




Optical Mixed Signal Devices



Optical Mixed Signal Devices






                                                                                                                    Optical Mixed Signal Devices
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Optical Sensors



Optical Sensors






                                                                                                                    Optical Sensors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













Power Management



Power Management




Linear Technology Power Management 



Linear Technology Power Management 





Linear Technology Power Management 






Battery Management



Battery Management




Battery Backup IC



Battery Backup IC






                                                                                                                    Battery Backup IC
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Battery Charger IC



Battery Charger IC






                                                                                                                    Battery Chargers IC
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Battery Source Selectors IC



Battery Source Selectors IC






                                                                                                                    Battery Source Selectors IC
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Digital Power Management IC



Digital Power Management IC






                                                                                                All Digital Power Management
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Digital DC-DC Controllers



Digital DC-DC Controllers






                                                                                                                    Digital DC-DC Controllers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Digital PFC Controllers with Power Metering



Digital PFC Controllers with Power Metering






                                                                                                                    Digital PFC Controllers with Power Metering
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Display and Lighting IC



Display and Lighting IC






                                                                                                All LED drivers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Current Sink LED Drivers



Current Sink LED Drivers






                                                                                                                    Current Sink LED Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Inductorless (Charge Pump) LED Drivers



Inductorless (Charge Pump) LED Drivers






                                                                                                                    Inductorless (Charge Pump) LED Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







LED Flash Drivers



LED Flash Drivers






                                                                                                                    LED Flash Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Step-Up (Boost) LED Drivers



Step-Up (Boost) LED Drivers






                                                                                                                    Step-Up (Boost) LED Drivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Hot Swap



Hot Swap






                                                                                                Hot Swap
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Isolated Gate Drivers



Isolated Gate Drivers






                                                                                                Isolated Gate Drivers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Linear Regulators



Linear Regulators






                                                                                                Linear Regulators
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Load Switches



Load Switches






                                                                                                Load Switches
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







MOSFET Drivers



MOSFET Drivers






                                                                                                MOSFET-Drivers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Power Monitors



Power Monitors






                                                                                                Power Monitors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Sequencing



Sequencing






                                                                                                All Sequencers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Analog Sequencers



Analog Sequencers






                                                                                                                    Analog Sequencers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Digital Sequencers



Digital Sequencers






                                                                                                                    Digital Sequencers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Supervisory



Supervisory






                                                                                                All Supervisors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Battery Backup IC



Battery Backup IC






                                                                                                                    Battery Backup IC
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Multi-Voltage Monitors



Multi-Voltage Monitors






                                                                                                                    Multi-Voltage Monitors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Simple Reset Supervisory IC



Simple Reset Supervisory IC






                                                                                                                    Simple Reset Supervisory IC
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Watchdog Timers



Watchdog Timers






                                                                                                                    Watchdog Timers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Switching Power Converters



Switching Power Converters




Multi-Output Regulators



Multi-Output Regulators






                                                                                                                    Multi Output Regulators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Switched Capacitor Converters



Switched Capacitor Converters






                                                                                                                    Switched Capacitor Converters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Switching Controllers



Switching Controllers






                                                                                                                    Switching Controllers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Switching Regulators



Switching Regulators






                                                                                                                    Switching Regulators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













Processors & DSP



Processors & DSP






                                                                            All DSP Processors
                                                                            (Parametric Search)




ADSP-21xx Processors



ADSP-21xx Processors






                                                                                                ADSP-21xx Processors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Blackfin Processors



Blackfin Processors






                                                                                                Blackfin Processors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Microcontrollers



Microcontrollers




8052 Core Products



8052 Core Products






                                                                                                                    8052 Core Products
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







ARM7 Core Products



ARM7 Core Products






                                                                                                                    ARM7 Core Products
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







CM4xx Mixed-Signal Control Processors



CM4xx Mixed-Signal Control Processors






                                                                                                                    CM4xx Mixed-Signal Control Processors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Precision Microcontrollers



Precision Microcontrollers






                                                                                                                    Precision Microcontrollers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Ultra Low Power Microcontrollers



Ultra Low Power Microcontrollers






                                                                                                                    Ultra Low Power Microcontrollers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










SHARC Processors



SHARC Processors






                                                                                                SHARC Processors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







SigmaDSP Audio Processors



SigmaDSP Audio Processors






                                                                                                SigmaDSP Audio Processors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







SigmaDSP Processors for TV



SigmaDSP Processors for TV






                                                                                                SigmaDSP Processors for TV
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







TigerSHARC Processors



TigerSHARC Processors






                                                                                                TigerSHARC Processors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)










RF & Microwave



RF & Microwave




Attenuators



Attenuators






                                                                                                All Attenuators
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Digital Step Attenuators



Digital Step Attenuators






                                                                                                                    Digital Step Attenuators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Fixed Attenuators



Fixed Attenuators






                                                                                                                    Fixed Attenuators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Voltage Variable Attenuators



Voltage Variable Attenuators






                                                                                                                    Voltage Variable Attenuators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Communications Analog Front Ends



Communications Analog Front Ends




IF/RF Receivers



IF/RF Receivers






                                                                                                                    IF/RF Receivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)



Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)






                                                                                                                    Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Direct Digital Synthesis



Direct Digital Synthesis






                                                                                                Direct Digital Synthesis
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Frequency Dividers, Multipliers, & Detectors



Frequency Dividers, Multipliers, & Detectors






                                                                                                All Frequency Dividers, Multipliers, & Detectors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Frequency Dividers, Prescalers & Counters



Frequency Dividers, Prescalers & Counters






                                                                                                                    Frequency Dividers, Prescalers & Counters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Frequency Multipliers



Frequency Multipliers






                                                                                                                    Frequency Multipliers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Phase Frequency Detectors



Phase Frequency Detectors






                                                                                                                    Phase Frequency Detectors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Integrated Transceivers, Transmitters & Receivers



Integrated Transceivers, Transmitters & Receivers






                                                                                                All Integrated Transceivers, Transmitters & Receivers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




IF/RF Receivers



IF/RF Receivers






                                                                                                                    IF/RF Receivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







IQ Demodulators with Integrated LO



IQ Demodulators with Integrated LO






                                                                                                                    IQ Demodulators with Integrated LO
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







IQ Modulators with Integrated LO



IQ Modulators with Integrated LO






                                                                                                                    IQ Modulators with Integrated LO
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Low Power RF Transceivers



Low Power RF Transceivers






                                                                                                                    Low Power RF Transceivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Microwave and mmWave Tx/Rx



Microwave and mmWave Tx/Rx






                                                                                                                    Microwave and mmWave Tx/Rx
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)



Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)






                                                                                                                    Mixed Signal Front Ends (MxFE)
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







RF Mixers with Integrated LO



RF Mixers with Integrated LO






                                                                                                                    RF Mixers with Integrated LO
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Wideband Transceiver IC



Wideband Transceiver IC






                                                                                                                    Wideband Transceiver IC
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










I/Q Modulators & Demodulators



I/Q Modulators & Demodulators






                                                                                                All I/Q Modulators & Demodulators
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




I/Q Demodulators



I/Q Demodulators






                                                                                                                    I/Q Demodulators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







I/Q Demodulators with Integrated LO



I/Q Demodulators with Integrated LO






                                                                                                                    I/Q Demodulators with Integrated LO
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







I/Q Modulators



I/Q Modulators






                                                                                                                    I/Q Modulators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







I/Q Modulators with Integrated LO



I/Q Modulators with Integrated LO






                                                                                                                    I/Q Modulators with Integrated LO
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Mixers



Mixers






                                                                                                All Mixers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




I/Q and Image Reject Mixers



I/Q and Image Reject Mixers






                                                                                                                    I/Q and Image Reject Mixers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







I/Q Downconverters/Receivers



I/Q Downconverters/Receivers






                                                                                                                    I/Q Downconverters/Receivers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







I/Q Upconverters/Transmitters



I/Q Upconverters/Transmitters






                                                                                                                    I/Q Upconverters/Transmitters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







RF Mixers with Integrated LO



RF Mixers with Integrated LO






                                                                                                                    RF Mixers w/ Integrated LOs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Single, Double & Triple Balanced Mixers



Single, Double & Triple Balanced Mixers






                                                                                                                    Single, Double and Triple Balanced Mixers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Sub-Harmonic-Mixers



Sub-Harmonic-Mixers






                                                                                                                    Sub-Harmonic Mixers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Phase Shifters & Vector Modulators



Phase Shifters & Vector Modulators






                                                                                                All Phase Shifters & Vector Modulators
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Analog Phase Shifter



Analog Phase Shifter






                                                                                                                    Analog Phase Shifter
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Digital Phase Shifter



Digital Phase Shifter






                                                                                                                    Digital Phase Shifter
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Vector Modulators



Vector Modulators






                                                                                                                    Vector Modulators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Phase Locked Loop (PLL)/Frequency Synthesis



Phase Locked Loop (PLL)/Frequency Synthesis






                                                                                                All Plls
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Fractional-N PLLs



Fractional-N PLLs






                                                                                                                    Fractional-N PLLs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Integer-N PLLs



Integer-N PLLs






                                                                                                                    Integer-N PLLs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







PLLs with Integrated VCOs



PLLs with Integrated VCOs






                                                                                                                    PLLs with Integrated VCOs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Quadrature Digital Up Converters (QDUC)



Quadrature Digital Up Converters (QDUC)






                                                                                                Quadrature Digital Up Converters (QDUC)
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







RF Amplifiers



RF Amplifiers






                                                                                                All RF Amplifiers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Driver Amplifiers



Driver Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Driver Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Fully Differential Amplifiers



Fully Differential Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Fully Differential Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Gain Blocks



Gain Blocks






                                                                                                                    Gain Blocks
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Low Noise Amplifiers



Low Noise Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Low Noise Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Power Amplifiers



Power Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Power Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







RF Amplifiers Bias Controllers



RF Amplifiers Bias Controllers






                                                                                                                    RF Amplifiers Bias Controllers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Wideband Distributed Amplifiers



Wideband Distributed Amplifiers






                                                                                                                    Wideband Distributed Amplifiers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










RF Connectorized Modules & Instrumentation



RF Connectorized Modules & Instrumentation




Attenuator Modules



Attenuator Modules






                                                                                                                    Attenuator Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Block Upconverter Modules



Block Upconverter Modules






                                                                                                                    Block Upconverter Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







DRO/VCO Modules



DRO/VCO Modules






                                                                                                                    DRO/VCO Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







MicroSynth Modules



MicroSynth Modules






                                                                                                                    MicroSynth Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Mixer Modules



Mixer Modules






                                                                                                                    Mixer Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Phase Shifter Modules



Phase Shifter Modules






                                                                                                                    Phase Shifter Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







RF Amplifier Modules



RF Amplifier Modules






                                                                                                                    RF Amplifier Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







RF Frequency Divider, Multiplier, & Detector Modules



RF Frequency Divider, Multiplier, & Detector Modules






                                                                                                                    RF Frequency Divider, Multiplier, & Detector Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







RF High Power Amplifier Modules



RF High Power Amplifier Modules






                                                                                                                    RF High Power Amplifier Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







RF Switch Modules



RF Switch Modules






                                                                                                                    RF Switch Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







SDLVA Modules



SDLVA Modules






                                                                                                                    SDLVA Modules
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Signal Generators



Signal Generators






                                                                                                                    Signal Generators
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










RF Power Detectors



RF Power Detectors






                                                                                                All RF Power Detectors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Envelope/Peak Detectors



Envelope/Peak Detectors






                                                                                                                    Envelope/Peak Detectors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







non-RMS Responding Detector



non-RMS Responding Detector






                                                                                                                    Logarithmic Detectors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







RMS Responding Detector



RMS Responding Detector






                                                                                                                    RMS Responding Detector
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







SDLVA



SDLVA






                                                                                                                    SDLVA
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










RF Switches



RF Switches






                                                                                                All RF Switches
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Bypass, Diversity, Matrix & Transfer



Bypass, Diversity, Matrix & Transfer






                                                                                                                    Bypass, Diversity, Matrix & Transfer
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







SPDT T/R



SPDT T/R






                                                                                                                    SPDT T/R
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







SPST, SPDT, SP3T, SP4T, SP5T, SP6T, SP8T



SPST, SPDT, SP3T, SP4T, SP5T, SP6T, SP8T






                                                                                                                    SPST, SPDT, SP3T, SP4T, SP5T, SP6T, SP8T
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Timing ICs & Clocks



Timing ICs & Clocks




Clock and Data Recovery/Retiming



Clock and Data Recovery/Retiming






                                                                                                                    Clock and Data Recovery/Retiming
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Clock Generation & Distribution



Clock Generation & Distribution






                                                                                                                    Clock Generation & Distribution
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Tunable Filters



Tunable Filters






                                                                                                All Tunable Filters
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Baseband Programmable VGA-Filters



Baseband Programmable VGA-Filters






                                                                                                                    Baseband Programmable VGA-Filters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Low Pass and Harmonic



Low Pass and Harmonic






                                                                                                                    Low Pass and Harmonic
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Variable Gain Amplifiers



Variable Gain Amplifiers






                                                                                                All VGAs
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Analog Control VGAs



Analog Control VGAs






                                                                                                                    Analog Control VGAs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Baseband Programmable VGA-Filters



Baseband Programmable VGA-Filters






                                                                                                                    Baseband Programmable VGA-Filters
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Digital Control VGAs



Digital Control VGAs






                                                                                                                    Digital Control VGAs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










VCOs & PLOs



VCOs & PLOs






                                                                                                All VCOs
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




VCOs with Output Dividers



VCOs with Output Dividers






                                                                                                                    VCOs with Output Dividers
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







VCOs with Single Output



VCOs with Single Output






                                                                                                                    VCOs with Single Output
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Wideband VCOs



Wideband VCOs






                                                                                                                    Wideband VCOs
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













Sensors



Sensors




Accelerometers



Accelerometers






                                                                                                Accelerometers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Accelerometers - Special Purpose



Accelerometers - Special Purpose






                                                                                                Accelerometers - Special Purpose
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Gyroscopes



Gyroscopes






                                                                                                Gyroscopes
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Inertial Measurement Units (IMU)



Inertial Measurement Units (IMU)






                                                                                                Inertial Measurement Units (IMU)	
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Magnetic Field Sensors



Magnetic Field Sensors






                                                                                                Magnetic Field Sensors
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Optical Sensing Devices



Optical Sensing Devices




Optical Mixed Signal Devices



Optical Mixed Signal Devices






                                                                                                                    Optical Mixed Signal Devices
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Optical Sensors



Optical Sensors






                                                                                                                    Optical Sensors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Temperature Sensor & Control Devices



Temperature Sensor & Control Devices






                                                                                                All Temperature Sensor and Control Devices
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Analog Temperature Sensors



Analog Temperature Sensors






                                                                                                                    Analog Temperature Sensors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Digital Temperature Sensors



Digital Temperature Sensors






                                                                                                                    Digital Temperature Sensors
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Temperature Switches



Temperature Switches






                                                                                                                    Temperature Switches
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)













Switches & Multiplexers



Switches & Multiplexers




Analog Switches Multiplexers



Analog Switches Multiplexers






                                                                                                All Analog Switches and Multiplexers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Dual Supply 2.5V



Dual Supply 2.5V






                                                                                                                    Dual Supply 2.5V
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Dual Supply 2V to 8V



Dual Supply 2V to 8V






                                                                                                                    Dual Supply 2V to 8V
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Dual Supply 5V to 22V



Dual Supply 5V to 22V






                                                                                                                    Dual Supply 5V to 22V
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







MEMS Switches



MEMS Switches






                                                                                                                    MEMS Switches
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Single Supply 1.65V to 5.5V



Single Supply 1.65V to 5.5V






                                                                                                                    Single Supply 1.65V to 5.5V
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Single Supply 2V to 16V



Single Supply 2V to 16V






                                                                                                                    Single Supply 2V to 16V
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Single Supply 5V to 44V



Single Supply 5V to 44V






                                                                                                                    Single Supply 5V to 44V
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Buffered Analog Crosspoint Switches



Buffered Analog Crosspoint Switches






                                                                                                Buffered Analog Crosspoint Switches
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Buffered Analog Multiplexers



Buffered Analog Multiplexers






                                                                                                Buffered Analog Multiplexers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Digital Crosspoint Switches



Digital Crosspoint Switches






                                                                                                Digital Crosspoint Switch
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







Fault Protected Switches & Multiplexers



Fault Protected Switches & Multiplexers






                                                                                                All Fault Protected Switches and Multiplexers
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Latch Up Immune and High ESD



Latch Up Immune and High ESD






                                                                                                                    Latch Up Immune and High ESD
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Over Voltage Protection



Over Voltage Protection






                                                                                                                    Over Voltage Protection
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







Over Voltage Protection & Detection



Over Voltage Protection & Detection






                                                                                                                    Over Voltage Protection and Detection
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Level Translators



Level Translators






                                                                                                Level Translators
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)







RF Switches



RF Switches






                                                                                                All RF Switches
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)




Bypass, Diversity, Matrix & Transfer



Bypass, Diversity, Matrix & Transfer






                                                                                                                    Bypass, Diversity, Matrix & Transfer
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







SPDT T/R



SPDT T/R






                                                                                                                    SPDT T/R
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)







SPST, SPDT, SP3T, SP4T, SP5T, SP6T, SP8T



SPST, SPDT, SP3T, SP4T, SP5T, SP6T, SP8T






                                                                                                                    SPST, SPDT, SP3T, SP4T, SP5T, SP6T, SP8T
                                                                                                                    (Parametric Search)










Unbuffered Analog Crosspoint Array



Unbuffered Analog Crosspoint Array






                                                                                                Unbuffered Analog Crosspoint Array
                                                                                                (Parametric Search)















Did you know?
ADI holds over 2200 patents, nearly 800 patents pending and has invested over $9 billion in signal processing R&D over the past 50 years.
X


X






 




Applications
Analog Devices offers technologies in verticals represented by market segments, and solutions by technology that are market-agnostic. 




Markets




Aerospace and Defense


Automotive


Building Technology


Communications


Consumer


Energy






Healthcare


Instrumentation and Measurement


Internet of Things (IoT)


Motor Control


Process Control and Industrial Automation


Security and Surveillance












Did you know?
Analog Devices now offers state-of-the-art, data conversion and linear products to the space market place which were previously only available as commercial or military Class B products. 
X






 




Design Center
Find Analog Devices' design resources here: Reference Designs, Design Tools, Simulation Models, Evaluation Boards, Device Drivers, packaging, etc.




Search within Design Center
 







Circuit Design Tools & Calculators
Get product selection and design assistance using our online and downloadable tools.




Amplifier & Linear Tools 

Clock & Timing Tools 

Converter Tools 

Power Management Tools 

RF & Synthesis Tools 





Simulation Models
Collection of product simulation models used in industry standard simulation tools.




SPICE Models 

IBIS Models 

MathWorks Behavioral Models 

BSDL Models 

S-Parameters 





Evaluation Hardware & Software
Evaluate different components and technologies ADI provides at your bench.




ACE Software 

Development Platforms 

Product Evaluation Boards & Kits 

Evaluation Platforms 







Reference Designs
Collection of hardware board designs, software drivers, and application algorithms.




Hardware Reference Designs 

Drivers & Reference Code 





Packaging, Quality, Symbols & Footprints
Find all resources needed for designing and developing a printed circuit board (PCB).




Package Index 

Package Resources 

Quality & Reliability 

Symbols & Footprints 





Processors & DSP
From documentation, hardware, software, and more, it’s everything you need for processors.




Software 

Hardware 

Technical Library 

Third Party Developer Program 











Did you know ?
Analog Devices has hardware boards and software examples that make it easy for you to connect to FPGA based and MCU based development environments.
X






 




Community







Engage with the ADI technology experts in our online community, EngineerZone®. Ask your tough design questions, browse our rich knowledge base, or read about new technologies and the engineers behind them in one of our blogs.








Visit PartnerZone, our new Design Partner Network community on EngineerZone! Easily connect with electronic design service companies and access their expertise with applying ADI technology across a wide range of markets and industries.
 



Community Blogs


Analog Dialogue


Analog Garage


EngineerZone Spotlight


The Engineering Mind




EngineerZone Top Forums


Amplifiers


Blackfin Processors


Direct Digital Synthesis (DDS)


FPGA Reference Designs


MEMS Inertial Sensors


Precision ADCs


RF and Microwave


SHARC Processors


SigmaDSP Processors and SigmaStudio Development Tool


Video


VisualDSP++ Development Tools


More...




PartnerZone Forums


Boston Engineering (PZ)


Colorado Engineering (PZ)


Fidus (PZ)


Indesign, LLC (PZ)


Orchid Technologies (PZ)


PartnerZone - North America


Tecnova (PZ)


Tri-Star Design, Inc. (PZ)


Vanteon (PZ)


X-Microwave (PZ)










Did you know?
EngineerZone contains over 80 support forums to assist with your engineering project.
X






 




Education
Use Analog Devices' education section to view the online library of technical resources, courses and tutorials, and to learn about our regional university programs.




Search within Education
 







Education Library

Analog Dialogue
Technical Articles
Technical Books
FAQs
Training and Tutorials
Videos
Webcasts
White Papers and Case Studies



University Engagement

North America
Philippines
India
Active Learning Modules
Program Benefits
Virtual Classroom



Courses & Tutorials

Electronics I & II
Energy & Power Systems Activities Outline
Analog Circuit Design Tutorials









Did you know?
Analog Devices has over fifty years of analog circuit design experience to share with you.
X






 









Find Answers



Search within Support
 







Ask EngineerZone


Select Community



EngineerZone Home Page

ADIsimPE
Amplifiers
Analog Microcontrollers
Audio
Clock and Timing
Data Converters
Direct Digital Synthesis (DDS)
Energy Monitoring and Metering
EngineerZone Support Community Feedback
FPGA Reference Designs
Hittite Microwave Products from ADI
Interface and Isolation
Linux and Microcontroller Device Drivers
Linux Software Drivers
Low Power RF Transceivers
MEMS Inertial Sensors
Microcontroller No-OS Drivers
Motor Control Hardware Platforms
Power Management
Processors and DSP
Reference Circuits
RF and Microwave
Signal Chain Designer
Switches/Multiplexers
Temperature Sensors
Video
Virtual Classroom for ADI University Program
Wideband RF Transceivers
Wideband Transceiver API
Wireless Sensor Networks



                                            ADI Community User Forums Terms of Use
                                        




Contact Support



                                                    Ask Customer Service
                                                



                                                    Ask Technical Support
                                                



                                                    Regional Contact Info
                                                



                                                    Linear Technology Product Support
                                                







 

Customer Service Center


Sales


Buy Products


Sample Products


Pricing & Availability Information


Find Sales Offices & Distributors in Your Area


View Terms & Conditions




Customer Service


Manage Your Account


Check Order Status


Track Delivery


Cancel Order Items


View/Print Invoice


Request Return


Submit Customer Service Request


View Export Classification


View Shipping Options & Rates (for Buy Online)






Technical Support Center


Quality & Reliability


Material Declarations


Package Information


Reliability Data












Did you know?
Did you know that there are over 20,000 registered members of EngineerZone?
Did you know that hundreds of ADI engineers regularly provide technical support to EngineerZone members?
X










Do you consent to the use of cookies on your device as described in our cookie notice? You can change your cookie settings at any time but parts of this site will not function correctly without them.

I Accept CookiesI Refuse Cookies







 











×











×
Close

Modal title















主動式pfc電源供應器 - MakeSop












                            歡迎您光臨本站
                                



















電路>原理 


主動式pfc電源供應器 

節能元件股份有限公司 PFC Device Corp.
已經被分享了1258次

針對市場常用的4A及10A高壓MOSFET，PFC提供以下封裝 TO-220 TO-252 IT... Prev Next 2014-08-01 台北辦公室喬遷-遷址至新北市新... 通用電源 PC電源供應器應用 NB電源供應器應用 手機電源供應器 …
主動式PFC負載對電源的影響 - eec華儀電子-Extech Electronics …
已經被分享了1182次

由於市電的品質不一，電壓及頻率也無法隨意調整，不足以拿來做產品開發的驗證條件，因此採用交流電源供應器來模擬市電是最佳的選擇。 以下針對兩款不同品牌(A品牌與B品牌)所設計內含的主動式功率因數改善線路負載( PFC Switching Power Supply…
pfc電源供應器-貿易網
已經被分享了1671次

採用主動式PFC的電源供應器 的重量，較用笨重元件的被動式PFC產品要輕巧許多，而產品走向輕薄小是未來3C 市場必然趨勢。 主動式PFC的優點： 校正效果遠優於歐洲的 ...
主動式 pfc 電源供應器,主動式 pfc 電源供應器條目-愛維基
已經被分享了1567次

BigAndy | 使用主動式PFC的電源供應器有什麼好處? 使用主動式PFC的電源供應器有什麼好處? 由 楊德勳 發表於 [ 6.電源供應器] (1761) 閱讀, (0) 引用, (0) 回應, 推文( 0 ) PFC（Power Factor Correction）功率因數矯正，主要為改善電源供應器 …
pfc電源供應器,主動式 pfc 電源供應器主動式 pfc 電源供應器條 …
已經被分享了1030次

關於pfc電源供應器以及,主動式 pfc 電源供應器主動式 pfc 電源供應器都在愛維基。iWiki ... 【討論】 PFC @ POWER SUPPLY [論壇存檔] - PCZONE 討論區 [論壇存檔] 【討論】 PFC @ POWER SUPPLY …
主動式pfc,主動式 pfc 電源供應器條目-愛維基
已經被分享了1349次

主動式PFC電路 - 豆丁網 主動式PFC 電路 穩定的電源除了能供應系統維持正常的動作外並會影響整個系統的特性, 當負載具 高電容性或電感性, 或者電流波形非弦波時, 功率 …
提升電力系統安全穩定性 主動式PFC重要性日顯 - 學技術 - 新 …
已經被分享了1390次

功率因數校正器(PFC)可有效提升70W以上的電子產品的用電效能，因此許多國家開始強制規定電源供應器中須運用PFC。本文將介紹PFC的設計方法，並探討如何藉由電路板 …
黑武士 350W - 電源供應器 - FspLifeStyle
已經被分享了71次

電源供應器 黑武士 350W 符合ATX 12V & EPS 12V最新版本 主日式電容，使用長效日系電解電容 內建主動式 PFC 的超環保省電設計(99%) 兩組+12V獨立輸出設計. 通過80 …
七盟 ST-400PAT 電源供應器【400W  支援80Plus,PFC  銅牌  …
已經被分享了1607次

其他品牌電源供應器,主機電源供應器|七盟 ST-400PAT 電源供應器【支援80Plus,PFC / 銅牌 / 12 ... PFC (功率校正因素) 主動式 效率 > 82 % 滿載 Hold-up Time 16MS AT …
OCDOG論壇 :: 觀看文章 - [文章]主動式？被動式PFC？(圖解)
已經被分享了1148次

PFC又分成主動式（Active）與被動式（Passive）兩種，主要是依據控制PFC的元件特性來區分。 一、被動式（Passive）PFC： 使用被動式元件，PF值大約在70~80%之間，瓦數越大的電源供應器，所需要的被動式PFC …
ENERMAX - Product
已經被分享了470次

* 特定營業契約用電戶，使用主動式 PFC 電源供應器，可幫助該系統電費再節省約 2.85% * 峰值功率可維持60秒
電源供應器，包括：電腦-電子-周邊 , 電腦零組件 , 機殼 …
已經被分享了80次

電源供應器，包括：電腦、電子、周邊 , 電腦零組件 , 機殼、Power。露天拍賣-台灣 NO.1 拍賣網站，由PChome Online與eBay共同合資成立的拍賣網路服務公司。全站商品數 …
機殼 - 請問主動式PFC的電源供應器接110V,PF值只有0.96~0.97 …
已經被分享了209次

2009/6/1 · 主動式PFC的電源供應器接110V,PF值只有0.96~0.97是正常的嗎?使用POWER ANGLE... ... 主動式PFC的電源供應器接110V,PF值只有0.96~0.97是正常的 …
電源供應器的PFC - MyChat 數位男女-硬體教學與科技新知
已經被分享了841次

....好專業的解說哦 還是看的一頭霧水。重點是PFC是不是比較省功率？而在台灣用PFC的電費也不會比較省？還有買POWER跟老闆說"我要主動式PFC電源供應器"他會懂 …
CORSAIR海盜船 CX 500W 80Plus銅牌 電源供應器 - Yahoo!奇 …
已經被分享了1618次

主動式PFC，12cm超靜音風扇； 單+12 V電源提供高達38A； 符合歐盟標準低待機功耗； 三年保固二年換新， 0800 到府收送 ... 電源供應器 品牌 擴充卡 散熱裝置 Corsair 海 …
原價屋@酷！PC • 檢視主題 - 電源供應器PFC功能問題集
已經被分享了1642次

唯一三年快換！品質有信心
黑武士 350W - Power Supply - FspLifeStyle
已經被分享了1202次

Power Supply 黑武士 350W 全漢黑武士擁有2組12V獨立電力輸出設計，符合ATX 12V 與EPS12V 最新版本，支援 Intel和AMD最新四核心處理器以及NVIDIA和ATI 顯示卡運行。 符合ATX 12V & EPS 12V最新版本 主日式電容，使用長效日系電解電容 內建主動式 ...
PFC設計原理及規格製作的介紹 - 豆丁網
已經被分享了164次

因此雖然改善了PF值與harmonic，但卻又不如 主動式PFC之原因。 Delta Confidential PFCCHOKE基本上就是一個choke（貯存能量 之device），它是使用一個在工作低頻 …
節能元件有限公司 PFC Device Inc.
已經被分享了1325次

PFC的新型SLVF蕭特基整流器，具有更低的正向損耗、低反向漏電流，以及更快的開關速度。在電路上使用PFC的SLVF肖特機基產品，能解決電源產品效率不足的問題、以高 …
[電腦] 選購電源供應器(PSU)的關鍵在於效率(推薦80PLUS)
已經被分享了289次

當你採購電源供應器(POWER SUPPLY)時, 最重要的不是它好不好看,而是它的轉換效能(效率)! ... 記得要買 [主動式PFC],不要買到[被動式PFC]或是[無PFC]的, 主動式PFC …
「YEs 3C」FSP 全漢 黑騎士 650W 電源供應器 RA650 80PLUS 銀牌 主動式PFC …
已經被分享了449次

機殼/電源,電源供應器-「YEs 3C」FSP 全漢 黑騎士 650W 電源供應器 RA650 80PLUS 銀牌 主動式PFC power [b17031] 有發票 免運: -Yahoo奇摩拍賣 ... Yahoo奇摩輕鬆付 …
被動式pfc電路 - MakeSop
已經被分享了137次

主動式PFC … 電源供應器有主動式PFC會較好 - 史萊姆論壇 已經被分享了266次 電源供應器產品目前主要分為主動式及被動式PFC電源供應器，但在效能上，主動式的效能 …
電源供應器
已經被分享了1470次

鑫鴻 REX-500A12(主日系電容) 電源供應器 代碼 :CA0204 80+銅牌20+4P 12CM*1 日系電容 輸出功率:500W 內建主動式PFC，超省電環保設計 完全支援高階雙核心顯卡 內建 …
PFC技術：從系統設計邁向IC設計
已經被分享了1994次

... 之應用。主動式 PFC 技術藉由可控制之功率開關元件來達到控制電流諧波的目的，其方式主要可區分為低頻與高頻切換兩種方式。低頻 ...
機殼 - 主動式電源供應器的好處! (不懂功率因數的網友可以參 …
已經被分享了754次

2007/1/10 · 結論是使用PFC=1主動式PSU....是利人利己的.....環保省電(省電流啦) 但是並沒有省到電費 ... [Computex2016]更多變的PC色彩 Aerocool推出全新Project 7系列機殼、散熱器與電源供應器 …
認識供電器的PFC - 史萊姆論壇
已經被分享了910次

2006/3/14 · 採用主動式PFC的電源供應器的重量，較用笨重元件的被動式PFC產品要輕巧許多，而產品走向輕薄小是未來3C市場必然趨勢。 主動式PFC的優點： 校正效果 …
關於電源供應器的常識 @ PTY 設計的故事 :: 隨意窩 Xuite日誌
已經被分享了1511次

2016/11/7 · 在SEED 種子電源工作, 這些東西也該要學一些知識與常識, 也貼上來分享,了解電源供應器 ... 10、主動式PFC 有什麼特點？ 主動式 PFC 輸入電壓可以從 90V  …
台達 550W 主動式PFC 12CM風扇 電源供應器(GPS-550ABB) 價 …
已經被分享了55次

讓你快速比較 台達 550W 主動式PFC 12CM風扇 電源供應器(GPS-550ABB) 商品價格，目前 台達 550W 主動式PFC 12CM風扇 電源供應器(GPS-550ABB) 價格區間 …
【電腦零件補給站 】蛇吞象PSH500V-S 500W 14CM 80PLUS 主動式 PFC足瓦電源供應器
已經被分享了1833次

機殼/電源,電源供應器-【電腦零件補給站 】蛇吞象PSH500V-S 500W 14CM 80PLUS 主動式 PFC足瓦電源供應器: -Yahoo奇摩拍賣 ... Yahoo奇摩輕鬆付現金接受付款方式  …
換成主動式電源供應器的必要性~~~~,電腦與網路討論,小老婆 …
已經被分享了938次

要不要使用主動式電源供應器(PFC)，請拿出電費帳單，看看台電的計價單位... 台電以實際功率計價(Kw/Hr)，而 ... 我不是要"省電",其實除了效率以外,我比較擔心的是因為我 …
交換式電源供應器，PFC與APFC比較問－第1頁
已經被分享了1833次

功率因素校正 PFC（Power Factor Correction） PFC的電源供應器，分別有主動式 Active 與被動式 Passive 兩種 APFC是Active Power Factor Correction的縮寫，即真正主動式電源功率因素校正 一般僅標示PFC通常是Passive PFC…
Reic's Place: 什麼是 電源供應器(PSU) APFC
已經被分享了1731次

什麼是 電源供應器(PSU) APFC 何謂APFC？指的是「主動式功率因數校正」，有時也寫成「主動式PFC」，早期都是被動式PFC，相對效能比較弱一點。AFPC ...



主動式文章


主動式安全配備 

主動式失誤安全設計 

主動式安全頭枕 

主動式觸控筆原理 

主動式pfc原理 

主動式電子分音器 

主動式降噪耳機原理 

主動式安全系統 

汽車主動式安全系統 

汽車主動式安全配備 

汽車主動式安全 

主動式安全駕駛 

主動式安全防護 

主動式護頸頭枕 

elac主動式喇叭 

主動式pfc電路 

主動式pfc電源供應器 

主動式pfc 

主動式絞線傳輸器 

主動式噪音控制 



熱門文章


皮秒755蜂巢雷射費用 

鼻胃管引流原理 

水位電極棒 

冷凍原理四大元件 

電子菸霧化器哪裡買 

皮秒雷射費用 

靜電貼紙原理 

伸縮捲線器原理 

德國非侵入血糖機 



最新文章


mcu晶片公司 

mcu晶片行動電源 

mcu晶片概念股 

何謂mcu晶片 

mcu晶片 

電動bb槍原理 

感應電動勢原理 

電動麻將桌原理 

電動機車原理 

 



    ﻿
    

    聯繫郵箱：（有任何問題請聯繫我們，我們會第一時間處理。）
        站點：
        MakeSop    

        版權所有 部份內容來源於互聯網，僅供參考，專業問題請諮詢專家。
    

 







	Design interleaving PFC boost power stages - Electronic Products











































































Sign In | Register


Close 
Sign In Here
Register





Search


Close 




















Home > Power Products > Power Management







                    This article was posted on 03/01/2008
                















                    Design interleaving PFC boost power stages
                




Here are the some tips on choosing the best
overall control technique for PFC interleaving requirementsBY STEVE
MAPPUSFairchild SemiconductorSouth Portland, MEhttp://www.fairchildsemi.comInterleaving isolated and nonisolated power
stages is a well understood design technique within the power
supply design industry. By far the most widely applied interleaved
topology is the multiphase buck, commonly chosen as the power
architecture used to meet fast load transient demands of
today’s high-performance microprocessors and digital
signal processors. Interleaving two or more synchronous buck power
stages increases the amount of power that can be delivered to the
load but also can decrease the required input and output
capacitance. Furthermore, the output inductors used in each phase
of an interleaved synchronous buck can be much smaller because of
the ripple current cancellation effect seen at the output
capacitor. Interleaving enables converter designs consisting of
smaller output inductors and lower output capacitance, necessary to
meet fast transient requirements as high as 300 A/µs.Although the motivation for interleaving is
quite different compared to synchronous bucks, interleaved power
factor correction (PFC) boost power stages can benefit from many of
the same principles. Determined primarily by the inductor current,
the PFC boost can be classified into one of three operating modes:
continuous conduction mode (CCM), critical conduction mode (CRM) or
discontinuous conduction mode (DCM). As a general guideline, for
single-phase-only operation, CCM PFC is chosen for higher-power
applications greater than 400 W. CCM PFC operates using fixed
frequency, average current mode, pulse-width modulation (PWM)
control that forces the average input current to be proportional to
the rectified ac line voltage. In order for the input current to
remain continuous over the entire ac line cycle, PFC boost stages
operating in CCM require a large input inductor making them
suitable for high-power applications due to their lower peak
currents. Although the peak ripple current is lower, it should be
noted that the CCM PFC operates as a hard switching converter
resulting in higher switching losses and significant reverse
recovery losses in the output rectifier. However, the continuous
input current tends to ease the burden of designing the front end
EMI filter, necessary for reducing harmonic distortion.CRM uses a fixed on time, variable frequency
control technique operating at the zero crossing boundary between
the DCM and CCM modes of operation. Compared to CCM operation at
similar power levels, CRM offers some desirable benefits, for
applications up to approximately 400 W. Since the boost inductor
current always returns to zero before the start of each switching
cycle, the main MOSFET turns on under zero current switching
conditions while the output diode turns off under zero current
switching. Zero current turn-off in the output rectifier is
especially beneficial since it minimizes the losses associated with
reverse recovery, allowing the use of a less-expensive output
rectifier diode. The high peak inductor ripple current translates
to a much smaller input inductor at the cost of increased MOSFET
turn-off losses and higher EMI filter requirements. When CRM
control is applied to an interleaved PFC power supply the
limitations associated with high peak inductor current typical of a
single phase design are somewhat overcome. This allows the power
level to be extended closer or even beyond the 1-kW range and
reduces the size of the EMI filter while retaining all the benefits
that make CRM attractive.Interleaving two or more PFC boost power stages
can be accomplished using either of the PFC operating modes
mentioned above. Shown in Fig. 1 is
an example of a dc input, dual phase interleaved boost converter
using two individual boost power stages labeled Φ1 and
Φ2 respectively. As noted by PWM1 and PWM2, each power
stage is operating 180 out of phase at a fixed PWM frequency.
However, the peak-to-peak ripple currents, IIN and IOUT, are switching at an effective
frequency of twice the PWM frequency since IIN = IL1 + IL2 and IOUT = IΦ1 + IΦ2. Maximum ripple current
cancellation occurs when the duty cycle, D, is fixed at D = 0, D =
1 or D = 0.5 (as shown in Fig. 1). When D = 0.5, the IIN ac ripple current is ideally 0APP and the IOUT ac ripple current is minimally
reduced to the sum of the ac currents flowing through D1 and D2.
Even for the instance where D = 0.75 and D = 0.25 (shown in Fig. 1)
there is still a worse-case ripple current reduction that is 50%
better compared to a single phase design. And since the output ac
ripple current flows through the output capacitor, any current
reduction is directly realized in the form of power dissipation
savings due to IOUT2xRESR.For interleaved synchronous buck converters the
input and output voltage is relatively fixed, which means the duty
cycle will have little variation. The higher effective frequency
and reduced RMS ripple current permits the use of lower capacitor
values for CIN and COUT in a multiphase buck converter, but
for an interleaved PFC boost the considerations are quite
different.Fig. 1. Dual-phase CCM interleaved PFC
waveforms.In a PFC boost application, the ac line voltage
is varying and the output voltage is regulated dc so the duty cycle
constantly changes, which means the amount of ripple current
cancellation is also varying within every line cycle. Even though
the average RMS current is reduced, for most PFC applications the
output capacitor is chosen according the holdup requirement that
the output voltage must be regulated to a minimal dc value during
the loss of one or more ac line cycles. Therefore, regardless of
how much ripple current cancellation occurs, the first
consideration given to the output capacitor is that of energy
storage. In some single-phase PFC applications the required COUT value may dictate the need for two
or more parallel capacitors in order to meet rms ripple current
ratings. For these marginal cases there may be instances where the
benefits of interleaving could result in using one less
capacitor.Further benefits of interleaving include use of
smaller low profile inductors within the PFC power supply and EMI
filter, which is critical in space conscious applications such as
flat panel televisions and monitors. Also, because the current is
shared between the two parallel phases the conduction losses are
lower and power dissipation is spread out over a wider area which
can reduce the thermal mass required by heat sinking. Lower
conduction losses help increase full load efficiency but the extra
MOSFET and output diode increase frequency related switching losses
decreasing light load efficiency. For applications where light load
efficiency is a concern, phase shedding can be implemented. Phase
shedding is a technique originally applied to multiphase
synchronous buck converters. When the load current decreases to the
point where switching losses begin to dominate over conduction
losses, additional phases are disabled to minimize the cumulative
switching losses otherwise present when all phases are
operating.The popularity of PFC interleaving is driven by
the necessity for higher efficiency, higher power density, and
better EMI performance assisted by the recent introduction of
several analog control ICs targeting these applications. Varying
complex system requirements also pose an interesting challenge for
optimizing efficiency and performance using analog PFC controllers.
Interleaving power stages at high power levels is a nontrivial
design task, especially when considering complex modes of operation
such as startup, shutdown, wide input range and fault protection
and recovery. Therefore, for some applications, the programmable
functionality and flexibility of a digital control approach might
also be considered. So, while interest levels in interleaving seem
to be growing, it’s up to the IC manufacturers to provide
the best overall control solution along with the correct set of
features in order to gain wide market acceptance.For more on power supplies, visit http://www.electronicproducts.com/power.asp.








Learn more about  Fairchild Semiconductor


Related Articles







This paper-thin material doesn’t just generate power, but also work...







IBM’s electronic blood solution simultaneously powers and cools chi...







2.0A, 2.5A and 3.0A power switches from Diodes Incorporated designe...







PSMA sponsors APEC 2017 industry session on transportation power el...











Add Comment



Text Only 2000 character limit






                    Please login to comment on the article
                







































































PFC Device, Inc. - Relationship Science
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





PFC Device, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Transaction Advisors Financials



PFC Device, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2016




Headquarters


/f, Shell Industrial Building, 12 Lee Chung Street, Chai Wan, Hong Kong




Type of Company



                                                                    Public
                                                            




Employees (Worldwide)


176




Industries


Holding Companies

Semiconductors




Company Description


PFC Device, Inc. is an investment holding company engages in the design, manufacture, and sale of power discrete semiconductors. It offers a range of products such as power supply and adapters for TV, PC, laptops; chargers for mobile phones, tablets, portable electronic devices, and industrial and automotive power applications, and others. It operates through the Sales of Power Discrete Semiconductor and Trading of Raw Materials segments. The company was founded by Kwok Kee Yung on March 2, 2016 and is headquartered in Hong Kong.




Website


http://www.pfc-device.com






 In The News
          See more




PR Newswire
February 2, 2017





                        Rodan + Fields� Prescription for Change� Foundation Launches in Canada; Pledges $250,000 to Canadian-based Charity                    





CNN
January 5, 2017





                        In 2010, Trump said WikiLeaks members would be shot within 24 hours in China for their 'spying,' 'espionage'                     






 Executives & Employees



Man Fai Hong

Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director




Ka Man Lee

Secretary







See our list of current and previous employees when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



                          Board of Directors                        



Billy Yung Kwok Kee

Member at Junior Police Call




Philip Fan Yan Hok

Former Executive Director at CITIC Ltd.





Lawrence Leung Man Chiu

Partner at Tang & Fok




Kai Chiu Chow





Peter Lam

President at Lam Construction Co. Ltd.




Che Yin Tang







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to PFC Device, Inc.



                        PFC Device, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 PFC Device, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with PFC Device, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    PFC Device, Inc. issued Ordinary Shares                                                                    





 Transaction Advisors



Companies ▾




Legal Advisor



Appleby Corporate Services (Hong Kong) Ltd.

                                        Advised on
                                        PFC Device, Inc. issued Ordinary Shares                                    




Auditor



BDO Ltd.

                                        Advised on
                                        PFC Device, Inc. issued Ordinary Shares                                    




Legal Advisor



Chien Yeh Law Offices

                                        Advised on
                                        PFC Device, Inc. issued Ordinary Shares                                    




Legal Advisor



Kwok Yih & Chan

                                        Advised on
                                        PFC Device, Inc. issued Ordinary Shares                                    




Lead Manager



Ping An Securities Ltd.

                                        Advised on
                                        PFC Device, Inc. issued Ordinary Shares                                    






See 1 more listing with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 1 More 






 Key Stats and Financials as of 2016



Market Capitalization


$504M




Total Enterprise Value


$211M




Earnings Per Share


$0




Revenue


$177M




Net Profit


$-640K




EBITDA


$26.9M




Total Equity


$172M




Total Debt


$38.8M




Enterprise Value Sales


1.19x




Debt TEV


0.18x




TEVNet Income


-331.51x




EBITDAMargin


15.19%




Enterprise Value EBITDAOperating


7.84x






See financial details and more using RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 



You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













