


Our Business - Tooling
















English / 中文




Home

About Us

Our Vision
Global Presence
Board of Directors
Corporate Structure
Quality Certification
Sustainability Policy
CSR



Our Business

Automotive
Consumer / IT / Environment
Healthcare
Tooling




Capabilities

Tooling Technology
Moulding Technology
Value-added Services




Investor Relations

Financial Highlights
Financial News
Financial Statements
Financial Ratios
Financial Calendar
Shareholdings
Annual Reports
Stock Fundamentals
Stock Quotes
Insider Trades
Investment Calculator
Email Alerts




Contact Us
















OUR BUSINESS








Automotive






Consumer / IT / Environment






Healthcare






Tooling







Events Information




























Sunningdale Tech has more than 200 designers and 10,000 sqm of mould manufacturing area in Singapore and China supporting no less than 2000 moulds fabricated annually. 

                Our fully integrated CAD/ CAM designers and highly experienced engineers are capable of transforming complex product designs to precision plastics using advanced computer aided design software. Mold Flow Analysis, FEA and 3D-Simulation all provide superior ESI and DFM services and our sophisticated mould designs are capable of producing plastics products that meet the requirements of the most stringent customers in the global arena. On-site concurrent consultancy provides even greater collaboration with clients and partners. 

                Sunningdale Tech‘s manufacturing facilities are well equipped with advanced tool room machinery and together with proven track records, system and highly trained staff, we manufacture high precision moulds that meet requirement of highest quality standards that will provide trouble-free, high-volume production for the life of the product. 












© 2010 Sunningdale Tech Ltd   |   All Rights Reserved   |   Sitemap













Sunningdale Tech Ltd
















English / 中文




Home

About Us

Our Vision
Global Presence
Board of Directors
Corporate Structure
Quality Certification
Sustainability Policy
CSR



Our Business

Automotive
Consumer / IT / Environment
Healthcare
Tooling




Capabilities

Tooling Technology
Moulding Technology
Value-added Services




Investor Relations

Financial Highlights
Financial News
Financial Statements
Financial Ratios
Financial Calendar
Shareholdings
Annual Reports
Stock Fundamentals
Stock Quotes
Insider Trades
Investment Calculator
Email Alerts




Contact Us





















 


 

















 








































 
Tooling
 

 
Moulding






 
With more than 6 mould fabrication centres and round-the-clock operations, we are committed to deliver quality moulds of big tonnages, high complexity & high cavitation / precision.
Being very engineering focused, Sunningdale Tech invests in a vast range of moulding capabilities that produce high quality parts at the most competitive options.



















© 2010 Sunningdale Tech Ltd   |   All Rights Reserved   |   Sitemap





























Sunningdale Tech Ltd (China Manufacturer) - Company Profile













cRegister Free

Hello, Sign In or Register Free



Direct Buy




Home


Join Free


Free Website


Member Service



		                   
		                   My DIYTrade


中国站



ProductsWebsitePromotionInquiriesReportsAccount


















/china/ml/0-s-c-1/Search.html/china/pl/0-s-c-1/Search.html/china/ppl/0-s-c-1/Search.html/china/suppliers/0-s-c-1/Search.htmlSearch keyword should at least 2 characters.

ProductsCompanies







Inquiry Basket (0)




					    Advanced













Sunningdale Tech Ltd










Sunningdale Tech Ltd

	                     Candy Qin (Senior Engineer)
                     


 Inquire Now
                      





Company Overview


Products (20)


Mold
				 (20)
			





Company Description



Sunningdale Tech Ltd is a leading manufacturer of precision plastic components. The Group provides one-stop, turnkey plastic solutions, with capabilities ranging from product & mould designs, mould fabrication, injection moulding , complementary finishings, through to the precision assembly of complete products.Boasting a total factory space of more than 3 million sq feet, with more than 600 injection moulding machines and a tooling capacity of 2,500 moulds per year, Sunningdale Tech is focusing on serving four key business segments – automotive, consumer/IT/environment, healthcare and tooling.With manufacturing facilities across Singapore, Malaysia (Johor), China (Tianjin, Shanghai, Suzhou and Zhongshan), Sweden (Vaxjo), Latvia (Riga) and Mexico (Guadalajara), Sunningdale Tech is strategically positioned to target and capture opportunities in diverse business sectors globally using 3rd party logistic partners. 




New Product








								
								High precision mold
								






								
								China Top injection mold manufacturer
								






								
								Molded plastic component
								






								
								Big size injection molding car parts
								








Member Information





Member Class:Free MemberLast Online:02 Jan, 2015
					











Company Information





Company Name:Sunningdale Tech Ltd


Country/Region:
Guang Dong - China



Company Address:No. 14, Qian Jin Er Road, Xin Qian Jin Village,Tanzhou Town, Zhongshan City, Guangdong Province, China


Zip/Postal code:528467


Phone:86-0760-86983148


Fax:-


Contact Person:Candy Qin
			(Senior Engineer)
			


Mobile:86983148


Website:http://sunningdaletech.diytrade.com


Industry:
Industrial Supplies



Business Nature:Manufacturer


Founded Year:1983


Number of Employees:> 5000


Map:






 Inquire Now
      













This member assumes full responsibility for the content of this listing. DIYTrade accepts no responsibility whatsoever in respect of such content.To report fraudulent or illegal content, please click here.





 


DIYTrade.com


DIYTrade International


自助贸易中国站 (简体)


自助貿易中國站 (繁體)




Services


Member Service


DIY Website


Successful Story
              (DIYShop)
              	
               
               
         



Buying on DIYTrade.com


Browse by Category


Subscribe Product Alert




Selling on DIYTrade.com


Post Products


Post Company Info


Build Website




DIYSite Group


DIYTrade.com


DIYSite.com


ChinaBestPrice.com









Home
     | About Us | Services | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | FAQ | Recruitment | Mobile Version

Copyright 1999-2017 DIYSite.com Limited. All rights reserved.











Production Supervisor Job - Sunningdale Tech Ltd - 5920256 | JobStreet

























 




















Search









Home
Search Jobs
Company Profiles
MyJobStreet 



                            Friends                        

Training

More 

Overseas Jobs
Fresh Grad Jobs
Classified Jobs










 












Advanced 

Employers









 











Production Supervisor

Sunningdale Tech Ltd












			Min 3 years (Junior Executive) 
		








			Singapore - West - Pandan Crescent		
















• Organize the daily activities to ensure smooth operations
• 3-4 years of relevant experience in a supervisory role
• 12-hour rotating shift-work


 JOB DESCRIPTION
 
Responsibilities:

Organize the daily activities to ensure smooth operations
Ensure product quality and production efficiency by the close monitoring of production processes and implementing appropriate corrective actions
Initiate the appropriate reaction plan for unstable or non-capable characteristics, and records specific action in the appropriate form
Organize and distribute work to operators, material handlers and technicians on daily activities
Provide appropriate training, as well as maintain and evaluate training records of production personnel
Enforce correct and safe work practices and maintain good housekeeping at all times
Make further improvement of the machine parameter setting and advice on the amendment of Operation Instructions

Requirements:

NITEC/Diploma in Mechanical Engineering, Mechatronic/Electromechanical Engineering or Electrical/Electronic Engineering
At least 3-4 years of relevant experience in a supervisory role
Willing to go on 12-hour rotating shift-work according to production planning

 


Interested applicants please submit your resume via Apply Now button below stating your current salary, expected salary, reason for leaving present/last job and date available.
 
Only short-listed candidates will be notified.

  


 



WORK LOCATION										View larger map / directions							View larger map							





Address				
51 Joo Koon Circle Singapore










						COMPANY SNAPSHOT			            


					Average Processing Time 


										More Than 2 Weeks					
									


Registration No.

199508621R



Industry
Manufacturing/Production


Website

http://www.sdaletech.com/



Telephone No.
68644812


Company Size
501 - 1000 Employees


Working Hours

						Regular hours, Mondays - Fridays					


Dress Code

						Business (e.g. Shirts)					


Benefits

						Transport, Medical					


Spoken Language

						English & Mandarin					



 



 COMPANY PHOTOS












Say something about this picture...













 


 COMPANY OVERVIEW

SunningdaleTech Ltd is a leading precision tooling, plastics injection moulding and precision assembly company providing a broad spectrum of capabilities that include product & mould designs, mould fabrications, ultra-precision high cavitations toolings, precision injection moulding with finishing processes like spray painting and laser etching, through to precision assembly of complete products.
 
Sunningdale Tech Ltd has a strong presence in Singapore, Malaysia, China, Indonesia and Mexico. We are focusing on serving four key business segments including Automotive, Consumer/IT, Healthcare and Tooling.

 
We believe that our employees are our most important asset.  As an employee, you’ll benefit from an environment of engaged colleagues, thought leadership, and opportunities for career advancement and recognition. 

 
Be part of the leading high-precision engineering and manufacturing technologies!
 



 


 WHY JOIN US?


We believe that our employees are our most important asset.  
 
As an employee, you’ll benefit from an environment of engaged colleagues, thought leadership, and opportunities for career advancement and recognition.  
 
Join us and be part of the leading high-precision engineering and manufacturing technologies!















 

Save this job








Apply Now






Advertised: 22-July-2017



							  							     Closing in 1 days |
							  							  Closing on 05-August-2017









 
Jobs in SG
Manufacturing/Production Operations Jobs 
Supervisor/Team Lead Jobs 
Jobs in Manufacturing/Production Industry 
production supervisor Jobs 














  SUNN:Singapore Stock Quote - Sunningdale Tech Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Sunningdale Tech Ltd   SUNN:SP   Singapore        2.150SGD   0.100   4.88%     As of 5:04 AM EDT 8/3/2017     Open   2.050    Day Range   2.030 - 2.170    Volume   4,957,100    Previous Close   2.050    52Wk Range   0.990 - 2.210    1 Yr Return   120.07%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   2.050    Day Range   2.030 - 2.170    Volume   4,957,100    Previous Close   2.050    52Wk Range   0.990 - 2.210    1 Yr Return   120.07%    YTD Return   95.45%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   8.49    Earnings per Share (SGD) (TTM)   0.253    Market Cap (m SGD)   404.320    Shares Outstanding  (m)   188.056    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.57    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   1.16%        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change +0.01%     Industry Capital Goods   % Price Change -0.04%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/13/2017   SINGAPORE LISTED COMPANIES SHOW IMPROVEMENT IN WOMEN ON BOARDS    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Sunningdale Tech Ltd manufactures and sells mould and plastic injection products. The Company also designs, manufactures, markets, and exports high precision steel moulds. Sunningdale Tech trades car audio equipment and provides product design consultancy, mold flow service, mold design, and project management.    Address  51 Joo Koon CircleSingapore, 629069Singapore   Phone  65-6861-1161   Website   www.sdaletech.com     Executives Board Members    Khoo Boo Hor  CEO/Executive Director    Soh Hui Ling  Chief Financial Officer    Chan Tung Sing  VP:Business Development    Wong Chi Hung  Executive Director    Cheong Wai Luen  Dir:Information Technology     Show More         







 Sunningdale Tech LTD Singapore, Singapore | Supplier Data
Datamyne



























































Making trade data work for you





Countries  
Singapore  
Supplier Starts With S

 




SUNNINGDALE TECH LTD


Singapore, Singapore 
 
 
 







12 Month Supply Chain Summary            
(June 30, 2014 ─ June 30, 2015)

SUNNINGDALE TECH LTD supplied 2 shipments to the US since Jun 30, 2014.




Top Importer



 Covidien 
1
Importers for this supplier for the last 12 months






Top HS Code Products



392690 -  Articles of Plastics,  Nesoi 









Top Carriers



 Blue Anchor America Line (blue Anchor Line) 






Top Ports of Departure



 Kao Hsiung, Kaohsiung, China Taiwan 










Top Countries of Origin



 Singapore 




Alternative content for the map














See all shipments for  Sunningdale Tech LTD when you subscribe to Datamyne.




How Datamyne Benefits You


Datamyne covers the trade of some 50 countries across 5 continents, as well as the details of US import and export commerce with over 230 trading partners. Original US import bills are available online one day after we receive them from Customs, making our US import data the earliest available anywhere.
Easily access our database via a web-based interface that speeds and simplifies trade data research, delivering the information you need for successful marketing, prospecting and sourcing strategies.
See why more than 3,000 professionals are using Datamyne today.
Request a Demo






Take our Tour





 Product  Overview 
Plans and Pricing 
Why Choose Datamyne? 












Easy access, with expert support, to the largest searchable trade database in the world.
















                Search US import details FREE for companies like:              





SUNNINGDALE TECH LTD                  





First Name



Last Name





Company



Email



Country  
                        
United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Phone





                          I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy






Get My Free Search
















 













































Sunningdale Tech Ltd



















Choose Your Website


Personal Banking


DBS


POSB


Wealth Management


DBS Treasures


DBS Treasures Private Client


DBS Private Bank


DBS Vickers Securities


DBS Vickers Online


Business Banking


SME Banking


Corporate Banking


Institutional Investors


DBS Group


About DBS






Singapore


China


Hong Kong


Indonesia


Taiwan


India







Login



































HomeWhy DBS Treasures


PersonaliseResearch & Products


BankDay to Day


InvestYour Wealth


BorrowFor Home or Car


InsureYou & Your Family


PlanFor Retirement


ResearchAsian Insights







Choose Your Website


Personal Banking


DBS


POSB


Wealth Management


DBS Treasures


DBS Treasures Private Client


DBS Private Bank


DBS Vickers Securities


DBS Vickers Online


Business Banking


SME Banking


Corporate Banking


Institutional Investors


DBS Group


About DBS






Login



DBS iBanking






Singapore


China


Hong Kong


Indonesia


Taiwan


India

























HomeWhy DBS Treasures



PersonaliseResearch & Products



BankDay to Day



InvestYour Wealth



BorrowFor Home or Car



InsureYou & Your Family



PlanFor Retirement



ResearchAsian Insights













Research


Equities

Sunningdale Tech Ltd










Equity

Quick View
Sunningdale Tech Ltd


Target Price*:Recommendation*:Market Cap*:Bloomberg Code:Publication Date:

S$ 2.62BUYS$ 367mSUNN_SP_Equity2017-05-25


															*at the time of publication









Call Us
Call Us: 1800 221 1111



Join DBS Treasures


Contact me


Make an appointment


Help & Support


Chat with us on New Offers





 

Live ChatNameEmail AddressHow can we help you?

 










Call Us
Call Us: 1800 221 1111



Join DBS Treasures


Contact me


Make an appointment


Help & Support


Chat with us on New Offers





 

Live ChatNameEmail AddressHow can we help you?

 









Profile
<b>Sunningdale</b> (SUNN SP) provides one-stop turnkey plastic solutions, with capabilities ranging from product & mould designs, mould fabrication, injection moulding, micro-precision engineering, complementary finishings, through to the precision assembly of complete products. <br /><br />The group is mainly focused on four business segments - Automotive, Consumer/IT, Healthcare, and Mould Fabrication.













Previous Close Price





Source: Analec




Key Statistics




Dec S$ m20162017f2018f




Revenue684713743


Net Profit323438


Profit Gth (%)34.28.210.7


PE (X)9.310.79.7


Div Yield (%)3.13.13.1


P/BV (X)1.01.00.9



At the time of publication


Source: DBS Group Research







Recent Developments












Our Views
Steady long-term manufacturing play, with lower risk-reward profile vs local peers and offers higher growth vs the bigger boysRanked among the largest high-precision plastic solutions providers globally, Sunningdale’s competitive advantages lie in its advanced manufacturing capabilities, global manufacturing footprint, and scale. The group also stands out for its diversified MNC customer base – majority of its customers contribute between 3-5% each to group sales, which greatly reduces customer concentration risk commonly seen among small-mid cap peers.Beneficiary of the (1) broad-based substitution for functional plastics, and Owing to improved plastic material properties (i.e. strength and durability), and higher cost effectiveness, precision plastic components are increasingly replacing their metallic counterparts in a wide range of industrial applications – particularly in automotive, consumer goods and healthcare sectors.(2) positive underlying Automotive, Consumer/IT and Healthcare trends.Underlying demand outlook across the group’s three key end-sectors are also positive and have been forecast by industry experts to grow in the high single-digit to low-double digit levels p.a. into 2020.






Valuation

Sunningdale’s world class engineering capabilities, global presence and diversification have been underappreciated, and we believe that the group deserves to trade closer to larger US peers’ 20x FY18F PE and at a premium over local precision plastic peers. Following the recent re-rating in the tech sector, we derive a TP of S$2.62 – based on 13x FY18F PE as fair, which still represents a substantial 35% discount to US peers.










Risks
Global economic slowdown. With exposure across some of the world’s main manufacturing regions, a global economic slowdown could pose significant challenges to Sunningdale as several of its industry segments such as Consumer/IT and Automotive are sensitive to fluctuations in the global economy. If so, this could have a significant impact on the group’s sales and profitability. 










Download Report



Click to download reports in PDF Format.


Company Focus 25/05/2017

Download











Click for Printer Friendly version of this pagePrint

















GENERAL DISCLOSURE/DISCLAIMER GENERAL DISCLOSURE/DISCLAIMER 
This report is prepared by DBS Bank. This report is solely intended for the clients of DBS Bank Ltd, its respective connected and associated corporations and affiliates only and no part of this document may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form or by any means or (ii) redistributed without the prior written consent of DBS Bank.      
The research set out in this report is based on information obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but we (which collectively refers to DBS Bank Ltd, its respective connected and associated corporations, affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively, the “DBS Group”) have not conducted due diligence on any of the companies, verified any information or sources or taken into account any other factors which we may consider to be relevant or appropriate in preparing the research. Accordingly, we do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or correctness of the research set out in this report. Opinions expressed are subject to change without notice. This research is prepared for general circulation. Any recommendation contained in this document does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation and the particular needs of any specific addressee. This document is for the information of addressees only and is not to be taken in substitution for the exercise of judgement by addressees, who should obtain separate independent legal or financial advice. The DBS Group accepts no liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect and/or consequential loss (including any claims for loss of profit) arising from any use of and/or reliance upon this document and/or further communication given in relation to this document. This document is not to be construed as an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities. The DBS Group, along with its affiliates and/or persons associated with any of them may from time to time have interests in the securities mentioned in this document. The DBS Group, may have positions in, and may effect transactions in securities mentioned herein and may also perform or seek to perform broking, investment banking and other banking services for these companies. 
Any valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments herein constitutes a judgment as of the date of this report, and there can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments. The information in this document is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it may be incomplete or condensed, it may not contain all material information concerning the company (or companies) referred to in this report and the DBS Group is under no obligation to update the information in this report. 
This publication has not been reviewed or authorized by any regulatory authority in Singapore, Hong Kong or elsewhere. There is no planned schedule or frequency for updating research publication relating to any issuer. 
The valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments described in this report were based upon a number of estimates and assumptions and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies. It can be expected that one or more of the estimates on which the valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments were based will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Therefore, the inclusion of the valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments described herein IS NOT TO BE RELIED UPON as a representation and/or warranty by the DBS Group (and/or any persons associated with the aforesaid entities), that: 
(a)   such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments or their underlying assumptions will be achieved, and
(b)  there is any assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments stated therein.
Please contact the primary analyst for valuation methodologies and assumptions associated with the covered companies or price targets.
Any assumptions made in this report that refers to commodities, are for the purposes of making forecasts for the company (or companies) mentioned herein. They are not to be construed as recommendations to trade in the physical commodity or in the futures contract relating to the commodity referred to in this report. 
DBSVUSA, a US-registered broker-dealer, does not have its own investment banking or research department, has not participated in any public offering of securities as a manager or co-manager or in any other investment banking transaction in the past twelve months and does not engage in market-making.
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION




General


This report is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation. 




Australia


This report is being distributed in Australia by DBS Bank Ltd. (“DBS”) or DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“DBSVS”), both of which are exempted from the requirement to hold an Australian Financial Services Licence under the Corporation Act 2001 (“CA”) in respect of financial services provided to the recipients. Both DBS and DBSVS are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore, which differ from Australian laws. Distribution of this report is intended only for “wholesale investors” within the meaning of the CA. 




Hong Kong


This report has been prepared by a person(s) who is not licensed by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission to carry on the regulated activity of advising on securities in Hong Kong pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).   This report is being distributed in Hong Kong and is attributable to DBS Vickers Hong Kong Limited, a licensed corporation licensed by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission to carry on the regulated activity of advising on securities pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). 
For any query regarding the materials herein, please contact Paul Yong (CE. No. ASE988) at equityresearch@dbs.com.




Indonesia


This report is being distributed in Indonesia by PT DBS Vickers Sekuritas Indonesia.




Malaysia


This report is distributed in Malaysia by AllianceDBS Research Sdn Bhd ("ADBSR"). Recipients of this report, received from ADBSR are to contact the undersigned at 603-2604 3333 in respect of any matters arising from or in connection with this report. In addition to the General Disclosure/Disclaimer found at the preceding page, recipients of this report are advised that ADBSR (the preparer of this report), its holding company Alliance Investment Bank Berhad, their respective connected and associated corporations, affiliates, their directors, officers, employees, agents and parties related or associated with any of them may have positions in, and may effect transactions in the securities mentioned herein and may also perform or seek to perform broking, investment banking/corporate advisory and other services for the subject companies. They may also have received compensation and/or seek to obtain compensation for broking, investment banking/corporate advisory and other services from the subject companies.
Wong Ming Tek, Executive Director, ADBSR 




Singapore


This report is distributed in Singapore by DBS Bank Ltd (Company Regn. No. 196800306E) or DBSVS (Company Regn No. 198600294G), both of which are Exempt Financial Advisers as defined in the Financial Advisers Act and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. DBS Bank Ltd and/or DBSVS, may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, DBS Bank Ltd accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact DBS Bank Ltd at 6327 2288 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report. 




Thailand


This report is being distributed in Thailand by DBS Vickers Securities (Thailand) Co Ltd. Research reports distributed are only intended for institutional clients only and no other person may act upon it. 




United Kingdom


This report is produced by DBS Bank Ltd which is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
This report is disseminated in the United Kingdom by DBS Vickers Securities (UK) Ltd, ("DBSVUK"). DBSVUK is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom. 
In respect of the United Kingdom, this report is solely intended for the clients of DBSVUK, its respective connected and associated corporations and affiliates only and no part of this document may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form or by any means or (ii) redistributed without the prior written consent of DBSVUK. This communication is directed at persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments. Any investment activity following from this communication will only be engaged in with such persons. Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should not rely on this communication. 




Dubai
 


This research report is being distributed in The Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”) by DBS Bank Ltd., (DIFC Branch) having its office at PO Box 506538, 3rd Floor, Building 3, East Wing, Gate Precinct, Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC), Dubai, United Arab Emirates. DBS Bank Ltd., (DIFC Branch) is regulated by The Dubai Financial Services Authority. This research report is intended only for professional clients (as defined in the DFSA rulebook) and no other person may act upon it. 




United States


This report was prepared by DBS Bank Limited. DBSVUSA did not participate in its preparation. The research analyst(s) named on this report are not registered as research analysts with FINRA and are not associated persons of DBSVUSA. The research analyst(s) are not subject to FINRA Rule 2241 restrictions on analyst compensation, communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst. This report is being distributed in the United States by DBSVUSA, which accepts responsibility for its contents. This report may only be distributed to Major U.S. Institutional Investors (as defined in SEC Rule 15a-6) and to such other institutional investors and qualified persons as DBSVUSA may authorize. Any U.S. person receiving this report who wishes to effect transactions in any securities referred to herein should contact DBSVUSA directly and not its affiliate. 




Other jurisdictions


In any other jurisdictions, except if otherwise restricted by laws or regulations, this report is intended only for qualified, professional, institutional or sophisticated investors as defined in the laws and regulations of such jurisdictions.




 DBS Bank Ltd.12 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 3Singapore 018982Tel. 65-6878 8888  e-mail: equityresearch@dbs.comCompany Regn. No. 196800306E








GENERAL DISCLOSURE/DISCLAIMER 
GENERAL DISCLOSURE/DISCLAIMER 
This report is prepared by DBS Bank. This report is solely intended for the clients of DBS Bank Ltd, its respective connected and associated corporations and affiliates only and no part of this document may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form or by any means or (ii) redistributed without the prior written consent of DBS Bank.      
The research set out in this report is based on information obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but we (which collectively refers to DBS Bank Ltd, its respective connected and associated corporations, affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively, the “DBS Group”) have not conducted due diligence on any of the companies, verified any information or sources or taken into account any other factors which we may consider to be relevant or appropriate in preparing the research. Accordingly, we do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or correctness of the research set out in this report. Opinions expressed are subject to change without notice. This research is prepared for general circulation. Any recommendation contained in this document does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation and the particular needs of any specific addressee. This document is for the information of addressees only and is not to be taken in substitution for the exercise of judgement by addressees, who should obtain separate independent legal or financial advice. The DBS Group accepts no liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect and/or consequential loss (including any claims for loss of profit) arising from any use of and/or reliance upon this document and/or further communication given in relation to this document. This document is not to be construed as an offer or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any securities. The DBS Group, along with its affiliates and/or persons associated with any of them may from time to time have interests in the securities mentioned in this document. The DBS Group, may have positions in, and may effect transactions in securities mentioned herein and may also perform or seek to perform broking, investment banking and other banking services for these companies. 
Any valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments herein constitutes a judgment as of the date of this report, and there can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments. The information in this document is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it may be incomplete or condensed, it may not contain all material information concerning the company (or companies) referred to in this report and the DBS Group is under no obligation to update the information in this report. 
This publication has not been reviewed or authorized by any regulatory authority in Singapore, Hong Kong or elsewhere. There is no planned schedule or frequency for updating research publication relating to any issuer. 
The valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments described in this report were based upon a number of estimates and assumptions and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies. It can be expected that one or more of the estimates on which the valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments were based will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Therefore, the inclusion of the valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments described herein IS NOT TO BE RELIED UPON as a representation and/or warranty by the DBS Group (and/or any persons associated with the aforesaid entities), that: 
(a)   such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments or their underlying assumptions will be achieved, and
(b)  there is any assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments stated therein.
Please contact the primary analyst for valuation methodologies and assumptions associated with the covered companies or price targets.
Any assumptions made in this report that refers to commodities, are for the purposes of making forecasts for the company (or companies) mentioned herein. They are not to be construed as recommendations to trade in the physical commodity or in the futures contract relating to the commodity referred to in this report. 
DBSVUSA, a US-registered broker-dealer, does not have its own investment banking or research department, has not participated in any public offering of securities as a manager or co-manager or in any other investment banking transaction in the past twelve months and does not engage in market-making.
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION




General


This report is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation. 




Australia


This report is being distributed in Australia by DBS Bank Ltd. (“DBS”) or DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“DBSVS”), both of which are exempted from the requirement to hold an Australian Financial Services Licence under the Corporation Act 2001 (“CA”) in respect of financial services provided to the recipients. Both DBS and DBSVS are regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore, which differ from Australian laws. Distribution of this report is intended only for “wholesale investors” within the meaning of the CA. 




Hong Kong


This report has been prepared by a person(s) who is not licensed by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission to carry on the regulated activity of advising on securities in Hong Kong pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).   This report is being distributed in Hong Kong and is attributable to DBS Vickers Hong Kong Limited, a licensed corporation licensed by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission to carry on the regulated activity of advising on securities pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). 
For any query regarding the materials herein, please contact Paul Yong (CE. No. ASE988) at equityresearch@dbs.com.




Indonesia


This report is being distributed in Indonesia by PT DBS Vickers Sekuritas Indonesia.




Malaysia


This report is distributed in Malaysia by AllianceDBS Research Sdn Bhd ("ADBSR"). Recipients of this report, received from ADBSR are to contact the undersigned at 603-2604 3333 in respect of any matters arising from or in connection with this report. In addition to the General Disclosure/Disclaimer found at the preceding page, recipients of this report are advised that ADBSR (the preparer of this report), its holding company Alliance Investment Bank Berhad, their respective connected and associated corporations, affiliates, their directors, officers, employees, agents and parties related or associated with any of them may have positions in, and may effect transactions in the securities mentioned herein and may also perform or seek to perform broking, investment banking/corporate advisory and other services for the subject companies. They may also have received compensation and/or seek to obtain compensation for broking, investment banking/corporate advisory and other services from the subject companies.
Wong Ming Tek, Executive Director, ADBSR 




Singapore


This report is distributed in Singapore by DBS Bank Ltd (Company Regn. No. 196800306E) or DBSVS (Company Regn No. 198600294G), both of which are Exempt Financial Advisers as defined in the Financial Advisers Act and regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. DBS Bank Ltd and/or DBSVS, may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an Institutional Investor, DBS Bank Ltd accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact DBS Bank Ltd at 6327 2288 for matters arising from, or in connection with the report. 




Thailand


This report is being distributed in Thailand by DBS Vickers Securities (Thailand) Co Ltd. Research reports distributed are only intended for institutional clients only and no other person may act upon it. 




United Kingdom


This report is produced by DBS Bank Ltd which is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
This report is disseminated in the United Kingdom by DBS Vickers Securities (UK) Ltd, ("DBSVUK"). DBSVUK is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom. 
In respect of the United Kingdom, this report is solely intended for the clients of DBSVUK, its respective connected and associated corporations and affiliates only and no part of this document may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form or by any means or (ii) redistributed without the prior written consent of DBSVUK. This communication is directed at persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments. Any investment activity following from this communication will only be engaged in with such persons. Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should not rely on this communication. 




Dubai
 


This research report is being distributed in The Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”) by DBS Bank Ltd., (DIFC Branch) having its office at PO Box 506538, 3rd Floor, Building 3, East Wing, Gate Precinct, Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC), Dubai, United Arab Emirates. DBS Bank Ltd., (DIFC Branch) is regulated by The Dubai Financial Services Authority. This research report is intended only for professional clients (as defined in the DFSA rulebook) and no other person may act upon it. 




United States


This report was prepared by DBS Bank Limited. DBSVUSA did not participate in its preparation. The research analyst(s) named on this report are not registered as research analysts with FINRA and are not associated persons of DBSVUSA. The research analyst(s) are not subject to FINRA Rule 2241 restrictions on analyst compensation, communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst. This report is being distributed in the United States by DBSVUSA, which accepts responsibility for its contents. This report may only be distributed to Major U.S. Institutional Investors (as defined in SEC Rule 15a-6) and to such other institutional investors and qualified persons as DBSVUSA may authorize. Any U.S. person receiving this report who wishes to effect transactions in any securities referred to herein should contact DBSVUSA directly and not its affiliate. 




Other jurisdictions


In any other jurisdictions, except if otherwise restricted by laws or regulations, this report is intended only for qualified, professional, institutional or sophisticated investors as defined in the laws and regulations of such jurisdictions.




 DBS Bank Ltd.12 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 3Singapore 018982Tel. 65-6878 8888  e-mail: equityresearch@dbs.comCompany Regn. No. 196800306E








Restricted



Login with your DBS iBanking User ID and PIN to view these reports.

Username and PIN did not match. Please try again.

DBS iBanking User ID


PIN


HelpSubmit














Useful Links


Disclaimer & Important Notice for Research


DBS Treasures Terms & Conditions - Current




Back to top



Others


 Disclaimer for Investment


Feedback










Need help - 1800 221 1111
More ways to get help & support

 Find a branch near you












Terms & Conditions|


Privacy Policy|


Fair Dealing Commitment|


Compliance with Tax Requirements|

©2017 DBS Bank Ltd|

Co. Reg. No. 196800306E

















Social Media




  








 








Sunningdale Tech Ltd Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Sunningdale Tech Ltd     







 


 Singapore                
Sunningdale Tech Ltd
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Plastics Product Manufacturing
Available in: English
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Legal Address
                                51 Joo Koon Circle                                
                                Singapore;                                Singapore;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 629069                                                            

Tel: +65-6861-
Fax: +65-6863-




Email:
@sdaletech.com                            

Website:
http://www.sdaletech.com 



 

Company Description                    




                        Sunningdale Tech Ltd is engaged in manufacturing precision plastic components providing one-stop, turnkey plastic solutions ranging from product and mould designs, mould fabrication, injection moulding , complementary finishings, through to the precision assembly of complete products. The company operates into four business segments : Automotive segment is engaged in designing and manufacturing decorative plastic parts such as trim plates for automotive stereo systems, navigation system, air register and climate controls (also known as bezels), speedometers, steering switches and design covers. We supply our products to tier one system manufacturers for the automotive industry; Consumer/IT/environment manufactures plastic parts for many consumer products, including but not limited to smart cards, consumer electronics & peripherals, telecommunication keypads, eco-green products, etc.; Healthcare is engaged in manufacturing medical device components; and tooling segment engaged in mould manufacturing transforming complex product designs to precision plastics using advanced computer aided design software.  Sunningdale Tech operates its manufacturing facilities across Singapore, Malaysia (Johor), China (Tianjin, Shanghai, Suzhou and Zhongshan), Sweden (Vaxjo), Latvia (Riga) and Mexico (Guadalajara). The company was incorporated in 1967.
                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 







Sunningdale Tech Ltd in San Diego, CA
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French



 

Get global shipment alerts for Sunningdale Tech Ltd, $9.95 /month

Processing, please wait ...







Cardholder's Name


Tell us your Full Name



Credit Card No. 








Enter a valid Card No.



Exp. Date

1 January
2 February
3 March
4 April
5 May
6 June
7 July
8 August
9 September
10 October
11 November
12 December




2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
2025
2026



Postal Code / Zip


(or Postal Code if not in the USA)




  Terms of Service




Submit















			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 



Sunningdale Tech Ltd

Sunningdale Tech Ltd exports to Illumina Cambridge Ltd through the port of Los Angeles, California        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Sunningdale Tech Ltd and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database

 TEXAS INSTRUMENTS CENTER
 DELL PRODUCTS
 BOEING SUPPORT SERVICES
 LULULEMON USA INC
 JC PENNEY
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Sunningdale Tech Ltd
Sunningdale Tech Ltd exports to Illumina Cambridge Ltd through the port of Los Angeles, California


                                Bill of Lading                            





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



SUNNINGDALE TECH LTD
NO.60 BENOI ROAD, SUNNINGDALE TECH, EMS BUILDING, BLK 3 #02-12 SINGAPORE 629906 SG


ILLUMINA CAMBRIDGE
5200 ILLUMINA WAY SAN DIEGO SAN DIEGO 92122 US



Notify Party
Marks and Numbers



-NOT AVAILABLE
-NOT AVAILABLE



ILLUMINA CAMBRIDGE
ILLUMINA CAMBRIDGE
ILLUMINA CAMBRIDGE
ILLUMINA CAMBRIDGE
ILLUMINA CAMBRIDGE
ILLUMINA CAMBRIDGE





Master Bill of Lading Number
Container Number



HDMUSGWB0524837


HDMU4771862
HDMU4684006
CZZU2449179
HDMU4771862
HDMU4684006
CZZU2449179


Product Description




PLASTIC PARTS ( ON 20 PALLETS)
PLASTIC PARTS ( ON 15 PALLETS)
PLASTIC PARTS ( ON 20 PALLETS)
PLASTIC PARTS ( ON 20 PALLETS)
PLASTIC PARTS ( ON 15 PALLETS)
PLASTIC PARTS ( ON 20 PALLETS)









Bill of LadingPYRDSIN178792361Arrival Date2017-07-17Weight (LB)15,393Weight (KG)6,997Quantity660 CTNContainer Count3Voyage No.081EPort of LoadingSINGAPOREPort of DischargeLOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIAVessel NameHYUNDAI JAKARTACarrier CodePYRDCountry Of OriginSingaporePlace Of ReceiptSINGAPORE 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Sunningdale Tech Ltd. Join Now 







How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Get e-mail alerts when Sunningdale Tech Ltd has new shipments.                        

Processing, please wait ...









Submit












Contact Sunningdale Tech Ltd







 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 





Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.








Sunningdale Tech Ltd
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 109,970,574 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In





















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 

















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Lindstrom(ny)                                



                                    Eth Cargo Services, Inc On Behalf                                



                                    Xpo Global Forwading France                                



                                    Royal Textile Print, Inc.                                



                                    Kenh H Nguyen                                











                     
                                            109,970,574  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2880
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















