 





Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-stock Co.,Ltd. - high voltage diodes, bridge rectifiers, diodes for microwave ovens
































 
Menu






All
Product
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Companies


All


All
Product
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Companies





Search






 


















Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-stock Co.,Ltd.






                            With 36-year professional experience, Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-Stock Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer of discrete semiconductor devices and the largest manufacturer of high-voltage silicon diodes in the world.The company now has a staff of 924, among which there are 280 technicians. Since 1983, we have been importing whole sets of production technology and equipments from Japan and the US. In 1994, we obtained our ISO 9002:1994 quality system certificate; In 2003,we qualified for the ISO9001: 2000 certification. In 2004, we successfully transformed into a joint-stock company from a state-owned company. Now we are making preparation for the enlisting in the share market.
   We mainly produce high-voltage silicon diodes and bridge diodes. Our diodes are mainly used in fly-back transformers, high-voltage generators, MWOS and X-ray machines. Our customers include manufacturers who produce TVs, monitors, air cleaners, water purifiers, security devices and microwave ovens, such as LG, Samsung and Thomson.
 The annual output volume of diodes has surpassed 1 billion pieces, with an output value of more than 200 million RMB. We sell 80 million pieces of diodes to buyers in Europe, the US and Asia and the customers in the domestic market. The net of customers have been spread all over China and extended to 21 countries & regions overseas.












Ultra Fast Recovery Diodes with 5mA/12kV for FBT Extensions - 2CL01--03







bridge rectifiers







diodes for microwave ovens







2CL10-500/5-200 Silicon Special High-voltage Diode with 5 to 200kV








Company Profile








Membership:

                    On ECPlaza since 2006
                                        
                                    


Business Type:
Manufacturer, Exporter


Location:
 
                    Tianjin, 
                    China
                


Main Item / Product:
high voltage diodes


Keywords:

high voltage diodes,                                                        bridge rectifiers,                                                        diodes for microwave ovens 


Main Target Region:
World Wide


Representative / CEO's Name:
Shan Changshou


Year Established:
1969


Employees Total:
1,000 to 2,499



 







 Contact Information

Company Name
Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-stock Co.,Ltd.

Contact Person
Ding Xiufeng

Address
No.12 East Haitai Road, HuaYuan Industrial Zone, Hi-tech Industrial Park,Tianjin

City/Area
Tianjin

State/Province
Tianjin

Zip/Postal Code
300384

Country/Region
China

Telephone
86-22-2378-9769

Fax
86-22-2378-9786

Website
http://www.tjsemi.com

Website on ecplaza.net
tjsemi.en.ecplaza.net


 Contact Now 



 Contact Now 













 





















China products from Manufacturer: Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-Stock Co. Ltd





























Login | 

Register  | 
        
Buyer
Supplier


Messages  | 


Get Quotations




Products

Products
Suppliers
News






Popular Product Searches
 power bank 
 bluetooth speaker
 led
 bluetooth headset
 smart watch

































Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-Stock Co. Ltd




Submit RFQ and get quotes from verified suppliers

Request For Quotations (RFQ)
Get Quotations





Home

Product List
	
	
Current regulative diodesDiode bridgesDiodes/diode modulesFast recovery rectifiersHigh voltage diodesLaser diodesLaser modulesRectifiersSchottky barrier rectifiersSwitching diodesSee all product categories >>


Company Information
   

Contact Us

Home > Product List







Contact Supplier:
Inquire Now



Get e-mail alerts on latest products!




				Enter your e-mail address
				








Verified Suppliers Profile

Nell Power Semiconductor Co Ltd
Won-Top Electronics Co. Ltd
Nova Technology (HK) Co.Ltd
Yangzhou Positioning Tech Co. Ltd
Shenzhen Jin Da Peng Technology Co., Ltd.
Shenzhen Jiubaba Electronics Co. Ltd
CviLux Corporation
Shenzhen Jinyu Semiconductor Co. Ltd





Product CategoriesCategories below link to similar products from verified suppliers


Electronic Components


Current regulative diodesDiode bridgesDiodes/diode modulesFast recovery rectifiersHigh voltage diodesLaser diodesLaser modulesRectifiersSchottky barrier rectifiersSwitching diodesTVS diodesTransient voltage suppressors


See All Categories




Contact Details






For a quicker and more positive response,
Introduce yourself and your company
Indicate your requirements in detail
State any special requests or customization required
View sample
Enter 20 to 1500 characters


Send your inquiry direct to this supplier
Please type in English.



 
Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-Stock Co. Ltd

Address: 
12 East Haitai Rd., Huayuan, Industrial Zone, Hi-tech Industrial, Park, Tianjin, Tianjin, China  (300384)
Tel: 
			
 (86 22) 2378 9766  Ext : 6081

			
 (86 22) 2378 9761  Ext : 6092
Fax: 
			
 (86 22) 2378 9772

			/
			
 (86 22) 2378 9771

			


Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-Stock Co. Ltd does not currently advertise comprehensive company & product information with Global Sources. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of company and product information.









	
	  Verified Suppliers of Current regulative diode
	
	


Inquire Now

 Add to Basket 
          


Select all
|
Clear all


Please select product(s) below and click "Inquire Now" or "Add to Basket"







Diode Power Modu...







Dual Diode Power...







Diodes







ZMM12 diodes







ZMM20 Diodes







ZMM75 diodes







Current regulati...







ZMM10 diodes







ZMM24 diodes







ZMM91 diodes







ZMM11 diodes







ZMM82 diodes







ZMM18 Diodes







BZX84C2V7CCW Col...







BZX84C2V7CC pack...







High density app...







High density app...







Current regulati...



See more recently added Current regulative diode suppliers










Popular Searches




Top Products

Bipolar Transistor
1N4448 Switching Diodes
20a Rectifier Diodes
2a Schottky Diodes
3a Schottky Diodes
50a Schottky Diodes
Automobile Ignition System
Barrier Protection
Bridge Rectifier Module
BZX85C Zener Diodes



Top China Suppliers

China Bipolar Transistor
China 1N4448 Switching Diodes
China 20a Rectifier Diodes
China 50a Schottky Diodes
China Barrier Protection
China BZX85C Zener Diodes
China Cap And Header
China Schottky Barrier Diodes
China Super Fast Rectifier



Top Wholesale Products

Wholesale Bipolar Transistor
Wholesale 20A Rectifier Diodes
Wholesale Barrier Diodes
Wholesale Barrier Protection
Wholesale Barrier Rectifier
Wholesale Barrier Rectifier Diodes
Wholesale Bipolar Transistors
Wholesale Bridge Diodes
Wholesale Circuit Relay
Wholesale Cooling Module



Factories

Bipolar Transistor Factories
1N4448 Switching Diodes Factories
20a Rectifier Diodes Factories
2a Schottky Diodes Factories
3a Schottky Diodes Factories
50a Schottky Diodes Factories
Automobile Ignition System Factories
Barrier Protection Factories
Bridge Rectifier Module Factories
BZX85C Zener Diodes Factories



Product catalog

Bipolar Transistor
1N4448 Switching Diodes
20a Rectifier Diodes
2a Schottky Diodes
3a Schottky Diodes
50a Schottky Diodes
Automobile Ignition System
Barrier Protection
Bridge Rectifier Module
BZX85C Zener Diodes





Products Page 1
Products Page 2











      Share:
	  Facebook
Twitter
Google +
LinkedIn


	Follow us:  E-mail
 Bookmark



Find More Products:
Browse Product Categories
|
New Products
|
Top China Suppliers
|
Top Products


Copyright © 2017 Media Data Systems Pte Ltd (Singapore Co. Reg. No. 199001601W). All rights reserved.
 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Security Measures IP Policy
About The Translation
hkweb13.globalsources.com






Request for quotations


Fast and easy to use
Receive tailored offers
Compare quotations
Learn more






Close

Please select your preferred language:

If you wish to change the language or use the original language later, please refer to the header or footer for more language options.























AC





Inquire Now


 Add to Basket





Min. Order:



FOB Price:



Certs:
 More...


Video:Low|High












  Verified Manufacturer
  

    The business scope of this supplier's independently verified Business Registration, as licensed by relevant government agencies, allows it to manufacture goods.
    View BR Profile






 Supplier Capability Assessment
  

    This supplier has a supplier audit from an independent 3rd party of TÜV SÜD, Bureau Veritas or Easecredit.
    View details






 Private Sourcing Event
  

    This supplier was selected by a volume buyer to attend a Private Sourcing Event. 
    Learn more







 Magazine
  
Learn more by viewing this supplier's Magazine ad.



Download:Full-size ad  | e-Magazine | iPad app





 Major Customer
  

    This supplier has worked with the following Major Customers: 
	

View all






 Trade Show
  

Come and meet us at the Fair! Register




This supplier has exhibited at one or more of our specialized sourcing Trade Shows.



Click here to view  the online booth


View all





 Online Store
  

    This supplier has one or more e-commerce storefronts accessible here:   
	

Click here to learn more about this supplier








    This supplier is a participant in the Hinrich Foundation`s Export Assistance Program, which supports verified export manufacturers in developing countries across Asia.  
	
Learn more







Is the product image unclear or different from the product description? Is the product description or specifications incorrect or confusing?
Yes | No


Thank you!
Your submission has been received and will be reviewed.
Close










Request For Quotations (RFQ)
Fast-track your sourcing process in 3 easy steps

Submit request
Compare quotations
Contact suppliers

Get Quotations
Learn more









Contact Supplier:


Inquire Now




Product Alert
Get e-mail alerts on latest products!





				Enter your e-mail address
				







Back to Top



















Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconduc​tor Co., Ltd. | SEMI.ORG
































Skip to main content













 1.408.943.6900 
  
  
   |   Contact Us 



















Search form
Search




 







Select Regions 


Taiwan


Japan


Europe


Korea


North America

China
South East Asia


 

MEMBERS ONLY
LOG IN

 











Membership
Market Info
Standards
Advocacy

 













Toggle navigation




























Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconduc​tor Co., Ltd.







Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconduc​tor Co., Ltd.Street Address: No.12 East Haitai Road,Huayuan Industrial Park,Hi-tech Industrial ZoneTianjinChinaWeb Site Address: http://www.tjsemi.com
Company Description: Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Co., Ltd is a company which engages in the scientific research, production, operation and venture capital activity for the semiconductor materials, known as the new energy materials, and the energy-saving semiconductor devices, known as the energy-efficient devices. It is a high-tech enterprise in Tianjin with a unique two-industrial-chain and one post-doctoral research station as well as two provincial-level research and development centers.
Company ID: 251387Join Date: Feb 22, 2012 

Address Map: 
Primary Industry: SemiconductorPrimary Product Category: Device ManufacturingPrimary Product Sub Category: Discrete and Passive Components    




 



 
 







 








 

 



















Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-stock Co., Ltd.









 












































Home 
























 


Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-stock Co., Ltd. is the most powerful manufacturer of discrete semiconductor devices in mainland and almost takes the same place with the champion in the world. The main products of our company are High Voltage Diode, Rectifier Diode, Bridge Rectifier. These products are widely used in Flyback Transformer, CTV, Monitor, Micro-wave Oven, Air Cleaner, Air Conditioner, Washing Machine, Programme Control Exchanger, all kinds of adaptors and other electric equipments. The products' quality has reached international advanced level, and economic benefit ranks highly in the same industry in China. In 1994,the company passed ISO9002: 1994 product system approval. In 2003,the company passed ISO9001: 2000 quality system approval.Our products are sold to 22 countries & regions mainly including Asia, Europe and America. We supply them with our products in large quantities. Our powerful clients in domestic include: Konka, Shekor, Jewel, Shenzhen Baili. Our powerful clients in the world market include: Samsung, Lienchang, Seawise, Sampo, Thomas, Philips, Pulse(Eldor), Termal, Selora. They are satisfied with the products not only on the quality but also on our service.The annual production capacity of our company is over 1 billion pcs, with more than 200 million RMB Yuan annual turn over. The High Voltage Diode production and sales amount has ranked the first largest place in the world, with 43% market share abroad and 50% in domestic. The share rates of Rectifier Diode & Bridge Rectifier in China’s CTV market are over 20% and 50% respectively.












Feature Products









Bridge Rectifier







High Voltage Diode for Car Ignition







MWO High Voltage Diode









Rectifier Diode







High Voltage Diode for Special Using







High Voltage Diode




















Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Joint-stock Co., Ltd.


495 Huanghe Road, Nankai District, Tianjin, China


300111


86-22-27636175


86-22-27367884


Lin Chengbao


86-22-27636175












Latest Product









High Voltage







Bridge Rectifier







High Voltage







Rectifier Diode







MWO High Voltage







High Voltage












































Visitor Count : 





Last Modified : 2005 - 06 - 02





Home
            		       | 
            		   Product Catalog
            		       | 
            		   Contact Us
      			    |  Sitemap

►  English
         			       
         			   ►  简体版
         			       
         			   ►  繁體版





DIYTrade Popular Search : digital thermometer,   outdoor led display,   gps navigation,   two way radio,   power inverter
Powered by 
DIYTrade.com  Build your FREE website !

Find Best Price For China Products !



































  002129:Shenzhen Stock Quote - Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Co Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Co Ltd   002129:CH   Shenzhen      Trading has been halted for 002129:CH   8.24CNY   0.00   0.00%     As of 3:00 AM EDT 8/3/2017     Open   8.24    Day Range   8.24 - 8.24    Volume   0    Previous Close   8.24    52Wk Range   8.24 - 8.27                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   8.24    Day Range   8.24 - 8.24    Volume   0    Previous Close   8.24    52Wk Range   8.24 - 8.27    YTD Return   -0.60%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   54.04    Earnings per Share (CNY) (TTM)   0.15    Market Cap (b CNY)   21.789    Shares Outstanding  (b)   2.644    Price/Sales (TTM)   3.19    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   0.36%        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change -0.25%     Industry Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment   % Price Change -0.64%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Co., Ltd. manufactures discrete semiconductor devices. The Company's main products are High Voltage Diode, Silicon Rectifier Diode, Silicon Bridge Rectifier, MWO High Voltage Silicon Diode and special High Voltage Silicon Diode .    Address  No12 Haitai East RoadHuayuan Industry ParkTianjin, China, 300384China   Phone  86-22-2378-9787   Website   www.tjsemi.com     Executives Board Members    Shen Haoping  Chairman/President    Gao Shuliang  Vice President    Qin Yumao  Vice President    Zhang Changxu  Vice President    An Yanqing  Vice President     Show More         


    Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Co., Ltd. - Chinese Company Report
























Login -
  My basket -
  




EUR GBP 


























Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Co., Ltd. - Chinese Company Report

April 2016
41 pages
Asia Market Information & Development Company
        

Report ID: 3730813



Summary
Table of contents
Search Inside


		AMID's Chinese Company Report (CCR) provides information on the Chinese large public-traded corporations, large manufacturing producers, large financial companies or large service providers. In the two past decades, the Chinese industry has been growing at a fast pace.   The dramatic expansions of the manufacturing capabilities and rising consumer consumptions in China have transformed China’s society and economy. China is one of the world’s major producers for industrial and consumer products. Far outpacing other economies in the world, China is the world’s fastest growing market for the consumptions of goods and services.  The Chinese economy maintains a high speed growth which has been stimulated by the consecutive increases of industrial output, imports & exports, consumer consumption and capital investment for over two decades. Rapid consolidation between medium and large players is anticipated since the Chinese government has been encouraging industry consolidation with an effort to regulate the industry and to improve competitiveness in the world market. Although China has enjoyed the benefits of an expanding market for production and distribution, the industry is suffering from minimal innovation and investment in R&D and new product development. The sector’s economies of scale have yet to be achieved. Most domestic manufacturers lack the autonomic intellectual property and financial resources to develop their own brand name products. This new study focuses on the company's business overiew, organzation structure, products and services, production locations, recent activities, and financail data Asia Market Info & Dev Co. is one of the leading sources for up-to-date market information and research on the fastest-growing Chinese markets. We have published over 2,000 reports focusing on the Chinese markets,  industry forecasts and company profiles. We provide hard-to-find market data and analyses. Our publications are intended to help international marketers identify business opportunities and promote their product sales in the Chinese markets.


		TABLE OF CONTENTS I. Business Overview II. Financial Data  








            Loading...
          


            We are very sorry, but an error occurred.
            Please contact support@reportbuyer.com if the problem remains.
          









Immediate delivery






              $ 200 - 1 User License
              

              $ 400 - Department License
              

              $ 400 - Site License
              




Get Report
Pay by invoice
Get a quote



 Veronica helps you find the right report:

+1 718 213 4904
Contact by email




FAQ

Delivery time
User license
Payment options



Testimonials







The market research advisor answered my questions quickly and professionally. ReportBuyer's team did their best to ensure that I felt comfortable before making the investment to purchase the report.


Cristian Nunez
          Director of Corporate Development Chugach Alaska Corporation
        



My overall experience with ReportBuyer today has been very positive, and I must thank you for your patience (...). Also, the sample you sent me and the explanations provided were very helpful.


D. Lescuyer
          Executive Vice President Oral Business at Skyepharma
        



The research specialist was very helpful, and proposed the best content for my needs.
ReportBuyer also offered a great follow-up, thanks for everything !


P. Thompson
          EMEA Managing Director
        



We were satisfied with the support that ReportBuyer's team provided. Thanks to their recommendations, the report we purchased provided exactly what we want.


Y. Wang
          Business Analyst
        



We didn't have time to do the research internally, and thanks to ReportBuyer's team we were able to find the appropriate data.


S. Chen
          Research Coordinator
        



I was impressed by the customer service: it was fast, responsive, and 100% professional !


D. Krivan
          Market Research Analyst
        



The research specialist provided prompt and helpful service. He also followed up to ensure I had all the information to deliver my business development plan.


C. Adams
          Senior Business Development Manager
        












Our reports have been used by over 10K customers, including:









































































Related reports and data






            Topics
                            related to
                                        
        Semiconductor
    




        Active Component
    



        Diode
    



        Electronic Component
    



        Electronics Manufacturing
    



        LED
    



        Microchip
    



        Optoelectronics
    



        Printed Circuit Board
    



        Sensor
    



        Transistor
    






            Parent Industry        


Electronics Manufacturing







            Related Industries
        


Electrical Equipment


Furniture Manufacturing


Industrial Equipment


Metal Manufacturing


Packaging


Printing


Publishing


Shipbuilding


















                    Foshan Nationstar Optoelectronics Company Limited
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Foshan Nationstar Optoelectronics Company Limited  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of...
                                            
















                    Tianshui Huatian Technology Company Limited
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Tianshui Huatian Technology Company Limited  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company,...
                                            
















                    Shenzhen Jufei Optoelectronics Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Shenzhen Jufei Optoelectronics Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company,...
                                            
















                    Xiamen Changelight Co Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Xiamen Changelight Co Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    Jiangxi Lianchuang Optoelectronic
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Jiangxi Lianchuang Optoelectronic  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    Jiangsu Changjiang Electronics Technology Company
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Jiangsu Changjiang Electronics Technology Company  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of...
                                            





More…





        Country=China Industry=ElectronicsManufacturing ParentIndustry=Manufacturing Date=201604 Topic=CompanyProfile Publisher=AsiaMarketInformation&DevelopmentCompany Price=1000
    












 




Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor. Co., Ltd., Active ComponentsSuppliers, Active ComponentsWholesaler-Trade2cn.Com






























products
Selling Leads
Buying Leads
Suppliers
News










						Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor. Co., Ltd.
			








 Add to My Favorite    
			









Global Shops
















Home
Products
Selling Leads
About us
Album
Contact us












Products


more


Contact us




			  		 Haoping Shen
			  	














Phone

							
							
								0086-22-23789766
							
						


Mobile




Fax

							
							
								0086-22-23789786
							
						


Post code

							
							
								300384
							
						


Address

							
								No.12 East Haita...
							
							
						
















Links

 







Introduction



Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor Co., Ltd.(TJSEMI) was a state-holding enterprise who had the scientific research, production and management, venture of semiconductor material - solar materials and semiconductor devices, new energy device. Have two municipal r&d center, one postdoctoral research stations. April 22, 2007, took IPO in Shenzhen Stock Exchange market successfully. Company devotes to the semiconductor energy-saving and new energy industry, in which has the powerful comprehensive strength in semiconductor solar silicon, silicon material, semiconductor rectifier devices, and the development, manufacturing and management of energy-saving semiconductor devices technology. Currently the FZ crystal industry of company ranked third in the world, more than 70% of the domestic market share; CZ crystal and silicon wafer technology is advanced in the scale of production and marketing aspects of the domestic. And The Polished silicon wafers industry is the leading In domestic. Semiconductor rectifier devices industry and Semiconductor devices is advanced in domestic.TJSEMI will fully utilized the company's double industry chain superiority of unique Monocrystalline silicon material - Polished silicon wafers - Semiconductor and solar silicon device. Through Progress in technology, product innovation, optimize management, change management, build to energy-efficient products and new energy product-oriented industry structure.

More details













Hot ProductsMore Products




New Selling LeadsMore Selling leads




Company Profile


Company Name
Tianjin Zhonghuan Semiconductor. Co., Ltd. 


Main Industry
Electronic Components & Supplies - Active Components


Business Type
Manufacturer 


Main Products & Services

							
								Semiconductor materials, solar energy materials an...
							
							
						


Area
Dagang,Tianjin,China


Website

http://www.tjsemi.com



Canton Fair Information


















share:

Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin





Home -
				Products -
				Suppliers -
				Selling Leads -
				Buying Leads -
				Trade Matching -
				Trade News -
				My Office -
				About Us -
				Contact Us -
				Sitemap -
				Help

Copyright © 2000-2011 China B-to-B Holdings Ltd.



















天津市中环电子信息集团有限公司























Group profile



Tianjin Zhonghuan Electronic and information(Group)Co.,Ltd.(former Tianjin industrial Bureau of Electronics and instruments) is a large state-owned enterprise group authorized by Tianjin Municipal Government to manage state-owned assets. Now it has 113 state-owned, state-controlled shareholding companies(listed 2), and 44 joint ventures, with total assets of 42.7 billion yuan and sixty thousand staff. In 2012,Zhonghuan ranked 98 among China's top 500 companies and 36 among China's top 500 manufacturing companies. 

more...






News



Zhonghuan Group and Bohai Chemical Industry Group signed a strategic
Zhonghuan Group April Production Conference








Business Division 



Professional Communication
Semiconductor materials and Devices
Intelligent Instruments and control
Basic Electronic Products and Components
System Integration
New Energy(PV)
Green Lighting( LED)
New Generation High-tech Products





Listed Companies 







Zhonghuan semiconductor


									Price:




									Change:




Tianjin printronics


									Price:




									Change:










Contact us|OA system|E-mail|Zhonghuan IT


        	All Rights Reserved: Tianjin Zhonghuan Electronics and Information Group Co.,ltd | ICP: 09005872











	中环股份 欢迎您！














中环半导体
中文|English


员工通道成员企业






首 页
关于中环
产品与应用
技术与研发
可持续发展
投资者关系
新闻中心
加入中环
联系我们




















[ 中环股份 深交所 （002129） 



 ]



产品与应用

高效光伏电站
太阳能产品
太阳能材料
半导体材料
半导体器材




中环新闻更多


中环电子集团90余名领导到访中..7月19日， 公司控股股东中环电子集团2017年年中工作会议在津正式启幕，集团公司领导，集团公司外部董事，市国资委第五监..
2017-07-24详情


中环电子集团90余名领导到访中环股份参观交流2017-07-24内蒙古呼和浩特市委副书记、代市长、内蒙古和林格尔新区党工委书..2017-07-24德国瓦克化学股份有限公司多晶硅业务部总裁Tobias Bra..2017-07-24天津市政协副主席李文喜一行莅临中环股份参观调研2017-07-07中环股份开展“维护核心、铸就忠诚、担当作为、抓实支部”主题实..2017-07-06



中环专题

video converter












video converter



















 
   天津中环半导体股份有限公司 津ICP备05006862号 网络品牌策划：第一印象 联系我们|人力资源|全景漫游|网站地图|法律声明|企业邮箱 






中环股份成员企业网站
天津中环半导体股份有限公司
天津市环欧半导体材料技术有限公司
天津中环领先材料技术有限公司
内蒙古中环光伏材料有限公司
中环能源（内蒙古）有限公司








X





天津中环半导体股份有限公司
天津市环欧半导体材料技术有限公司
天津中环领先材料技术有限公司
内蒙古中环光伏材料有限公司
中环能源（内蒙古）有限公司



企业概况
团队管理
企业文化
工厂漫游
发展历程
成员企业
资质荣誉

高效光伏电站
太阳能产品
太阳能材料
半导体材料
半导体器材

研发平台
技术成果

节能减排
新能源

实时股价
公司公告
投资者服务


中环要闻
专题报道


选择中环
职业机会 
工作在中环


联系方式
在线留言








Tianjin Zhonghuan Tianhong Motor Technology Co., Ltd.





























































HOME





ABOUT US





PROFILE





ORATION





CULTURAL





ORGANIZATION





CERTIFICATE







PRODUCTS





NEWS





COMPANY





INDUSTRY







JOB





TALENTS





JOB STATUS







MESSAGE





CONTACT US


























































	 



	 

	Our company affiliated to Tianjin Zhonghuan Electronic Information Group Co., ltd..The company formerly known as Tianjin city micro motor factory was founded in 1958. We have large-scale export-oriented state-owned enterprises for more than fifty years of history...

























No relevant information 









PRODUCT CLASS：








					Pump Series



					Motor Parts



					Fan Motor Series



					Ventilation Equipment Series Motor



					Fractional Horsepower  Series Motor



					DC Series Motor



					High Efficiency Series Motor



					Actuator Series Motor



					Control Micromotor Series













































CF6C5-A1X2: 


												Control Mi...




















CF6C5-A1X2: 


												Pump motor




















CF6C5-A1X2: 


												Motor Part...




















CF6C5-A1X2: 


												Actuator m...




















CF6C5-A1X2: 


												DC motor




















CF6C5-A1X2: 


												Fractional...



































        									Information is b...


Published:2013-06-08



























				Position: 1 motor design, process design, production line operator 2 machining (CNC lathe, milling, lathe, grinder, fitter etc.) 3 sales business five, repair equipment (CNC and general machine tool)...


















				Contact: Mr. Chen Yong (Vice Minister of the Sales Department)
				Tel:86-22 -26340884-807
				Fax:86 -22-26340885
				Address: Handan Road, Beichen District, Tianjin, China
				Zip Code: 300400


















	Contact: Mr. Chen Yong (Vice Minister of the Sales Department)
	Tel:86-022-26340884-805  86-022-26628097-805
	Fax:86 -22-26340885
	Address: Handan Road, Beichen District, Tianjin, China
	Zip Code: 300400












				COPYRIGHT：Tianjin Zhonghuan Tianhong Motor Technology Co., Ltd. 津ICP备000000000
Powered by www.300.cn











