


TSMC to Sell 5% of Vanguard International Semiconductor





















 



























TSMC to Sell 5% of Vanguard International Semiconductor


Issued by: TSMC
          Issued on: 2015/06/09



Hsinchu, Taiwan, R.O.C. – June 9, 2015 –The TSMC (TWSE: 2330, NYSE: TSM) Board of Directors today approved the sale of 82 million common shares of Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation (VIS), approximately 5% of VIS’ paid-in-capital, at a price of about NT$47.37 per share and a total price of approximately NT$3.88 billion. Currently, TSMC holds approximately 33.3% of VIS shares on a fully diluted basis, which would decline to approximately 28.3% after the sale.

TSMC will remain the largest shareholder of VIS, and TSMC announces that it has no plan to sell more VIS shares in the foreseeable future. This share sale will not affect the strategic relations between the two companies. TSMC expects to continue its close collaboration with VIS, including licensing certain technologies and transferring certain technical know-how to, and sourcing wafers from, the latter.






 




TSMC Spokesperson


Lora Ho
              Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer & Spokesperson 
               
              Tel: 886-3-5054602





TSMC Acting Spokesperson


Elizabeth Sun
              Senior Director, TSMC Corporate Communications Division 
               
              Tel: 886-3-5682085
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              Email: elizabeth_sun@tsmc.com











Copyright® Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited 2010-, All Rights Reserved.






VIS - Specialty IC Foundry of Choice


























































 Home
> About
      VIS >  Corporate
      Overview > Corporate Overview


  





















 



 













VIS-Online
 


Contact VIS






 



 


 

 








CORPORATE OVERVIEW





  

                Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation (VIS) is a leading specialty IC foundry service provider. Since its founding in December 1994 in Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan, VIS has been achieving continuous success in its technology development and production efficiency improvement. VIS has also been consistently offering its customers cost-effective solutions and high value-added services. VIS currently has three 8-inch fabs with a monthly capacity of approximately 195,000 wafers in 2017.
 VIS is a spin-off of the Sub-Micron Project, sponsored  by the Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI). Original investors  include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation (TSMC) and 13 other  institutional investors. VIS was founded with the primary focuses on the  production and development of DRAM and other memory IC. In March 1998, VIS  became a listed company on the Taiwan Over-The-Counter Stock Exchange (OTC).  Its main  shareholders include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation (TSMC) ,  National Development Fund and other institutional investors.


                    In 1999,  VIS started to work as a subcontractor for TSMC for the manufacturing of logic  and mixed signal products. In 2000, VIS officially announced its plan to  transform from a DRAM manufacturer into a foundry service provider. In February  2004, VIS completely terminated its DRAM production and became a pure-play  foundry company. 
					

					In 2007, VIS announced the procurement of 8" fabs from Winbond. With this acquisition, VIS unleashed the growth momentum, accommodated customers' demands in capacity and technology, and provided a more comprehensive solution portfolio for our customers.In 2014, VIS acquired the fab owned by Nanya Technology located in Taoyan County and acquired Sumpro's equipment, spare parts and inventories. This transaction allows VIS to obtain capacity advantages and VIS will continue to grow and improve profitability steadily.

										
                    VIS has continued its investment in the product  development and process technology for the market needs. VIS offers a wide  range of process technologies, including High Voltage, Ultra High Voltage, Bipolar CMOS DMOS (BCD), Discrete, SOI (Silicon on Insulator), Logic, Mixed-Signal, Analog, High Precision Analog, and Embedded  Memory to further help increase its foundry customers’ global competitiveness. 

					In order to enhance its IP service capability, VIS has continued its IP development by strengthening strategic relationship with its IP provision partners. Currently available IPs are standard cell library, SRAM, one-time programmable, multiple-time programmable, and electrical fuse.  With the help from strategic IP partners, VIS can also provide IPs that are required by specialty ICs. 
					
                    VIS has about 5,000 employees. We are committed to adhere to our customer-oriented business  philosophy to provide our customers with continuously improved and enhanced  specialty IC foundry services. To better serve its worldwide customers, VIS has  established sales offices in Taiwan and sales representatives in worldwide main  IC clusters. 



					With our display driver IC,power management and discrete power devices all exhibiting distinctive operational performances, and in order to diversify product and market centralization, reduce operating risks and extend its reaches in the high-margin market. In addition to our existing high-voltage analog, BCD , and ultra-high-voltage processes, the company will continue to accelerate the development projects relating to sensing devices, fingerprint sensor ICs, high current power management ICs, and embedded flash, to adapt to the energy saving and carbon reduction era and to satisfy market demand for automobile electronics and Internet of Things applications. We believe those efforts will be beneficial toward enhancing our business operations. Furthermore, the company will continue to engage more IDM companies and oversea customers to expand customer base and will strengthen ties and forge long-lasting partnerships with customers to secure our leading position among specialty IC foundry industries, and ultimately to become one of the world's leading companies in HV,PMIC and discrete power in foundry industry.
					
 


 











 

















 
Sitemap l Contact Us l FAQ l Legal Notice & Trademark Information 
      © 2006, Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation. All Rights 
      Reserved. Best Viewed in MSIE. 
 





VIS - Specialty IC Foundry of Choice





























 

























Latest News








2017/07/31
VIS Reports 2017 Second Quarter Results







2017/07/10
Monthly Sales Report - June 2017 






















2017/06/09
Monthly Sales Report - May 2017


 



2017/05/09
Monthly Sales Report - April 2017









Hot Link








Quarterly Results & Investor Conference Report








Internal Audit Org. & Operation















Investor Information











2017/07/31
2Q'17 Investor Conference












2017/05/08
1Q'17 Investor Conference












Events

























VIS-Online


VIS-eSupply


Contact VIS



























 
Sitemap l Contact Us l FAQ l Legal Notice & Trademark Information 
                                 © 2006, Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Best Viewed in MSIE. 
 












VIS - Specialty IC Foundry of Choice



























































 回首頁
      > 加入我們


  





















 



 













VIS-Online
 


利害關係人聯絡專區






 



 


 

 









加入我們



 











加入世界先進

 









 











企業願景與經營理念





技術員專區







熱門職缺






徵試進度查詢




研發替代役 [New]



校園徵才行程 [New]







 





學習與發展

 









 











完整的訓練體系



多元的學習文化



豐富的學習資源



優質的學習環境





 

 


 











工作與生活

 









 





我們營造一個身心平衡的工作與生活環境，不但有完善的休閒設施，更提供多元化的社團活動及健康諮詢服務 ..... 

 
 





福利措施

 









 





這是一個值得您終生學習發展的環境，不僅提供領先業界的薪資福利制度，更擁有精緻活潑的休閒空間 ..... 

 

 


 











聯絡我們























聯絡人



公司位置




交通資訊(新竹廠)




交通資訊(桃園)








 



















 













 










 








 
網站地圖
      l 利害關係人聯絡專區 l 問答集 l 法律及商標 
      © 2006, Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation. All Rights 
      Reserved. Best Viewed in MSIE. 
 







VIS Online



































messages

								     
								


Errors

Connection time out! Your last access to VIS-Online has past over 4 hours. Please login again.















                                HTTPS Enabling Reminder
                            



								VIS-Online provides HTTPS ONLY as transmission for internet communication after Nov. 19th, 2012.
								But if the IP address which login VIS-Online at first time or has HTTPS failure event once, we still allow HTTP for temporary transmission.
								

                                    If having HTTPS connection issue, please contact VIS-Online Support Team : Tel : 886-3-5670218
                                    , Email Address :
                                    online_supervisor@vis.com.tw
















 




 User Name:  







 Password:  














										  Forget your user name or password?





Switch to Secure Connection (SSL)
















Legal Notices:
Please read these terms carefully before using this site.
Please note that all information contained in this online system shall be VIS's Confidential Information which VIS owns all titles, rights and interests to and in such Confidential Information. Any unauthorized use, dissemination, distribution, or disclosing of such Confidential Information is strictly prohibited. The information contained herein is intended only for the use of VIS's customer subject to the Non-Disclosing Agreement executed with VIS.





See Our Disclaimer of Warranty & Limitation of Liability












  If you have problem with accessing VIS-Online, please refer to the Trouble Shooting Guide.  Or you can consult VIS-Online Supervisor (online_supervisor@vis.com.tw) to help you solving the trouble.
  Enable the browser's "Cookie" and "JavaScript" function.
 Best viewed with Internet Explore 5.5+, FF 1.5+ or Google Chrome 31+ with a minimum of 1024x768 resolution.
 First time guest, please contact VIS account manager to open an account now.





									Copyright (c) 2002-2007, Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation













VIS - Specialty IC Foundry of Choice


























































 Home
> About
      VIS >  Corporate
      Overview > Corporate Overview


  





















 



 













VIS-Online
 


Contact VIS






 



 


 

 








CORPORATE OVERVIEW





  

                Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation (VIS) is a leading specialty IC foundry service provider. Since its founding in December 1994 in Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan, VIS has been achieving continuous success in its technology development and production efficiency improvement. VIS has also been consistently offering its customers cost-effective solutions and high value-added services. VIS currently has three 8-inch fabs with a monthly capacity of approximately 195,000 wafers in 2017.
 VIS is a spin-off of the Sub-Micron Project, sponsored  by the Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI). Original investors  include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation (TSMC) and 13 other  institutional investors. VIS was founded with the primary focuses on the  production and development of DRAM and other memory IC. In March 1998, VIS  became a listed company on the Taiwan Over-The-Counter Stock Exchange (OTC).  Its main  shareholders include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation (TSMC) ,  National Development Fund and other institutional investors.


                    In 1999,  VIS started to work as a subcontractor for TSMC for the manufacturing of logic  and mixed signal products. In 2000, VIS officially announced its plan to  transform from a DRAM manufacturer into a foundry service provider. In February  2004, VIS completely terminated its DRAM production and became a pure-play  foundry company. 
					

					In 2007, VIS announced the procurement of 8" fabs from Winbond. With this acquisition, VIS unleashed the growth momentum, accommodated customers' demands in capacity and technology, and provided a more comprehensive solution portfolio for our customers.In 2014, VIS acquired the fab owned by Nanya Technology located in Taoyan County and acquired Sumpro's equipment, spare parts and inventories. This transaction allows VIS to obtain capacity advantages and VIS will continue to grow and improve profitability steadily.

										
                    VIS has continued its investment in the product  development and process technology for the market needs. VIS offers a wide  range of process technologies, including High Voltage, Ultra High Voltage, Bipolar CMOS DMOS (BCD), Discrete, SOI (Silicon on Insulator), Logic, Mixed-Signal, Analog, High Precision Analog, and Embedded  Memory to further help increase its foundry customers’ global competitiveness. 

					In order to enhance its IP service capability, VIS has continued its IP development by strengthening strategic relationship with its IP provision partners. Currently available IPs are standard cell library, SRAM, one-time programmable, multiple-time programmable, and electrical fuse.  With the help from strategic IP partners, VIS can also provide IPs that are required by specialty ICs. 
					
                    VIS has about 5,000 employees. We are committed to adhere to our customer-oriented business  philosophy to provide our customers with continuously improved and enhanced  specialty IC foundry services. To better serve its worldwide customers, VIS has  established sales offices in Taiwan and sales representatives in worldwide main  IC clusters. 



					With our display driver IC,power management and discrete power devices all exhibiting distinctive operational performances, and in order to diversify product and market centralization, reduce operating risks and extend its reaches in the high-margin market. In addition to our existing high-voltage analog, BCD , and ultra-high-voltage processes, the company will continue to accelerate the development projects relating to sensing devices, fingerprint sensor ICs, high current power management ICs, and embedded flash, to adapt to the energy saving and carbon reduction era and to satisfy market demand for automobile electronics and Internet of Things applications. We believe those efforts will be beneficial toward enhancing our business operations. Furthermore, the company will continue to engage more IDM companies and oversea customers to expand customer base and will strengthen ties and forge long-lasting partnerships with customers to secure our leading position among specialty IC foundry industries, and ultimately to become one of the world's leading companies in HV,PMIC and discrete power in foundry industry.
					
 


 











 

















 
Sitemap l Contact Us l FAQ l Legal Notice & Trademark Information 
      © 2006, Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation. All Rights 
      Reserved. Best Viewed in MSIE. 
 







VIS - Specialty IC Foundry of Choice


























































 回首頁
      > 股東專區 >公司治理


  




















 



 













VIS-Online
 


利害關係人聯絡專區






 



 


 

 






 

公司治理























			世界先進自設立以來，一直積極致力秉持公司治理之精神，規劃落實符合公司治理精神之經營策略，以確保公司能經由公司治理之機制，健全公司的整體營運，並追求股東的最大利益。世界先進於民國九十二年禮聘多位具產業實務經驗之專家及財經、法律專業人士加入新任董事會，並於第四屆董事會（九十二年六月五日選舉組成）設置「稽核」、「公司治理暨提名」及「薪酬」等三委員會，大幅強化了董事會的監督功能及公司治理的功能。對於保障股東權益、強化董事會職能、發揮監察人功能、尊重利害關係人權益、提昇資訊透明度等公司治理的重要原則，世界先進亦均已訂定相關規章落實執行。第五屆董事會於九十五年五月十一日改選成立，因應政府法令變更以及公司治理需求，在董事會之下成立「準審計委員會」及「薪酬委員會」，並依據政府頒布的委員會組織規程參考範例，重新訂定「準審計委員會組織規程」以及「薪酬委員會組織規程」；同時依據政府頒布的參考範例，訂定「董事會議事規則」，可整體促進公司治理重要原則的有效達成，並於民國九十七年獲得公司治理制度評量認證。民國一百零一年第七屆董事會更延攬三位擁有豐富經驗獨立董事加入，並依法成立「審計委員會」及「薪資報酬委員會」，重新訂定「審計委員會組織規程」以及「薪資報酬委員會組織規程」。世界先進訂有完整的內部控制制度並已有效執行，在日常營運上，除要求各單位辦理自行檢查作業外，董事會及管理階層亦均會定期檢討各單位自行檢查結果及稽核單位之稽核報告，以求落實公司營運的效果及效率，確保財務報告的正確性以及確認已遵循所有相關法規。
			

				本公司設置之公司治理專職單位為財務處公司理財部，負責擬定和執行公司治理相關計劃、辦理公司登記和變更登記等，並由財務副總經理督導，以達到保障股東權益、強化董事會職能、發揮審計委員會功能、尊重利害關係人權益和提昇資透明度。另外，本公司由董事會秘書處、內部稽核和人資處等相關單位負責提供董事執行業務所需資料，並由董事會秘書處依法辦理董事會及股東會之相關事宜，及完成董事會及股東會議事錄。

			




106年榮獲公司治理獎項 


組織
獎項


財團法人中華民國證券暨期貨市場發展基金會
第三屆「公司治理評鑑」前5%公司


105年榮獲公司治理獎項 


組織
獎項


財團法人中華民國證券暨期貨市場發展基金會
第二屆「公司治理評鑑」前5%公司


天下雜誌
「天下企業公民獎」大型企業組第29名


財團法人中華公司治理協會
「公司治理評量」特優



				 「以誠信為原則，堅持高度職業道德」為本公司經營理念之首。
				   本公司所有員工均應迴避可能之利益衝突，並絕對禁止任何形式的賄賂、
				   舞弊、脅迫或其他不法行為。
				   當您知曉本公司同仁有上述行為時，歡迎依分層負責原則，挑選下列適當
				   的投訴信箱進行舉報。
				   審計委員會信箱收件後，系統將直接轉寄給獨立董事處理，本公司並不會
				   留存副本。
				   為利於後續追蹤聯繫，歡迎留下有效連絡方式(電話/Email)，舉報承辦人將
				   絕對保密。
				   

				   審計委員會信箱：audit_committee@vis.com.tw

				   董事長信箱：    vis_chairman@vis.com.tw
				   總經理信箱：    vis_president@vis.com.tw














 

















 
網站地圖
      l 利害關係人聯絡專區 l 問答集 l 法律及商標 
      © 2006, Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation. All Rights
      Reserved. Best Viewed in MSIE. 
 







Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 1:00 PM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation provides specialty integrated circuit (IC) foundry services to fabless semiconductor companies and integrated devices manufacturers worldwide. It is involved in the manufacture, sale, packaging, testing, and computer-aided design of ICs and other semiconductor devices; and the manufacture of masks. The company offers a range of foundry process technologies, including high voltage, ultra-high voltage, bipolar CMOS DMOS (BCD), silicon on insulator (SOI), discrete, logic, mixed-signal, analog, high precision analog, magnetic sensor, and embedded memory. Its services include wafer foundry services using generic logic, high voltage, mixed signal, a...
Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation provides specialty integrated circuit (IC) foundry services to fabless semiconductor companies and integrated devices manufacturers worldwide. It is involved in the manufacture, sale, packaging, testing, and computer-aided design of ICs and other semiconductor devices; and the manufacture of masks. The company offers a range of foundry process technologies, including high voltage, ultra-high voltage, bipolar CMOS DMOS (BCD), silicon on insulator (SOI), discrete, logic, mixed-signal, analog, high precision analog, magnetic sensor, and embedded memory. Its services include wafer foundry services using generic logic, high voltage, mixed signal, analog, RF CMOS, embedded OTP, mask ROM, ultra-low power CMOS, low Rds-on LDMOS, BCD, and CMOS image sensor technologies; multiple project wafer services; mask services comprising frame generation, mask making, and mask repairing; and design services consisting of in-house library, third party library and IP, EDA technology kit services, and IP alliances. The company was founded in 1994 and is based in Hsinchu, Taiwan.
Detailed Description


Science-Based Industrial Park123, Park Avenue-3rdHsinchu,  300TaiwanFounded in 1994



Phone: 886 3 577 0355

Fax: 886 3 578 8572

www.vis.com.tw







Key Executives for Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation


Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation Key Developments

Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation Reports Consolidated Earnings Results for the Second Quarter of 2017; Provides Earnings Guidance for the Third Quarter of 2017
Jul 31 17
Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation reported consolidated earnings results for the second quarter of 2017. For the quarter, the company reported revenues of TWD 5,871 million. Net income was TWD 979 million and EPS was TWD 0.6. On a sequential basis, second quarter 2017 revenue decreased around 6.3% from TWD 6,263 million in previous quarter. On a year-over-year comparison, revenue for the second quarter decreased around 9.2%.

For the third quarter of 2017, the company expects revenue to be between TWD 6.1 billion and TWD 6.5 billion, gross profit margin to be between 30% and 32% and operating profit margin to be between 19% and 21%.


Vanguard International Semiconductor Co. Announces Retirement of Jun-Wei Chen, Vice President of RD, Effective July 31, 2017
Jul 28 17
Vanguard International Semiconductor Co. announced retirement of Jun-Wei Chen, Vice president of RD, effective date is July 31, 2017.


Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation, Q2 2017 Earnings Call, Jul 31, 2017
Jul 17 17
Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation, Q2 2017 Earnings Call, Jul 31, 2017


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Abomem Techology Corp Asia Afa Technologies, Inc. Asia Agamem Microelectronics, Inc. Asia AIDE Energy (Cayman) Holding Co., Ltd. Asia AMIC Technology Corp. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      February 21, 2017
			    
VIS Associates Inc.





Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation, please visit www.vis.com.tw.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation - Wikipedia






















 






Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search







This article has multiple issues. Please help improve it or discuss these issues on the talk page. (Learn how and when to remove these template messages)






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (February 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article relies too much on references to primary sources. Please improve this by adding secondary or tertiary sources. (February 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)







This article relies largely or entirely on a single source. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. Please help improve this article by introducing citations to additional sources. (February 2011)




(Learn how and when to remove this template message)






EDO RAM by Vanguard


Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation (VIS) is a specialized IC foundry service provider. It is founded in December 1994 in Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan, by Morris Chang. In March 1998, VIS became a listed company on the Taiwan Over-The-Counter Stock Exchange (OTC) with the main shareholder being TSMC, National Development Fund and other institutional investors.
VIS was working as a subcontractor for TSMC for the manufacturing of logic and mixed signal products, primary focusing on the production and development of DRAM and other memory IC. In 2000, VIS announced its plan to transform from a DRAM manufacturer into a foundry service provider. As of February 2004, VIS completely terminated its DRAM production and became a pure-play foundry company. In 2007, VIS has acquired the 8-inch fab of Winbond Electronics Corp. expanding its production ability.
Sponsored by the Industrial Technology Research Institute. One of its main investors is TSMC.
VIS currently has two 8-inch fabs with a monthly output of approximately 110,000 wafers.
See also[edit]

List of companies of Taiwan

References[edit]

VIS Corporate Overview

Coordinates: 24°46′30″N 120°59′49″E﻿ / ﻿24.7749°N 120.9970°E﻿ / 24.7749; 120.9970




 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Vanguard_International_Semiconductor_Corporation&oldid=748471483"					
Categories: Foundry semiconductor companiesElectronics companies of TaiwanTechnology companies of TaiwanCompanies based in HsinchuCompanies established in 1994Taiwanese brandsHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from February 2011All articles needing additional referencesArticles lacking reliable references from February 2011All articles lacking reliable referencesCoordinates not on Wikidata 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 8 November 2016, at 09:57.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









            Vanguard Int'l Semiconductor Corp - Hsinchu City 300, #123 Yuan Chu 3th Rd,scie..., CO.REGISTRATION NO. 84149358


































































                    Company directory and business data solutions



About Kompass







                                        Register






                                        Login







                                                    Login
×



                                                    Please fill in your login and password







Register
Login


Forgot your password ?


























								English

























Need advice?
Please contact one of our team of experts from Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm or by email




+33 9 77 57 42 74





Contact us











                    Search across 10.5 million selected companies  in more than  60 countries.

















or




all
suppliers
one company











Rechercher















                                    Data Access



Business solutions 
Sales leads? Online promotion?


EasyBusiness
EasyList

                                   Digital solutions
Booster
Promotional solutions




See all business solutions

Videos & Tutorials

Quizz




EasyBusiness
Find the right sales leads!

                                With more than 10.5 million companies and 60 search criteria, our global B2B database, EasyBusiness, will help you find the right customer leads and marketing lists.
Find out more >


EasyList
Need help with finding prospects?
EasyList is our straightforward on demand tool designed to help you build personalised company lists from a global database of 9 million companies.
Find out more


Booster
Engage your target audience!
Engage your target audience and attract new business leads using the Kompass.com our global online digital directory. With over 6m visitors per month from 69 countries worldwide, let us improve your SEO and increase your customer traffic.
Find out more >


Promotional solutions
Attract relevant enquiries!
Build, enhance and manage your company profile to attract visitors instantly. Use our PPC experts to help drive relevant enquiries through to your profile – cost effective, managed and GUARANTEED.
Find out more >















                                          Vanguard Int'l Semiconductor Corp





x


Every month we have millions of visitors on Kompass, looking for companies like yours. Register your company on Kompass and build your FREE company profile to attract those visitors.


Register


Login


Login








                        Vanguard Int'l Semiconductor Corp





                                            #123 Yuan Chu 3th Rd,Science Based Ind Park 

                                    Hsinchu City, 300
Taiwan







     Need to contact this company?




Call
Click to see their phone number








Call
Click to see their phone number















---




						Service 
						
						+ call price





* This phone number available for 3 min is not the recipient's number but a number from a service which will put you through to that person.
				This service is produced by Kompass. 
                					Why this number ?
















Service & free calls*






* This number, only available 3 minutes, is not your correspondant's number but the number of a service putting you through to that person.
This service is produced by Kompass. 
									Why this number ?










All the lines are busy at the moment, please try again in a moment.













                                    View map location






                                        View their website




Purchase online company lists of companies

Create your prospect list >











                        Vanguard Int'l Semiconductor Corp
×













                        Addresses of : Vanguard Int'l Semiconductor Corp

×

























                            Description



                            Key figures



                                    Activities











Description
Key figures
Activities







					General Information




									Year established
1994


Co.Registration No.
84149358



                                Type of company

							 Head Office



									Fax

										
											+886 3 578 85 75



									Website

http://www.vis.com.tw









Key figures



            Employees










                        Company

                        1000-4999 Employees









Activities



                Activities


 Producer
 Distributor
 Service provider



 Electronic assemblies and microcircuits

 Microcircuits, hybrid



 Integrated circuits (ICs)

 Integrated circuits (ICs) for computers (CPU)

 Integrated circuits (ICs) to customer specification



 Computer memories

 Memories, flash













You might also like



















     Contact

            Vanguard Int'l Semiconductor Corp





Call
Click to see their phone number








Call
Click to see their phone number















---




						Service 
						
						+ call price





* This phone number available for 3 min is not the recipient's number but a number from a service which will put you through to that person.
				This service is produced by Kompass. 
                					Why this number ?
















Service & free calls*






* This number, only available 3 minutes, is not your correspondant's number but the number of a service putting you through to that person.
This service is produced by Kompass. 
									Why this number ?










All the lines are busy at the moment, please try again in a moment.











You might also like:












Prosperity Electronics Co...


                                                         
                                                        Taoyuan Hsien
Electronic assemblies and microcircuits












Siliconware Precision Ind...


                                                         
                                                        Taichung Hsien
Electronic assemblies and microcircuits
















Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg ...


                                                         
                                                        Hsinchu City
Electronic assemblies and microcircuits












Lingsen Precision Ind Ltd


                                                         
                                                        Taichung Hsien
Electronic assemblies and microcircuits
















Sanyo Electronic (Taichun...


                                                         
                                                        Taichung Hsien
Electronic assemblies and microcircuits












Macronix Int'l Co Ltd


                                                         
                                                        Hsinchu City
Electronic assemblies and microcircuits
















Weltrend Semiconductor In...


                                                         
                                                        Hsinchu City
Electronic assemblies and microcircuits












Silicon Integrated System...


                                                         
                                                        Changhua Hsien
Electronic assemblies and microcircuits
















Tong Hsing Electronic Ind...


                                                         
                                                        Taipei Hsien
Electronic assemblies and microcircuits












Mobil-Tech Ind Co Ltd


                                                         
                                                        Taipei City
Electronic assemblies and microcircuits
















Universal Scientific Ind ...


                                                         
                                                        Nantou Hsien
Electronic power supplies












Bennic & Co


                                                         
                                                        Taipei City
Electronic power supplies
















Aurora Group


                                                         
                                                        Taipei City
Electronic power supplies












Shinlee Corp


                                                         
                                                        Taipei City
Electronic power supplies
















United Micro Electronics ...


                                                         
                                                        Hsinchu City
Electronic power supplies












Chyao Shiunn Electronics ...


                                                         
                                                        Taipei Hsien
Electronic power supplies
















SDEC Technology Corp


                                                         
                                                        Taipei Hsien
Electronic power supplies












H.P.B Optoelectronics Co ...


                                                         
                                                        Taichung City
Electronic power supplies
















Yung tay Engineering Co L...


                                                         
                                                        Taipei City
Electronic regulators












Motorola Electronics Taiw...


                                                         
                                                        Taipei City
Semiconductors NES







 
 




Our business solutions









With Kompass :




                            Global presence in more than 60 countries





                            Detailed and up to date company information





                            Comprehensive and filtered company directory


















				                Frequent updates ensuring high quality data






                                    Secure online payment






                                Help with expert advice






    	            			Dedicated customer service team













Need advice?




+33 9 77 57 42 74





Contact us

















































 








Vanguard International Semiconductor Cor (世界先进积体电路) Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  Vanguard International Semiconductor Cor (世界先进积体电路)     







 


 Taiwan                
Vanguard International Semiconductor Cor (世界先进积体电路)
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Semiconductor and Other Electronic Component Manufacturing 
Available in: English & Chinese
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Headquarters
                                123, Park Ave. 3rd, Science-Based Ind. Park, Hsinchu                                
                                Hsinchu County;                                Hsinchu County;                                Map 


Tel: 886-3-577
Fax: 886-3-563




Website:
http://www.vis.com.tw 



 

Company Description                    




                        Vanguard International Semiconductor Corporation (VIS) is a leading specialty IC foundry service provider. Since its founding in December 1994 in Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan, VIS has been achieving continuous success in its technology development and production efficiency improvement. VIS has also been consistently offering its customers cost-effective solutions and high value-added services. VIS is a spin-off of the Sub-Micron Project, sponsored by the Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI). Original investors include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation (TSMC) and 13 other institutional investors. VIS was founded with the primary focuses on the production and development of DRAM and other memory IC. In March 1998, VIS became a listed company on the Taiwan Over-The-Counter Stock Exchange (OTC).  Its main shareholders include Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corporation (TSMC), National Development Fund and other institutional investors. In 1999, VIS started to work as a subcontractor for TSMC for the manufacturing of logic and mixed signal products. In 2000, VIS officially announced its plan to transform from a DRAM manufacturer into a foundry service provider. In February 2004, VIS completely terminated its DRAM production and became a pure-play foundry company. Also, in order to improve our overall financial structure and to strengthen our operational capabilities, we completed our capital restructuring process by October 2004 and decreased our paid-in capital from NT$28.2 billion to NT$14.6 billion. In 2007, VIS announced the procurement of 8 fabs from Winbond. With this acquisition, VIS unleashed the growth momentum, accommodated customers' demands in capacity and technology, and provided a more comprehensive solution portfolio for our customers. VIS has continued its investment in the product development and process technology for the market needs. VIS offers a wide range of process technologies, including High Voltage, Ultra High Voltage, Bipolar CMOS DMOS (BCD), Discrete, SOI (Silicon on Insulator), Logic, Mixed-Signal, Analog, High Precision Analog, and Embedded Memory to further help increase its foundry customers’ global competitiveness. In order to enhance its IP service capability, VIS has continued its IP development by strengthening strategic relationship with its IP provision partners. Currently available IPs are standard cell library, SRAM, one-time programmable, multiple-time programmable, and electrical fuse. With the help from strategic IP partners, VIS can also provide IPs that are required by specialty ICs. Besides the display-related ICs, analog ICs (especially power management) and mixed-signal ICs are in the core of VIS competence. As the customer base spreading from fabless semiconductor companies to Integrated Devices Manufacturers, our business in high-voltage analog, power management, and power devices will expand accordingly. VIS will continue to focus on technology development to secure our position as the leading specialty IC foundry service provider while partnering with our customers.                     


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 

