






















	CONTRACT MANUFACTURING / VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED





























Order Form | Add Your Company | Contact Us 
 























Companies
Keywords
Products/Services







































A comprehensive directory for the electronics and supporting industries in Singapore.














Home
News
Industry ArticlesCompany ListingsInternational Procurement OfficesProducts & ServicesElectronics ManufacturersElectronics Distributors, Agents & SuppliersElectronics Production Equipment & AutomationElectronics Supporting Industries
Trade Events
Other Directories









Supported By    Supported Exhibition 



 




















PRODUCT DETAILS













VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED 

										Reg. No. (UEN): 198402886H


										Block 5006 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5
										#05-01/12 TECHplace II
										Singapore 569873
										
                 Tel: (65) 6482 1755
										
                 Fax: (65) 6482 0122
										
                 Email: 
										
                                            Website: www.venture.com.sg


											View Map











Products & Services






CONTRACT MANUFACTURING


										Venture (SGX: VENM.SI) was founded in 1984 as a global electronics services provider. Today, it is a leading global provider of technology services, products and solutions with established capabilities spanning marketing research, design and development, product and process engineering, design for manufacturability, supply chain management, as well as product refurbishment and technical support across a range of high-mix, high-value and complex products.

The Group has built know-how and intellectual property with domain expertise in printing and imaging; advanced storage systems and devices; handheld interactive scanning and computing products; RF communications and network; test and measurement equipment; medical and life sciences devices; retail store solution suite of products and industrial products and installations.

Headquartered in Singapore, the Group comprises about 40 companies with global clusters of excellence in South-east Asia, North Asia, America and Europe and employs more than 12,000 people worldwide.
									









 VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED 





 


Your Name:





Your Email:


To: VENTURE CORPORATION LIMITED 


Subject:








Message:





Type characters from box



			 



































		Marshall Cavendish Business Information 2017
		
Disclaimer & Copyright   |   
        Privacy     |   
        About Us















Venture Corporation Limited




















































































Venture takes pride in its ability to build 
                synergistic relationships with its customers and business partners 
                worldwide. 



























 



 



 

 

 Total 
              Customer Satisfaction
              Our ambition to offer the highest level of customer satisfaction 
              is supported by a customer-centric organisational structure... 



 



 

 

 Cluster 
              Strategy
              Our established clusters of excellence provide complementary engineering 
              strength, operational synergy, and sales support aimed at helping 
              our customers manage their value chain... 



 



 

 

 Technology
              From the design of a basic component to the development of the most 
              intricate product, our engineering expertise... 




















  
                          Please click here to view the  
                          Stock price and News. 










  
                          Please click here to view the  
                          Latest News.









QUICK LINKS 



>
Design 
                          Services


>
Manufacturing 
                          Services


>
E-Fulfillment 
                          Services


>
Retail Store Solutions Services


>
Annual 
                          Reports


>
Investor Relations Calendar


>
Key 
                          Contacts


>
EICC





















	Your browser does not support iframes.






	Your browser does not support iframes.






	Your browser does not support iframes.










IMPORTANT NOTICE






Notice - Recruitment Fraud


	For more information please click here.
	










Venture Corporation Limited: About Us: Corporate Profile































 

 




























 Home 
          > About Us: Profile









 Venture (SGX: V03) was founded in 1984 as a global electronics services provider.  Today, it is a leading global provider of technology services, products and solutions with established capabilities spanning marketing research, design and development, product and process engineering, design for manufacturability, supply chain management, as well as product refurbishment and technical support across a range of high-mix, high-value and complex products. 
 In 2015, Venture achieved sales of S$2.7 billion with annual profit of S$154 million. 
 The Group has built know-how and intellectual property with domain expertise in printing and imaging; advanced storage systems and devices; handheld interactive scanning and computing products; RF communications and network; test and measurement equipment; medical devices and life science equipment; retail store solution suite of products and industrial products and installations. 
 Headquartered in Singapore, the Group comprises about 40 companies with global clusters of excellence in South-east Asia, North Asia, America and Europe and employs more than 12,000 people worldwide. 
 In its pursuit to create unparalleled enterprise excellence across design and engineering, manufacturing and distribution, Venture has forged numerous meaningful partnerships and alliances.  As it assumes a key role in the enterprise chain, Venture will continue to tap the knowledge and best-in-class capabilities of global enterprises for breakthrough innovations. 
 Venture is a strategic partner of choice for successful global companies and ranks among the best in managing the value chain for leading electronics companies.  It is committed to enhancing its competencies through further investments in technologies, market access capabilities and its people.  It stands poised, to provide the leading edge and remain relevant in a constantly changing and evolving world. 
Venture's quality system meets the requirements of international standards such as ISO 9001:2008, TS 16949:2009, ISO 13485:2003 and the FDA Regulation 21 CFR 820. In 2008, the Group was also awarded the "DQS GmbH - EN 9100:2009 QMS for Aerospace Division in Europe" qualification. 
Venture's certification in ISO 14001:2004 and the ODS (Ozone-Depleting Substances) FREE Process Verification Scheme is complemented by its expertise in process re-engineering and materials resourcing, which places it in a favourable position to help customers meet RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substance) and other international environmental protection standards. 


 
          top 












  
                  ABOUT US


  
                  
                  Corporate Profile





  Mission 
                  & Core Values









  Awards





  Key 
                  Management Team





  Board 
                  of Directors





  Social 
                  Responsibility







 RELATED LINKS

 

>
Venture Beyond


>
Our Leading Edge


>
Annual Reports








 












	Your browser does not support iframes.






	Your browser does not support iframes.






	Your browser does not support iframes.










Venture Corporation Limited: Our Services: Design Services































 

 








 


















 Home 
          > Our Services: Design Services









 Contract Design Manufacturing/Original Design 
          Manufacturing (CDM/ODM) 
 Venture has always placed great emphasis on building a world-class 
          R&D team. Today, with major design centres strategically located in key 
          cities in Asia, Europe and America, our engineering capabilities span 
          the entire spectrum of activities required to develop a complete product 
          of the finest quality. These include: 




mechanical 
                  systems design
precision plastic tools design
electronics 
                  systems design
ASIC 
                  design
software design and development 




reliability 
                engineering/testing
regulatory compliance engineering/testing
product 
                  test development
VEST Embedded Solutions




 The Group's customers are primarily in the following five broad segments: 
        
Test & Measurement / Medical / Others
Networking & Communications
Computer Peripherals & Data Storage
Retail Store Solutions / Industrial Products
Printing & Imaging 


 Our CDM/ODM service offerings extend not just to state-of-the-art-designs, 
          but also new product introduction (NPI) activities to ensure smooth manufacturing start-ups, production 
          runs, distribution and reverse logistics. We contribute to our customers' 
          success by dedicating top-notch program and project managers to manage 
          globally-distributed, complex CDM/ODM projects. This is done with 
          our tested and proven management processes. So, depending on our customers' 
          needs, our R&D team can provide turnkey solutions, or simply co-develop 
          products with them, hand-in-hand.
 With our know-how and technological expertise, we strive to reduce 
          our customers' risks in product development, so that they can re-direct their organisation's 
          resources towards other initiatives that will further enhance their global 
          presence and unique value proposition to their own customers.
 

top 










 


  
                  OUR SERVICES


  
                  
                  Design Services





  Manufacturing 
                  Services





  E-fulfillment 
                  Services







 












	Your browser does not support iframes.






	Your browser does not support iframes.






	Your browser does not support iframes.










Venture Corporation Limited: Contact Us: Key Contacts































 

 




























 Home 
          > Contact Us: Key Contacts









General Enquiries

 For general corporate enquiries, you can contact the Venture Group at its headquarter in Singapore at:  
 Venture Corporation Limited
          5006 Ang Mo Kio Ave 5
          #05-01/12 TECHplace II
          Singapore 569873

          Tel: +65 6482 1755 
Fax: +65 6482 0122 
Email: contact-us@venture.com.sg




 top 





 Customer Enquiries

 Design Services
For enquiries on engineering and design services, please contact: 
        

		  Global Design Centre
          Email: designservices@venture.com.sg

		  VEST Embedded Solutions
          Email: sales@APC-VEST.com


Alliance Development
For RFQ and business enquiries, please contact: 


Americas

		  Mr Joseph Crowley
		  
          Email: jcrowley@venturemfg-usa.com

		  Mr Tom Mosgrove
		  
          Email: tmosgrove@venturemfg-usa.com


Europe

          Mr Charles Spurr 

          Email: charles.spurr@venture.com.sg

          Mr Valerio Pantalena 
          
          Email: valerio.pantalena@venture.com.sg


Asia-Pacific

          Mr Lee Woon Jeong 

          Email: woonjeong.lee@venture.com.sg

          Ms Teresa Leo 

          Email: teresa.leo-lp@venture.com.sg


 Sales & Marketing

		  USA
          Mr Wong Chin Tong
          Chief Marketing Officer
          Tel: +1 (510) 744 3720 
          Fax: +1 (510) 744 3730
          Email: ctwong@venturemfg-usa.com



 top 




 Corporate 
          Secretariat 
 For substantial shareholders notifications, please contact: 
 Ms Angeline Khoo
          Company Secretary
          Tel: +65 6482 1755
          Fax: +65 6482 0122
          Email: company-secretary@venture.com.sg




 top 




 Corporate 
          Communications 
 For media and investor enquiries, please contact: 
 Mr Bryan Sim
          Manager Corporate Communications 
          Tel: +65 6484 8212
          Fax: +65 6482 0122
          Email: bryan.sim-sz@venture.com.sg




 top 





 Careers 
          HR Department 
          Email: hr.singapore@venture.com.sg



 top 




 Personal Data Protection 
 For any questions or concerns on Venture's  Data Protection Policy, please contact: 
Personal Data Protection Officer
          Email: dataprotection@venture.com.sg
		  Address : Venture Corporation Limited, 5006 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5, #05-01/12 TECHplace II, Singapore 569873




 top 




 Whistle-Blowing 
 For any feedback and/or enquiries on the Group's conduct of business, you may raise it through these channels: 
          Whistleblowing Investigation Officer
		  Tel: +65-6484 7138 / +65-6484 8370 
          Email: whistleblow@venture.com.sg
		  Address : Internal Audit, Venture Corporation Limited, 5006 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5, #05-01/12 TECHplace II, Singapore 569873



 top 

















 


  
                  CONTACT US


  
                  
                  Key Contacts





  Venture 
                  Worldwide




















	Your browser does not support iframes.






	Your browser does not support iframes.






	Your browser does not support iframes.














美國+venture穿戴式醫療用熱敷墊 - 速配鼎國際



































 

 







































Product Ventures | Product & Packaging Research, Design & Development Agency





































































 Insightfully Innovative DesignDiscover why the world's largest companies entrust us with their best known brands.



Product Ventures is a product and packaging design agency.Experience the artistic fusion of consumer desires, business objectives and manufacturing realities; thoughtfully considered and expertly defined through the talents of Product Ventures’ interdisciplinary team encompassing research, design and development. Unite within PVs consumer learning & innovation lab; leverage the power of consumer-informed iterative design.  Fueled by rapid prototyping and on-the-spot decision making, Product Ventures transforms an idea into a marketplace success.







Mighty American Ale







Juicy Juice







Juicy Juice Splashers







Coca-Cola







Powerade







Oreck







Tesla







Trojan H20







Victorinox







Dr. Scholl's







Bud Light







Ergo Jr. Scissors







International Delight







Arm & Hammer







Kimberly-Clark







Westcott Sharpeners







Dasani







Schick







Trojan







Lysol







Scientific Atlanta







Summer's Eve







Westcott Tools







Sunny D







Absinthe







International Delight







Similac







Frito-Lay







Heinz







Jamba Juice







Ruffles







Duracell







Pantene







Stasis FLEX







Bissell







Lean Cuisine Honestly Good







Cascade







Mr. Bubble







Bumble Bee







Westcott







Petrol Bags







St. Ives






















FriedlNet - Venture Corporation Limited - Strategy and SWOT Report












































Home
Sign In
Currency (Euro)


US$
Euro
GBP
RMB
HK$
 
FAQ
Shopping Cart 
                                                                                                              






August 3, 2017




 
Search
 
 


 





GlobalUnited StatesChinaBRICSWestern EuropeEastern EuropeAsiaRussia & CISThe AmericasMiddle East & Africa


More Countries
Albania
Angola
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Belarus
Belgium
Bermuda
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Bulgaria
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Eastern Europe Region
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kosovo
Kuwait
Latvia
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Mexico
Myanmar
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Zealand
Nigeria
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Scandinavia
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Tanzania
Thailand
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Venezuela
Vietnam
 



Consumer GoodsTechnology & MediaService IndustriesFood & BeverageLife SciencesHeavy IndustryPublic Sector 


ApparelConsumer ElectronicsConsumer ServicesCosmetics & Personal CareHouse & HomeLuxury GoodsOffice SuppliesRetailingSporting GoodsTobacco ProductsToys and GamesTravel & LeisureComputer EquipmentElectronicsEnterprise ComputingMedia - Broadcasting & CableMedia - PublishingSoftwareTelecommunicationsAdvertising & MarketingBanking & Financial ServicesBusiness Services & AdminInsuranceReal EstateAgricultureBeveragesFoodFood Service & HospitalityHealthcarePharmaceuticalsEnergy & ResourcesManufacturing & ConstructionMaterials & ChemicalsTransportation & ShippingDefenseGovernmentLaw



Product Types »
Company ProfilesIndustry GuidesIndustry ProfilesCountry ProfilesCase StudiesFinancial DealsSourcing Reports 




 









Technology & Media 



Report Tools

Tweet














Venture Corporation Limited - Strategy and SWOT Report

        Published: February 2013 ·         Publisher: MarketLine    

        Venture Corporation Limited - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company’s structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings, etc.    

Add to Cart













Report Type Company Profiles

Language English

Format Electronic (PDF)

Pages28

Frequency Updated Annually

Availability Will be emailed within 1 business day

Reference No. 0109-0116

Price € 129,00



Options




                        Licence Type: Single User Licence (€ 129,00)
                




                        Licence Type: Global/Enterprisewide Licence (€ 329,00)
                








Description
Table of Contents
Ask a Question




        Venture Corporation Limited - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company’s structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360° view of the company.
Features:
- Detailed information on Venture Corporation Limited required for business and competitor intelligence needs
- A study of the major internal and external factors affecting Venture Corporation Limited in the form of a SWOT analysis
- An in-depth view of the business model of Venture Corporation Limited including a breakdown and examination of key business segments
- Intelligence on Venture Corporation Limited’s mergers and acquisitions (M&A), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisors
- News about Venture Corporation Limited, such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract wins
- Large number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trends
Highlights:
Venture Corporation Limited - SWOT Analysis company profile is the essential source for top-level company data and information. Venture Corporation Limited - SWOT Analysis examines the company’s key business structure and operations, history and products, and provides summary analysis of its key revenue lines and strategy. 
Venture Corporation (Venture or “the group”) is a leading global provider of technology services, products and solutions. The group is engaged in manufacturing, product design and development, engineering and supply chain management services. Venture primarily operates in Singapore, Malaysia, China, Europe and the US. It is headquartered in Singapore City, Singapore and employs around 14,000 people.  The group recorded revenues of S$2,675.8 million ($1,963 million) during the financial year ended December 2010 (FY2010), a decrease of 21.6% over FY2009. The operating profit of the group was S$191.2 million ($140.2 million) during FY2010, an increase of 22.6% over FY2009. The net profit was S$188.1 million ($138 million) in FY2010, an increase of 30.9% over FY2009.
Scope of the Report
- Provides all the crucial information on Venture Corporation Limited required for business and competitor intelligence needs
- Contains a study of the major internal and external factors affecting Venture Corporation Limited in the form of a SWOT analysis as well as a breakdown and examination of leading product revenue streams of Venture Corporation Limited
-Data is supplemented with details on Venture Corporation Limited history, key executives, business description, locations and subsidiaries as well as a list of products and services and the latest available statement from Venture Corporation Limited
Reasons to Purchase
- Support sales activities by understanding your customers’ businesses better
- Understand prospective partners and suppliers
- Keep fully up to date on your competitors’ business structure, strategy and prospects
- Obtain the most up to date company information available
Reasons to Purchase:
- Gain understanding of  Venture Corporation Limited and the factors that influence its strategies 
- Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions 
- Assess Venture Corporation Limited as a prospective partner, vendor or supplier
- Support sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses better
- Stay up to date on Venture Corporation Limited’s business structure, strategy and prospects        
          Copyright © FriedlNet. You may share using our tools Please don't cut content from FriedlNet and redistribute by email or post to the web.
        













        Company Snapshot
     Venture Corporation Limited: Company Overview
     Venture Corporation Limited: Overview and Key Facts
          Venture Corporation Limited: Overview
          Venture Corporation Limited: Key Facts
     Venture Corporation Limited: Key Employees
     Venture Corporation Limited: Key Employee Biographies
     Venture Corporation Limited: Major Products and Services
     Venture Corporation Limited: Company History 
     Venture Corporation Limited: Management Statement
     Venture Corporation Limited: Locations and Subsidiaries
     Venture Corporation Limited: Key Competitors
Venture Corporation Limited: Company Analysis
     Venture Corporation Limited: Business Description
     Venture Corporation Limited: SWOT Analysis
          Venture Corporation Limited: SWOT Overview
          Venture Corporation Limited: Strengths
          Venture Corporation Limited: Weaknesses
          Venture Corporation Limited: Opportunities
          Venture Corporation Limited: Threats
Appendix 
     Contact  Us
     Methodology
     Definitions
List of Tables
Table 1: Venture Corporation Limited: Key Facts
Table 2: Venture Corporation Limited: Key Employees
Table 4: Venture Corporation Limited: Key Competitors                

          Copyright © FriedlNet. You may share using our tools Please don't cut content from FriedlNet and redistribute by email or post to the web.
        










Your Name  

Your Email Address  

Your Inquiry  









 







Related Reports



Ingram Micro Inc. - SWOT, Strategy and Corporate Finance Report
              (July 2013)            


Cornerstone Records Management, LLC - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report
              (July 2013)            


OpenText Corporation - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report
              (July 2013)            


Constellation Software, Inc. - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report
              (July 2013)            


SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report
              (July 2013)            


Iron Mountain Incorporated - Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A), Partnerships & Alliances and Investment Report
              (July 2013)            










©1995-2017 Friedl Business Information


About Us (Corporate)
About Us
Contact Us
Category Listing
Careers
Product Queries
Vendors & Partners
Finding Publications
Ordering & Payment
My Account
General Questions
FriedlNet Policies
Terms & Conditions








Thakral Corp.com










































Select Country/Region
China
Hong Kong
Japan
Singapore






















 






























 














New User




















About Us





Corporate Profile


Directors & Management


Corporate Information


Corporate Milestones


Principal Businesses


Group Offices





Product & Services





Lifestyle



Investments





Investor Relations





Announcements


Annual Reports


Analyst Reports


Whistle Blowing Policy





Careers





Current Openings





Contact Us
      

Enquiry


Global Locations










 











 


3/8/2017 5:04pm Thakral Corporation Ltd (AWI.SI)   0.405 +0.015 3.85%


 













Investor relations




          3/8/2017
			  

          Press Release and Results for 2QFY2017






          3/8/2017
			  

          Notice of Book Closure Date for Interim Dividend






          19/7/2017
			  

          Proposed Disposal of Property through Public Tender






          14/7/2017
			  

          Additional Joint Venture Entity






          14/7/2017
			  

          Notification of Results Release Date for Q2FY2017






          28/4/2017
			  

          Results of Extraordinary General Meeting






          28/4/2017
			  

          Results of Annual General Meeting 






          27/4/2017
			  

          Response to SIAS Questions on Annual Report 2016







more...











 












        Sitemap | Online Privacy Policy












Welcome to The Venture Company
































































































 






















  












Loading...







WE CHANGE EVERYTHING 



with a new operating-system for humanity 











BY CHANGING NOTHING 



courtesy of new adherence to evolution 















Welcome to The Venture Company 


Georges van Hoegaerden 


2017-07-17T19:07:50+00:00 


























































































































































