






4imprint - Home







4imprint







Latest News
Contact Us
Commercial Sites














Site content






Latest News
Contact Us
Commercial Sites

















Intro Banner


Market Leadership

                We are the leading direct marketer of promotional products in the USA, Canada, the UK and Ireland
            
Discover More About Us









News Section




Latest News


01 Aug 2017
Half year results for the period ended 1 July 2017


09 May 2017
AGM Trading Statement


08 Mar 2017
Final results for the period ended 31 December 2016


View All Latest News





Share Price










About Us


                                Our Business
                            








Latest Reports & Presentations


                                View Reports
                            




















	Market Report: 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




4imprint Group plc (FOUR) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

     
                        Sep 13, 2016 - GlobalData 
                    
                - 34 pages 
                - USD $125 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Companies


Request Details


Related







4imprint Group plc (FOUR) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review provides you an in-depth strategic SWOT analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled by GlobalData to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.The profile contains critical company information including:Business description - A detailed description of the company's operations and business divisions.Corporate strategy - Analyst's summarization of the company's business strategy.SWOT Analysis - A detailed analysis of the company's strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.Company history - Progression of key events associated with the company.Major products and services - A list of major products, services and brands of the company.Key competitors - A list of key competitors to the company.Key employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Executive biographies - A brief summary of the executives' employment history.Key operational heads - A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.Important locations and subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.Detailed financial ratios for the past five years - The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.Interim ratios for the last five interim periods - The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.Highlights4imprint Group plc (4imprint) is a promotional products marketer. It manufactures, distributes and sells various promotional products. It offers a wide range of promotional products including pens, pencils bags, mugs, drinkware, clothing, trade show displays, exhibition products and business gifts, among others. These products find applications in marketing activities, health and safety programmes, recruitment and recognition schemes and others. The company offers its products to various organizations such as multinationals to sole traders, nonprofits, education, and government. The company offers direct marketing of promotional products and branded apparels to customers in the US, UK, Ireland and Canada. 4imprint is headquartered in London, the UK.Key benefits of buying this profile include:You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company's business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.Understand and respond to your competitors' business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.The company's core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events.Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies' strategic, financial and operational performance.Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.Note: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company
Table of ContentsTable of ContentsList of TablesList of FiguresSection 1 - About the Company4imprint Group plc - Key Facts4imprint Group plc - Key Employees4imprint Group plc - Key Employee Biographies4imprint Group plc - Major Products and Services4imprint Group plc - History4imprint Group plc - Company Statement4imprint Group plc - Locations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeOther Locations & SubsidiariesSection 2 - Company Analysis4imprint Group plc - Business Description4imprint Group plc - Corporate Strategy4imprint Group plc - SWOT AnalysisSWOT Analysis - Overview4imprint Group plc - StrengthsStrength - Operational PerformanceStrength - Leading Market PositionStrength - Integrated Business Network4imprint Group plc - WeaknessesWeakness - High Operational Costs4imprint Group plc - OpportunitiesOpportunity - Strategic InitiativesOpportunity - Growth Prospects: E-Commerce4imprint Group plc - ThreatsThreat - Business RiskThreat - Increasing Competitive PressuresThreat - Rapid Technological Advancements4imprint Group plc - Key CompetitorsSection 3 - Company Financial RatiosFinancial Ratios - Capital Market RatiosFinancial Ratios - Annual RatiosPerformance ChartFinancial PerformanceFinancial Ratios - Interim RatiosFinancial Ratios - Ratio ChartsSection 4 - AppendixMethodologyRatio DefinitionsAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimerList of Tables4imprint Group plc, Key Facts4imprint Group plc, Key Employees4imprint Group plc, Key Employee Biographies4imprint Group plc, Major Products and Services4imprint Group plc, History4imprint Group plc, Subsidiaries4imprint Group plc, Key Competitors4imprint Group plc, Ratios based on current share price4imprint Group plc, Annual Ratios4imprint Group plc, Interim RatiosCurrency CodesCapital Market RatiosEquity RatiosProfitability RatiosCost RatiosLiquidity RatiosLeverage RatiosEfficiency RatiosList of Figures4imprint Group plc, Performance Chart (2011 - 2015)4imprint Group plc, Ratio Charts
Companies Mentioned in this ReportiMedia International, Inc.Cello Group plcB&H Colour ChangeAdvanta Marketing Ltd.Adler Manufacturing Ltd
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$125  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.

















4Imprint Group Plc Company Profile | Financial Information, Competitors and ExecutivesCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > 4Imprint Group PlcThis is a community generated profile and may be incomplete.SUGGEST EDITS44Imprint Group PlcLocation–Revenue$–Total Funding$–Founded-Employees-StageprivateCompany Websitewww.4imprint.co.uk/LinkedIn–Promotional products at guaranteed low prices by 4imprint - the world's leading
distributor of promotional gifts. Great service, free samples & free art!
Delivered on time or free! Our entire range of corporate gifts, promotional
merchandise & business gifts can be branded with your logo or message!Keywordspromotional products,promotional items,corporate giveaways,promotional merchandise,advertising business giveawaysRecent News from 4Imprint Group PlcNo recent news on 4Imprint Group Plc could be found.Submit recent news for 4Imprint Group PlcBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service






4imprint - At a Glance







4imprint







Latest News
Contact Us
Commercial Sites














Site content






Latest News
Contact Us
Commercial Sites




















Sidebar nav

About Us
About Us



                        At a Glance
                    



                        Our Strategy
                    



                        Our Business Model
                    



                        Our Markets
                    



                        Board of Directors
                    





At a Glance

Home
About Us
At a Glance





We are the leading direct marketer of promotional products in the USA, Canada, the UK and Ireland.


Most of our revenue is generated in North America, serviced from the principal office in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. Customers in the UK and Irish markets are served out of an office in Manchester, UK. Operations are focused around a highly developed direct marketing business model which provides millions of potential customers with access to tens of thousands of customised products. Organic growth is delivered by using a wide range of data-driven, offline and online direct marketing techniques to capture market share in the large and fragmented promotional product markets that we serve.







                                        View Our Business
                                    

















 




FOUR.L | 4imprint Group PLC share price | Fundamentals and charts | IG AE
































































Personal


Logout


                        My IG
                    




عربي 


Personal
Institutional








IG






    Create account



    Login



Menu

Menu



                            Search
                        


عربي 





Help



Contact






United Arab Emirates
                            
                            




Search
Search












    Login



    Create account






                        Indices
                        





                                    Indices
                                



                                       Indices CFD costs and details
                                    



                                       MT4 Indices CFD details
                                    





                        Shares 
                        





                                    Shares 
                                



                                       Share CFD costs and details
                                    



                                       Shares DMA
                                    



                                       Extended hours on US stocks
                                    





                        Forex
                        





                                    Forex
                                



                                       Forex costs and details
                                    



                                       Forex Direct
                                    



                                       Forex MT4 details
                                    



                                       What is forex trading
                                    



                                       How does forex trading work
                                    



                                       How to trade forex with IG
                                    





                        Commodities
                        





                                    Commodities
                                



                                       Commodities CFD details
                                    



                                       MT4 Commodity CFD details
                                    





                        Other markets
                        





                                    Other markets
                                



                                       IG digital 100s CFDs
                                    



                                       Options CFDs
                                    



                                       Interest rates CFDs
                                    



                                       Sectors CFDs
                                    



                                       Bonds CFDs
                                    



                                       ETPs
                                    



                                       Sunday trading
                                    





                        IG services
                        





                                    IG services
                                



                                       CFD trading
                                    



                                       Corporate account
                                    



                                       Our charges
                                    



                                       What are the risks?
                                    



                                       Risk management
                                    



                                       Contract details
                                    



                                       Affiliates programme
                                    



                                       What's new at IG?
                                    





                        Trading platforms
                        





                                    Trading platforms
                                



                                       Web
                                    



                                       Trading apps
                                    



                                       MetaTrader 4
                                    



                                       Advanced platforms
                                    



                                       Platform features
                                    



                                       Compare features
                                    





                        IG analysis
                        





                                    IG analysis
                                



                                       Market data
                                    



                                       News and analysis
                                    



                                       The week ahead
                                    



                                       Economic Calendar
                                    



                                       Market Screener
                                    



                                       Trading diary
                                    



                                       Signal Centre
                                    



                                       IG Live
                                    



                                       Trade of the week
                                    



                                       French election 2017
                                    





                        Education
                        





                                    Education
                                



                                       Trading seminars
                                    



                                       Articles and guides
                                    



                                       Introduction programme
                                    



                                       IG Academy app
                                    



                                       Glossary of trading terms
                                    











                                          IG analysis
                            








                                    Market data
                                



                                    News and analysis
                                



                                    The week ahead
                                



                                    Economic Calendar
                                



                                    Market Screener
                                



                                    Trading diary
                                



                                    Signal Centre
                                



                                    Trade of the week
                                



                                    French election 2017
                                














            CFDs are a leveraged product and can result in losses that exceed deposits. Trading CFDs may not be suitable for everyone, so please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
        




                
                Over 40-years' heritage
                
            


                
                Over 185,000 clients worldwide
                
            


                
                15,000 markets worldwide
                
            








4imprint Group PLC

                Change: 1.29% (22.00 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            













             Open an account now 

        



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    










CFD: 
-









                1.29%
            

                22.00pts
            


            High: 1730.00
            Low: 1710.00




Sell
1715.00




Buy
1745.00












Details for 4imprint Group PLC -



Dealing Minimum size 
    1 Share(s)

0%
 Minimum stop distance 
    10
 Min guaranteed stop distance 
    12.5%
 Slippage factor 
    60.0%



Market hours 11:00 - 19:30 (Gulf Time Zone)
    







Create account
Log in














4imprint Group PLC

                Change: 1.29% (22.00 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            










                                Already an IG client?
                                Login to trade






            
                
                
                    CFDs are a leveraged product and can result in losses that exceed deposits. Trading CFDs may not be suitable for everyone, so please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
                
            
        







    

    Buy/Sell

    
        







             Open an account

        
Already an IG client? Log in to trade
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Demo account
        



                            Create Account
                    

















             Find a market to trade

        



Share Finder














             Why trade with IG?

        



Free live prices, data
Plus news and opinion from our expert analysts





Over 15,000 global markets
With trading opportunities 24 hours a day





Desktop, mobile, tablet
Seamless functionality with our multi-device platform







Spreads from 0.4 points
Plus tiered margining for even better value





MT4 platform
Superior execution with no third-party bridges





Advanced charting
100+ technical indicators and automated trading with ProRealTime













             Open an account now

        
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Create account
        



                            Demo account
                    













Client sentiment i

x
The percentage of IG client accounts with positions in this market that are currently long or short. Calculated to the nearest 1%.











100%
                of IG client accounts with open positions in this market expect the price to rise
            

0%
                of IG client accounts with open positions in this market expect the price to fall
            

<10
                IG client accounts have open positions in this market
            



















             Sign up today

        
Open an IG account and start trading today, or test-drive our platform with a risk-free demo.



                Create account
        



                            Demo account
                    










             You might be interested in...

        




Our charges

Our charges are clear and transparent, so you’ll always know what fees to expect.






Charting packages

Use IG charts and advanced ProRealTime and Autochartist packages.






Execution and pricing

Get fast, reliable execution and the best available prices.










































Markets
Forex
Indices
Shares
Digital 100
Other Markets









IG services
CFD trading









Trading platforms
Web platform
Trading apps
Advanced platforms
Compare features









IG analysis
Market news



















Contact us
New client: 04 559 2108
Clients: 04 559 2100
Tweet us: @IGMENA









AE







IG | Sitemap | Terms and agreements | Privacy | Help and support | About IG








Follow us online:

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube












CFDs are a leveraged product and can result in losses that exceed deposits. Please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
Trading CFDs may not be suitable for everyone, so please ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. IG does not issue advice, recommendations or opinion in relation to acquiring, holding or disposing of a CFD. IG is not a financial advisor and all services are provided on an execution only basis.
IG is a trading name of IG Limited a company registered at 2702 & 2703 Level 27, Tower 2, Al Fattan Currency House, DIFC, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. IG is authorised and regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority under Firm’s reference No. (F001780).
The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States, Belgium or any particular country outside the UAE and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.
































2003-2017















IG Group | Careers











            CFDs are a leveraged product and can result in losses that exceed deposits. Trading CFDs may not be suitable for everyone, so please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
        
















Promotional Products, Printed Items & Corporate Gifts by 4imprint





















Skip to Content

UK


search






advancedsearch




Need help? Call us now
0800 055 6196
















Shop by Category

Shop by Category
Close this Menu


Bags

All Categories
All Bags

Shopping & Tote Bags

Back
All Shopping & Tote Bags
Cotton Shopping & Tote Bags
Jute Shopping & Tote Bags



Business Bags

Back
All Business Bags
Conference Bags
Messenger Bags
Business Bags for Laptop & Tablets



Cool Bags

Back
All Cool Bags
Lunch Bags


Drawstring Bags
Sports Bags
Backpacks

Carrier Bags

Back
All Carrier Bags
Paper Carrier Bags
Plastic Carrier Bags



Travel

Back
All Travel
Luggage Tags
Travel Card Holders
Toiletry Bags



Quick Links

Back
Hot Products in Bags
New Products in Bags
Sale Products in Bags
Clearance Products in Bags



Popular Products in Bags




Promotional Carrier Bag - Large - Clear
9p to 32p





















Drawstring Eco-Pouch - Large
85p to £1.89





















Business Briefcase - Two Tone
£4.35 to £5.89





















Essential Drawstring Bag - 1 Day
97p to £3.59




















 

Clothing

All Categories
All Clothing

Promotional Clothing

Back
All Promotional Clothing
Express



Outerwear

Back
All Outerwear
Jackets
Fleeces



Corporate Clothing

Back
All Corporate Clothing
Business Shirts



T-Shirts

Back
All T-Shirts
Best Sellers
Performance
Vests
Women's Fit
Full Colour
Express



Performance Clothing

Back
All Performance Clothing
T-Shirts
Running Vests
Polo Shirts
Other



Workwear

Back
All Workwear
T-Shirts & Polos
Hi Vis
Chef & Bar Wear



Polo Shirts

Back
All Polo Shirts
Best Sellers
Performance
Women's Fit
Express



Kids

Back
All Kids Clothing
T-Shirts
Polo Shirts
Hoodies, Sweatshirts & Cardigans
Fleeces & Jackets
Hi Vis
Caps & Hats



Accessories & Other

Back
All Accessories & Other Clothing
Caps & Hats
Sunglasses
Ponchos
Aprons



Sweatshirts & Hoodies

Back
All Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Sweatshirts
Hoodies



Quick Links

Back
Hot Products in Clothing
New Products in Clothing
Sale Products in Clothing



Shop by Brand

Back
AWDis Branded Clothing
Elevate Branded Clothing
Fruit of the Loom Branded Clothing
Gildan Branded Clothing
Jerzees Branded Clothing
Kustom Kit Branded Clothing
Result Branded Clothing
Slazenger Branded Clothing



Popular Products in Clothing




Fruit of The Loom Value Weight T-Shirt - Coloured
£2.55 to £8.09





















Silicone Wristband
18p to 49p





















Fruit of the Loom Value Polo - Coloured - Embroidered
£6.35 to £8.59





















Beanie Hat
£2.15 to £2.99




















 

Drinkware

All Categories
All Drinkware

Mugs

Back
All Mugs
Ceramic Mugs
Bone China Mugs
PorcelainMugs
Plastic Mugs



Travel Mugs

Back
All Travel Mugs
Plastic Travel Mugs
Metal Travel Mugs



Water Bottles

Back
All Water Bottles
Plastic Water Bottles
Metal Water Bottles


Plastic Cups
Glass & Crystal
Coasters
Drinks Holders

Quick Links

Back
1 Day Express Products in Drinkware
Hot Mugs
New Mugs
Mugs on Sale



Popular Products in Drinkware




Colour Trim Travel Mug
£2.25 to £3.55





















500ml Finger Grip Sports Bottle - Valve Cap
75p to £1.95





















Promotional Bell Mug - White
£1.29 to £2.19





















Base Sports Bottle - Flip Lid - Mix & Match
£2.05 to £2.55




















 

Exhibition & Events

All Categories
All Exhibition & Events
Banners & Display
Lanyards
Name Badges
Catering Supplies
Awards
Giveaways
Balloons
Sweets
Exhibition Totes
Table Cloths

Quick Links

Back
Hot Products in Exhibition & Events
New Products in Exhibition & Events
Sale Products in Exhibition & Events



Popular Products in Exhibition & Events




20mm Flat Lanyard
42p to 99p





















38mm Button Badge
8p to 25p





















Stress Ball
66p to £1.09





















A7 Sticky Notes - Starburst Design
32p to 69p




















 

Health & Wellness

All Categories
All Health & Wellness

Health

Back
All Health
Lip Balm
Hand Sanitisers
First Aid



Fitness

Back
All Fitness
Pedometers



Personal Accessories

Back
All Personal Accessories
Nail Care
Mirrors
Sunglasses



Quick Links

Back
Hot Products in Health & Wellness
New Products in Health & Wellness
Sale Products in Health & Wellness



Popular Products in Health & Wellness




Lip Balm Pot - Full Colour
49p to £1.09





















Budget Pedometer
89p to £2.25





















Sports Watch
69p to £1.95





















Sports Towel in Case
£2.09 to £2.89





 

Keyrings

All Categories
All Keyrings

Keyrings

Back
All Keyrings
Plastic Keyrings
Metal Keyrings


Trolley Coin Keyrings
Bottle Opener Keyrings
Keyring Torches
Novelty & Shaped Keyrings

Quick Links

Back
Hot Products in Keyrings
New Products in Keyrings
Sale Products in Keyrings



Popular Products in Keyrings




Adloop Keyring
20p to 39p





















Trolley Coin Keyring
37p to £1.19





















Stress Heart Keyring
On sale from 49p





















Bottle Opener Keyring Torch
65p to £1.35




















 

Lifestyle & Outdoor

All Categories
All Lifestyle & Outdoor

Umbrellas

Back
All Umbrellas
Golf Umbrellas
Telescopic Umbrellas



Home & Living

Back
All Home & Living
Kitchen Utensils
Wine Accessories



Golf

Back
All Golf
Golf Balls



Tools

Back
All Tools
Torches



Car Accessories

Back
All Car Accessories
Air Fresheners
Ice Scrapers



Travel

Back
All Travel
Luggage Tags
Travel Card Holders
Toiletry Bags


Safety

Quick Links

Back
Hot Products in Lifestyle & Outdoor
New Products in Lifestyle & Outdoor
Sale Products in Lifestyle & Outdoor



Popular Products in Lifestyle & Outdoor




Budget Promotional Umbrella
£5.79 to £7.29





















Handy Ice Scraper
52p to £1.89





















Value Automatic Umbrella
£3.39 to £5.05





















Rubik's LED Torch
£1.99 to £3.35





 

Paper & Desk

All Categories
All Paper & Desk
Notebooks
Notepads
Sticky Notes
Calendars & Diaries

Folders

Back
All Folders
A4 Conference Folders
Clipboards
Document Wallets



Stationery

Back
All Stationery
Erasers
Calculators
Pencil Cases
Rulers



Quick Links

Back
Hot Products in Paper & Desk
New Products in Paper & Desk
Sale Products in Paper & Desk
Exclusive Products in Paper & Desk



Popular Products in Paper & Desk




Pocket Spiral Notebook
60p to £1.05





















A7 Sticky Notes - Starburst Design
32p to 69p





















A5 Soft Touch Notebook
£1.99 to £2.99





















JournalBooks A5 Notebook
£2.35 to £2.95




















 

Sweets & Food

All Categories
All Sweets & Food

Sweets

Back
All Sweets
Jelly Beans
Lollipops



Mints

Back
All Mints
Mint Cards



Chocolate

Back
All Chocolate
Chocolate Beanies


Biscuits
Hampers
Water & Drinks

Quick Links

Back
Hot Products in Sweets & Food
New Products in Sweets & Food
Sale Products in Sweets & Food
Exclusive Products in Sweets & Food



Shop by Brand

Back
Lily O'Briens Branded Products in Sweets & Food
Love Hearts Branded Products in Sweets & Food
The Jelly Bean Factory Branded Products in Sweets & Food
Walkers Branded Products in Sweets & Food
Shop All Brands



Popular Products in Sweets & Food




Promotional Mint Cards
42p to £1.05





















4imprint Sweet Pouch - Mixed Gourmet Jelly Beans
58p to £1.05





















Treat Tin - Beanies
£3.35 to £4.25





















4imprint Treat Pot - Humbugs
£1.59 to £2.39





 

Technology

All Categories
All Technology
USB Flashdrives
Mousemats
Stylus Accessories
Power Banks

Music & Audio

Back
All Music & Audio
Earphones & Headphones
Speakers



Accessories & Gadgets

Back
All Accessories & Gadgets
Screen Cleaners
Mobile & Tablet Stands
Mobile & Tablet Cases



Quick Links

Back
Hot Products in Technology
New Products in Technology
Sale Products in Technology



Popular Products in Technology




Phone Ledge with Screen Cleaner
59p to £1.09





















Flexi-Case Earbuds
£1.89 to £2.99





















Coloured Mini Metal Stylus - Classic Colours
59p to £1.55





















Cylinder Power Bank Charger - 2600mAh
On sale from £4.35




















 

Toys & Novelties

All Categories
All Toys & Novelties

Games & Toys

Back
All Games & Toys
Frisbees & Flyers
Puzzles


Teddy Bears
Piggy Banks
Balloons
Bookmarks
Stress Balls & Shapes
Badges
Stickers
Magnets
Message Bugs
Wristbands

Quick Links

Back
Hot Products in Toys & Novelties
New Products in Toys & Novelties
Sale Products in Toys & Novelties



Popular Products in Toys & Novelties




Standard Message Bugs
13p to 38p





















Rubik's Cube
£3.79 to £8.19





















Mood Maniac - Confused
On sale from 89p





















Promotional Balloons 12"
7p to 20p




















 

Writing

All Categories
All Writing

Pens

Back
All Pens
Value Pens
Clearance Pens
Rollerball Pens
Novelty Pens


Metal Pens
Stylus Pens
Pencils
Highlighters
Markers
Pen Sets

Quick Links

Back
1 Day Express Products in Writing
Pens on Sale



Shop by Brand

Back
Bic Branded Products in Writing
Parker Branded Products in Writing
Senator Branded Products in Writing
Cross Branded Products in Writing
Prodir Branded Products in Writing
Sheaffer Branded Products in Writing
Waterman Branded Products in Writing
Shop All Brands



Popular Products in Writing




Curvy Pen with Highlighter
33p to 56p





















Coloured Mini Metal Stylus - Classic Colours
59p to £1.55





















Senator® Super Hit Pen - Exclusive Colours
22p to 40p





















Triple Highlighter
50p to £1.05




















 

See More

All Categories

4imprint Shops

Back to 4imprint Shops
Eco-FriendlyEducationExclusivesExhibition & Trade ShowsFEATURED SHOPSFull Colour PrintingGovernment & Public SectorHealthcare & SafetyPromotional Products for the HomeShop by AudienceShop by BrandShop by Brand - ClothingShop by Brand - PensShop by Brand - SweetsShop by Business TypeShop by CollectionShop by ColourShop by Season / OccasionShop by ShapeShop by SportUK MadeWorkwear
See All Shops



4imprint Quick Links

All 4imprint Quick Links
Hot Products
Clearance
Sale Products
New Products
Price Drops
1 Day Express
Exclusive Designs
Product Reviews



More Ways to Shop

Back
Brands
Eco Friendly
Helpful Links
Imprint Method
Material
Style
See All Categories


 






1 Day Express


Exclusive Items


Hot Products


New Products


Sale & Clearance










Promotional Products by 4imprint





Laurawith 4imprint3 years








No Worries,I've got this
Tight deadline? Looking for the perfect product? No problem! We're here to make it happen - and it's dispatched on-time or FREE.
Be Worry-Free








Seanwith 4imprint10 years








Want to be sure?Samples are the cure.
We're all about 'try before you buy'. Free samples make finding the perfect product perfectly simple!
Learn About Samples








Samwith 4imprint20 years








Making you look good.That's my thing.
Our art team is always willing to work with you to make sure your artwork looks amazing on whatever item you choose.
Your Art Team








Karenwith 4imprint20 years








Magical MerchandiseI find it and bring it to you.
Your brand on the right product makes the magic happen. We've got that 'perfect product' you're looking for - including your favourite brand names.
Our Merchandising Magic








Robinwith 4imprint11 years








We know it's not just a productif it's got your logo on it.
You want to look good and you want your company to look good. We get that - and we've got a guarantee to back it up!
Why Buy From Us







Featured Promotional Product Categories








Shop All Promotional Bags for Your Marketing Campaign
Beautiful brand carriers in many shapes, styles & sizes!

Shop Bags














Shop All Promotional Pens, Pencils, Highlighters and Writing Sets
All kinds of cool writing tools printed with your logo!

Shop Writing














Shop All Promotional Drinkware Products for Your Business
Refresh your next promotion while quenching their thirst!

Shop Drinkware














Shop All Giveaway Items on Sale and Clearance
Special prices and last chance deals on top promotional products!

Shop Sale














Shop All Promotional Business Clothing Products
Keep your team looking smart & feeling warm!

Shop Clothing














Shop All Imprinted Technology Products
The latest must have accessories printed with your logo!

Shop Tech














Shop All Personalized Paper & Desk Items
Customise your own notebooks, sticky notes, diaries & more!

Shop Paper














See All Low Minimum Quantity Promotional Products for Your Business
Giveaways available from under 100 units!

Shop Low MOQ













BrandsBig brands for your promotion!
























Shop All Brands 

















Flower Highlighter
prices from 72p to £1.25


Shop the Low Minimums now!













Magnetic Sticky Notes - House
prices from 65p to £1.45


Shop Clearance now!














Kustom Kit
For a fashionable fit - choose Kustom Kit!
Our new his & hers Fashion Fit T-Shirt from top garment manufacturer Kustom Kit comes in a great range of colours and is certain to impress!

Shop Kustom Kit Now 




Kirstie, with4imprint12 years




h2o Active Range
Turn up the Tempo with our Bop, Base, Pulse & Tempo sports bottles.
A refreshingly bold & bright range of sport & water bottles with a huge range of colour ways and advertising combinations including the very popular fruit infuser option!

Shop the h2o Collection Now 




Natalie, with4imprint2 years




The Shopper Sale
You can't go wrong with the classic Cotton Shopper, especially now it's on sale!
Our bestselling tote bag offers simple styling with long over-the-shoulder handles and a huge print area for your logo. An obvious alternative to the plastic carrier bag, proving that cotton shoppers are the way to go.

Shop the Shopper Sale Now 








10 Popular Search Terms


Search for 401597
2 products




Search for coasters
119 products




Search for free sample
7 products




Search for keyring
289 products




Search for notebook
305 products




Search for power bank
75 products




Search for stress balls
66 products




Search for usb flashdrive
177 products




Search for water bottle
222 products




Search for water bottles
205 products





4imprint Information and Contact Links


Connect with Us










Need Help?
Call 0800 055 6196


 Email





Be in the Know
Sign up to be notified about the latest trends, products, and news.

Please enter a valid email address
Email address



Sign Up for 4imprint News


Thank you for signing up!





































4imprint Group PLC Half-year Report - ADVFN




































03/08/2017 14:30:28


Cookie Policy
+44 (0) 207 0700 961


Free Membership
Login





MonitorQuoteChartsTradesNewsFinancialsToplistsAlertsPortfolioLevel 2Free BBPBB









Follow FeedSitemapNewslettersWebinarsCopy TradingForexGlobal MarketsMore
















 









4Imprint Group (LSE)4licensing Corp (PN)(USOTC)




New! You've just added your first Follow!
This is a brand new feature that will be the core of several new tools we're building for you.
To see a tutorial on how the Follow Feed works: View Tutorial
To dive right in and see the Follow Feed in action with your first follow: Follow Feed


			You can see your current Follow list as a Monitor list here.
		



4imprint Share News (FOUR)

 











Follow FOUR



New! You've just added your first Follow!
This is a brand new feature that will be the core of several new tools we're building for you.
To see a tutorial on how the Follow Feed works: View Tutorial
To dive right in and see the Follow Feed in action with your first follow: Follow Feed


			You can see your current Follow list as a Monitor list here.
		




 




Share Name
Share Symbol
Market
Type
Share ISIN
Share Description


4imprint Group
LSE:FOUR
London
Ordinary Share
GB0006640972
ORD 38 6/13P






 
Price Change
% Change
Share Price
Bid Price
Offer Price
High Price
Low Price
Open Price
Shares Traded
Last Trade


 
+22.00p
+1.29%
1,730.00p
1,716.00p
1,745.00p
1,730.00p
1,710.00p
1,710.00p
8,572
13:00:02





Industry Sector
Turnover (m)
Profit (m)
EPS - Basic
PE Ratio
Market Cap (m)


Media
452.1
27.7
70.7
26.2
483.80



Print



4imprint Group PLC Half-year Report

01/08/2017 7:00am
UK Regulatory (RNS & others)


4imprint (LSE:FOUR)Historical Stock Chart
1 Month : From Jul 2017 to Aug 2017



  TIDMFOUR 

  RNS Number : 6579M 

  4imprint Group PLC 

  01 August 2017 

                                                                                                                             1 August 2017 

  4imprint Group plc 

  Half year results for the period ended 1 July 2017 

  4imprint Group plc (the "Group" or the "Company"), the leading direct marketer of promotional products, announces its half year results for the period ended 1 July 2017. 

  Highlights 

 
 Financial                            Half     Half 
                                      year     year 
                                      2017     2016 
                                        $m       $m           Change 
---------------------------------  -------  -------  --------------- 
 Revenue                            298.91   270.22             +11% 
 
  Underlying* profit before tax      16.49    14.33             +15% 
 
  Profit before tax                  15.70    11.14             +41% 
---------------------------------  -------  -------  --------------- 
 
   Underlying* basic EPS (cents) 
 
   Basic EPS (cents)                 41.28    37.28             +11% 
 
   Interim dividend per share        39.16    28.22             +39% 
   (cents) 
                                     18.10    16.32             +11% 
   Interim dividend per share 
   (pence)                           13.80    12.30             +12% 
---------------------------------  -------  -------  --------------- 
 

  * Underlying is before share option related charges, defined benefit pension charges and exceptional items. 

 
  Operational 
------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
          *    Organic revenue growth in both North American and UK 
               markets continues to outpace the growth rates of the 
               industry as a whole 
 
 
 
          *    587,000 individually customised orders received in 
               the period, up 11% over H1 2016 
 
 
 
          *    125,000 new customers acquired (+4%); catalogue 
               marketing activities weighted more to H2 
 
 
 
          *    14% increase over H1 2016 in orders from existing 
               customers, reflecting strong customer retention 
               profile 
 
 
 
          *    Strong operating cash generation, resulting in 
               $33.26m net cash at period end, ($21.68m at 31 
               December 2016) 
------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 

  For further information, please contact: 

 
4imprint Group plc           MHP Communications 
 Tel. + 44 (0) 20 7299 7201   Tel. + 44 (0) 20 3128 8100 
 
 
Kevin Lyons-Tarr - CEO  Katie Hunt 
 
 David Seekings - CFO    Nessyah Hart 
 

  About 4imprint Group 

  We are the leading direct marketer of promotional products in the USA, Canada, the UK and Ireland. 

  Operations are focused around a highly developed direct marketing business model which provides millions of potential customers with access to tens of thousands of customised products. 

  Organic growth is delivered by using a wide range of data-driven, offline and online direct marketing techniques to capture market share in the large and fragmented promotional products markets that we serve. 

  Our locations 

  North America 

  Most of our revenue is generated in North America, serviced from the principal office in Oshkosh, Wisconsin. 

   --      2016 revenue: $540.6m (97% of Group revenue) 
   --      859 employees (June 2017) 

  UK and Ireland 

  Customers in the UK and Irish markets are served out of an office in Manchester, UK. 

   --      2016 revenue: $17.6m (3% of Group revenue) 
   --      38 employees (June 2017) 

  Our objectives 

  Market leadership 

  We aim to develop our position as the leading direct marketer of promotional products in the markets in which we operate. 

  Organic revenue growth 

  Our primary financial objective is to maximise organic revenue growth whilst maintaining a broadly stable operating margin percentage. 

  Competitive advantage 

  We aspire to achieve competitive advantage through sustained investment in three key areas: 

   --      Marketing 
   --      People 
   --      Systems technology and data analytics 

  Website 

  http://investors.4imprint.com 

  Chairman's Statement 

  The results for the first half of 2017 were encouraging and consistent with our strategic objective to deliver profitable organic revenue growth. 

  Revenue of $298.9m was up 11% over the same period in 2016, and operating profit before exceptional items at $16.1m was 15% higher against the same comparative. At the demand level, total orders received were up 11% over the first six months of 2016, representing continued growth at a rate well above that of the industry as a whole. 

  Our business continues to benefit from stable gross margins and tight control of the marketing budget and other overheads. Coupled with low fixed capital and working capital requirements, this translated into strong cash generation in the first half of the year and a closing cash balance of $33.3m, ($21.7m at 31 December 2016). 

  As a result of active management in recent years, the Group's legacy defined contribution pension liability has now been significantly de-risked. A new contribution schedule has been agreed with the Trustee, resulting in an annual cash commitment of just above $3m over the next five and a half years with the intention of eliminating the funding deficit over this period. 

  The Group is in a secure financial position, with a much reduced and less volatile call on cash from its ongoing pension obligations. In this context, the Board has declared an interim dividend per share of 18.10c, an increase of 11% over 2016. 

  4imprint is a marketing-led organisation. In addition to refining our existing data-driven marketing platform, the team is constantly looking for, and testing, different or complementary marketing techniques to assist with new customer acquisition and the retention of existing customers. This culture of innovation in the ways that we reach our customers remains a key focus moving forward. 

  Outlook 

  Trading in the first half of the year was in line with our expectations, reflecting a planned re-phasing of some of our marketing activities towards the second half of 2017. A firm foundation is in place for further organic revenue growth in the second half. 

 
 Paul Moody 
 Chairman 
 

  1 August 2017 

  Operating and Financial Review 

  Operating Review 

 
                     Half     Half 
                     year     year 
                     2017     2016 
 Revenue               $m       $m   Change 
----------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 North America     290.17   261.29     +11% 
 UK and Ireland      8.74     8.93      -2% 
----------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 Total             298.91   270.22     +11% 
----------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 
 
 
                                   Half     Half 
                                   year     year 
                                   2017     2016 
 Underlying* operating profit        $m       $m   Change 
------------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 Direct Marketing operations      18.20    16.18     +12% 
 Head office                     (1.67)   (1.85)     -10% 
------------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 Total                            16.53    14.33     +15% 
------------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 

  * Underlying is before share option related charges, defined benefit pension charges and exceptional items. 

  The first six months of 2017 produced encouraging trading results which were in line with our expectations. Group revenue for the period improved by 11% and underlying operating profit was 15% higher, both measured against the 2016 half year comparative. 

  The North American business accounted for 97% of Group revenue, producing $290.2m (2016: $261.3m) in the first half.  This growth rate of 11% compares favourably with the latest estimates from industry sources which indicate that the overall promotional products markets in the US and Canada are likely to be growing at a rate of around 3%. This confirms that we continue to take share in markets that remain fragmented yet substantial. 

  The UK and Ireland business had a good first half, also continuing to take market share with revenue up 11% in underlying currency. This strong trading performance was negatively impacted by year-on-year currency movements, ending with half year US dollar reported revenue 2% lower than 2016. 

  Overall, more than 125,000 new customers were acquired during the period, with new customer orders up by 4% over prior year. This customer acquisition rate was consistent with a deliberate re-phasing of our catalogue marketing activities in the first half of the year, with planned year-on-year increases weighted more towards the second half. Orders from existing customers increased by 14% over 2016. In total, 587,000 individually customised orders were processed in the period, an increase of 11% over the comparative period. 

  We remain confident in the platform provided by our direct marketing business model, which is constantly evolving through sustained investment in marketing, people, systems technology and data analytics. Our team is focused on identifying and testing new ways to: (i) deliver our message to potential customers; (ii) improve retention of our existing customers; and (iii) enhance the remarkable customer service delivered across all customer interactions. 

  Underlying operating profit in Direct Marketing operations, excluding Head Office costs, increased by 12% over the same period in the prior year. This result was driven by a familiar combination of stable gross margin percentage together with a fixed element of selling and administration overheads allowing increased allocation of funds to invest in marketing activities. 

  Head Office costs were 10% lower than prior year, largely due to exchange rate movements. 

  Overall Group operating margin percentage improved to 5.5% (2016: 5.3%). 

  Our business operations remain highly cash generative. Satisfactory trading and efficient balance sheet management resulted in $27.7m of pre-tax operating cash flow being generated in the first half of 2017. 

  Financial Review 

 
                                    Half           Half 
                                    year           year     Half     Half 
                                    2017           2016     year     year 
                             underlying*    underlying*     2017     2016 
                                      $m             $m       $m       $m 
-------------------------  -------------  -------------  -------  ------- 
 Underlying* operating 
  profit                           16.53          14.33    16.53    14.33 
 Defined benefit pension 
  scheme administration 
  costs                                                   (0.15)   (0.15) 
 Share option charges                                     (0.29)   (0.21) 
 Net finance expense              (0.04)              -   (0.04)        - 
 Pension finance charge                                   (0.25)   (0.37) 
 Exceptional items                                        (0.10)   (2.46) 
-------------------------  -------------  -------------  -------  ------- 
 Profit before tax                 16.49          14.33    15.70    11.14 
-------------------------  -------------  -------------  -------  ------- 
 

  * Underlying is before share option related charges, defined benefit pension charges and exceptional items. 

  Operating result 

  Group revenue in the first half of the year was $298.91m (2016: $270.22m), an increase of 11% over the prior year. Underlying profit before tax in the period was $16.53m (2016: $14.33m), an increase of 15%. 

  Foreign exchange 

  The average Sterling/US dollar rate for the first half of 2017 was $1.26 (H1 2016: $1.43; FY 2016: $1.35). The closing Sterling/US dollar rate as at 1 July 2017 was $1.30 (2 July 2016: $1.33; 31 December 2016: $1.23). 

  The Sterling/US dollar exchange rate has been quite volatile since the EU referendum in June 2016.  The implications for the Group are as follows: 

  --        Translational risk in the income statement is low; 97% of the Group's trading activities originate in US dollars, the reporting currency. At constant currency the Group's revenue in the first half of 2017 would have been $1.2m higher. 

  --        The balance sheet is stable, as most constituent elements are primarily US dollar-based. The main exception to this is the Sterling-based defined benefit pension liability. Currency movements produced an exchange loss on the pension liability of $1.05m for the first half of 2017. 

  --        The Group is highly cash-generative, mostly in US dollars, but its primary applications of post-tax cash are Shareholder dividends and pension contributions, both of which are paid in Sterling. To the extent that Sterling weakens against the US dollar, more funds are available in payment currency for these purposes. 

  Share option charges 

  A total of $0.29m (2016: $0.21m) was charged in the period in respect of IFRS2, "Share-based payments". This charge was made up of two elements: (i) executive awards under the 2015 Incentive Plan, and (ii) charges in respect of the 2016 UK SAYE Scheme and 2016 US Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 

  Current options outstanding are: 138,892 share options under the SAYE Scheme and Stock Purchase Plan; and 42,278 share options, awarded in respect of the 2015 and 2016 financial periods, under the 2015 Incentive Plan. 

  Exceptional items 

  Exceptional items charged in the first half of 2017 amounted to $0.10m (2016: $2.46m). All of the charge related to the pension risk reduction project. 

  Net finance expense 

  Net finance expense in the period was $0.04m (2016: $nil). This represents non-utilisation fees on the US line of credit, offset by a modest amount of external interest received on deposits. 

  Taxation 

  The tax charge for the half year was $4.71m (2016: $3.23m). The composite tax rate of 30% (2016: 29%) reflects the expected tax rate for the Group for the full year in 2017. The charge relates principally to taxation payable on profits earned in the USA. The increase in the overall rate between years is due mainly to higher taxable profits arising in the USA, which is a higher tax rate jurisdiction. 

  Earnings per share 

  Underlying basic earnings per share was 41.28c (2016: 37.28c), an increase of 11%, reflecting the increase of 11% in underlying profit after tax. 

  Basic earnings per share was 39.16c (2016: 28.22c), an increase of 39% over prior year. The primary factor driving this sharp increase was a significantly lower exceptional charge ($0.10m in the first half of 2017 against $2.46m in the same period in 2016). 

  Dividends 

  Dividends are determined in US dollars and paid in Sterling at the exchange rate on the date that the dividend is determined. 

  The Board has declared an interim dividend per share of 18.10c (2016: 16.32c), an increase of 11%. In Sterling, the interim dividend per share will be 13.80p (2016:12.30p), an increase of 12% over prior period. The dividend will be paid on 14 September 2017 to Shareholders on the register at the close of business on 18 August 2017. 

  Defined benefit pension scheme 

  The Group sponsors a legacy UK defined benefit scheme which has been closed to new members and future accruals for several years. The scheme has 74 pensioners and 342 deferred members. 

  At 1 July 2017, the deficit of the scheme on an IAS 19 basis was $19.50m, compared to $19.29m at 31 December 2016. Gross scheme liabilities under IAS19 were $35.96m and assets were $16.46m. 

  The change in deficit is analysed as follows: 

 
                                                             $m 
-----------------------------------------------------   ------- 
 IAS 19 deficit at 31 December 2016                       19.29 
 Pension administration costs paid by the scheme           0.15 
 Exceptional item - buy-out costs paid by scheme           0.10 
 Pension finance charge                                    0.25 
 Contributions by employer                               (1.66) 
 Re-measurement losses due to changes in assumptions       0.32 
 Exchange loss                                             1.05 
------------------------------------------------------  ------- 
 IAS 19 deficit at 1 July 2017                            19.50 
------------------------------------------------------  ------- 
 

  The main reason driving the small net increase in the liability was an exchange loss on translation into reporting currency, offsetting the employer contributions in the period. In Sterling, the net deficit decreased by GBP0.67m to GBP15.01m in the period. 

  Further to the completion of the buy-out exercise in 2016, the old scheme is in the process of being wound up in order to extinguish fully any residual liability. It is anticipated that this process will be completed during the second half of the year. 

  The remaining population of mainly deferred pensioners was transferred across into a new plan with equivalent benefits. A full actuarial valuation has taken place in respect of the new plan, subsequent to which a new deficit contribution schedule has been agreed with the Trustee. Under this agreement, contributions of GBP2.25m per annum are payable by the Company commencing on 1 July 2017. This amount rises by 3% per annum, with the first increase applicable in July 2018. The agreement is for a period of 5 years 7 months until 31 January 2023, at which point the funding shortfall is expected to be eliminated. In addition, and consistent with previous practice, an annual allowance of GBP0.25m will be paid, to the plan, towards the costs of its administration and management. 

  At current exchange rates, the overall cash contribution for the second half of 2017 is likely to be around $1.6m. This is before any contributions to agreed transfer values out of the plan, which the Company is committed to funding at a rate of 50% of the transfer value. 

  Cash flow 

  Net cash was $33.26m at 1 July 2017 (2 July 2016: $20.00m; 31 December 2016: $21.68m). 

  Cash flow in the period is summarised as follows: 

 
                                          Half year   Half year 
                                               2017        2016 
                                                 $m          $m 
---------------------------------------  ----------  ---------- 
 Underlying operating profit                  16.53       14.33 
 Depreciation and amortisation                 1.25        1.17 
 Change in working capital                    10.73       13.33 
 Capital expenditure                         (0.86)      (1.40) 
---------------------------------------  ----------  ---------- 
 Operating cash flow                          27.65       27.43 
 Tax and interest                            (3.34)      (2.00) 
 Defined benefit pension contributions       (1.66)     (15.43) 
 Other                                       (0.39)      (0.80) 
---------------------------------------  ----------  ---------- 
 Free cash flow                               22.26        9.20 
 Dividends to Shareholders                  (10.68)      (7.58) 
---------------------------------------  ----------  ---------- 
 Net cash inflow in the period                11.58        1.62 
---------------------------------------  ----------  ---------- 
 

  The Group delivered another strong cash flow performance in the first half of 2017, with $22.26m of free cash flow generated in the period. This was driven primarily by the advantageous working capital characteristics of the direct marketing business model. 

  Balance sheet and Shareholders' funds 

  Net assets at 1 July 2017 were $28.53m, compared to $29.33m at 31 December 2016. The balance sheet is summarised as follows: 

 
                        1 July   31 December 
                          2017          2016 
                            $m            $m 
--------------------  --------  ------------ 
 Non-current assets      24.83         25.05 
 Working capital        (7.17)          3.58 
 Net cash                33.26         21.68 
 Pension deficit       (19.50)       (19.29) 
 Other liabilities      (2.89)        (1.69) 
 Net assets              28.53         29.33 
--------------------  --------  ------------ 
 

  Shareholders' funds decreased by $0.80m since the 2016 year end, with net profit in the period of $10.99m and $0.29m of share option related movements offset by $0.40m exchange, $0.26m of net pension movements, own share transactions of $0.74m and dividends paid of $10.68m. 

  The Group had a net negative working capital balance of $7.17m at 1 July 2017, ($(3.53)m at 2 July 2016), reflecting a stable and typical half year trading position. 

  Treasury Policy 

  The financial requirements of the Group are managed through a centralised treasury policy. The Group operates cash pooling arrangements for its North American operations. Forward contracts are taken out to buy or sell currency relating to specific receivables and payables as well as remittances from overseas subsidiaries. The Group holds the majority of its cash with its principal US and UK bankers. A facility with the principal US bank, JPMorgan Chase, N.A., is available to fund the short term working capital requirements of the North American business. 

  The Group has $20.5m of working capital facilities with its principal US bank. The interest rate is US$ LIBOR plus 1.5%, and the facilities expire on 31 May 2018 ($20.0m US facility) and 31 August 2017 ($0.5m Canadian facility). In addition, an overdraft facility of GBP1.0m, with an interest rate of bank base rate plus 2.0%, is available from the Group's principal UK bank, Lloyds Bank plc. 

  Critical accounting policies 

  Critical accounting policies are those that require significant judgements or estimates and potentially result in materially different results under different assumptions or conditions. It is considered that the Group's only critical accounting policy is in respect of pensions. 

  Risks 

  The Group may be affected by a number of risks. These risks have been reviewed at the half year and have not changed since the year end. The risks are detailed on pages 16 to 18 of the Group's Annual Report 2016, a copy of which is available on the Group's website: http://investors.4imprint.com. These risks comprise: macroeconomic conditions; competition; currency exchange; business facility disruption; disruption to delivery service or the product supply chain; disturbance in established marketing techniques; reliance on key personnel; failure or interruption of information technology systems and infrastructure; failure to adapt to new technological innovations; and security of customer data. 

 
 Kevin Lyons-Tarr          David Seekings 
 Chief Executive Officer   Chief Financial Officer 
 

  1 August 2017 

  Condensed Consolidated Income Statement (unaudited) 

 
                                                     Half        Half        Full 
                                                     year        year        year 
                                                     2017        2016        2016 
                                         Note       $'000       $'000       $'000 
-------------------------------------  ------  ----------  ----------  ---------- 
 
 Revenue                                    6     298,911     270,222     558,223 
 Operating expenses                             (282,923)   (258,713)   (523,527) 
-------------------------------------  ------  ----------  ----------  ---------- 
 
 Operating profit before exceptional 
  items                                            16,090      13,970      37,636 
 Exceptional items                          7       (102)     (2,461)     (2,940) 
-------------------------------------  ------  ----------  ----------  ---------- 
 Operating profit                           6      15,988      11,509      34,696 
-------------------------------------  ------  ----------  ----------  ---------- 
 
 Finance income                                         1          21          22 
 Finance costs                                       (38)        (20)        (46) 
 Pension finance charge                    11       (254)       (372)       (521) 
-------------------------------------  ------  ----------  ----------  ---------- 
 Net finance cost                                   (291)       (371)       (545) 
 Profit before tax                                 15,697      11,138      34,151 
 Taxation                                   8     (4,709)     (3,230)     (9,672) 
-------------------------------------  ------  ----------  ----------  ---------- 
 Profit for the period                             10,988       7,908      24,479 
-------------------------------------  ------  ----------  ----------  ---------- 
 
                                                    Cents       Cents       Cents 
-------------------------------------  ------  ----------  ----------  ---------- 
 Earnings per share 
 Basic                                      9       39.16       28.22       87.27 
 Diluted                                    9       39.06       28.13       87.02 
 Underlying                                 9       41.28       37.28       99.01 
-------------------------------------  ------  ----------  ----------  ---------- 
 

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) 

 
                                                      Half       Half       Full 
                                                      year       year       year 
                                                      2017       2016       2016 
                                             Note    $'000      $'000      $'000 
------------------------------------------  -----  -------  ---------  --------- 
 Profit for the period                              10,988      7,908     24,479 
------------------------------------------  -----  -------  ---------  --------- 
 Other comprehensive (expense)/income 
 Items that may be reclassified 
  subsequently to the income 
  statement: 
 Currency translation differences                    (400)        722        992 
 Items that will not be reclassified 
  subsequently to the income 
  statement: 
 Re-measurement gains/(losses) 
  on post employment obligations               11       10   (20,124)   (16,261) 
 Return on pension scheme assets 
  (excluding interest income)                  11    (334)     12,348      3,323 
 Tax relating to components 
  of other comprehensive (expense)/income               62      (835)        869 
 Effect of change in UK tax 
  rate                                                   -       (47)      (235) 
------------------------------------------  -----  -------  ---------  --------- 
 Total other comprehensive 
  expense net of tax                                 (662)    (7,936)   (11,312) 
------------------------------------------  -----  -------  ---------  --------- 
 Total comprehensive income/(expense) 
  for the period                                    10,326       (28)     13,167 
------------------------------------------  -----  -------  ---------  --------- 
 

  Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet (unaudited) 

 
                                                  At         At         At 
                                              1 July     2 July     31 Dec 
                                                2017       2016       2016 
                                     Note      $'000      $'000      $'000 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
 Non-current assets 
 Property, plant and equipment                18,663     18,318     18,938 
 Intangible assets                             1,024      1,154      1,082 
 Deferred tax assets                           5,143      3,118      5,030 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
                                              24,830     22,590     25,050 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
 Current assets 
 Inventories                                   4,432      3,646      4,179 
 Trade and other receivables                  44,619     41,429     39,766 
 Current tax                                       -          -         34 
 Cash and cash equivalents             12     33,263     20,001     21,683 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
                                              82,314     65,076     65,662 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
 Current liabilities 
 Trade and other payables                   (56,226)   (48,601)   (40,363) 
 Current tax                                 (1,107)      (196)          - 
                                            (57,333)   (48,797)   (40,363) 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
 Net current assets                           24,981     16,279     25,299 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
 Non-current liabilities 
 Retirement benefit obligations        11   (19,505)   (16,376)   (19,290) 
 Deferred tax liability                      (1,640)    (1,160)    (1,601) 
 Provisions for other liabilities 
  and charges                                  (140)      (143)      (133) 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
                                            (21,285)   (17,679)   (21,024) 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
 Net assets                                   28,526     21,190     29,325 

----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
 
 Shareholders' equity 
 Share capital                         14     18,842     18,842     18,842 
 Share premium reserve                        68,451     68,451     68,451 
 Other reserves                                6,020      6,150      6,420 
 Retained earnings                          (64,787)   (72,253)   (64,388) 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
 Total Shareholders' equity                   28,526     21,190     29,325 
----------------------------------  -----  ---------  ---------  --------- 
 

  Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity (unaudited) 

 
                                                                       Retained 
                                                                       earnings 
                                         Share                           Profit 
                              Share    premium       Other       Own        and      Total 
                            capital    reserve    reserves    shares       loss     equity 
                              $'000      $'000       $'000     $'000      $'000      $'000 
------------------------  ---------  ---------  ----------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 At 2 January 2016           18,777     68,451       5,428     (712)   (63,492)     28,452 
 Profit for the period                                                    7,908      7,908 
 Other comprehensive 
  (expense)/income                                     722              (8,658)    (7,936) 
------------------------  ---------  ---------  ----------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 Total comprehensive 
  (expense)/income                                     722                (750)       (28) 
------------------------  ---------  ---------  ----------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 Share-based payment 
  charge                                                                    208        208 
 Proceeds from options 
  exercised                                                                 142        142 
 Shares issued                   65                                                     65 
 Own shares purchased                                           (65)                  (65) 
 Own shares utilised                                             724      (724)          - 
 Dividends                                                              (7,584)    (7,584) 
------------------------  ---------  ---------  ----------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 At 2 July 2016              18,842     68,451       6,150      (53)   (72,200)     21,190 
 Profit for the period                                                   16,571     16,571 
 Other comprehensive 
  income/(expense)                                     270              (3,646)    (3,376) 
 Total comprehensive 
  income                                               270               12,925     13,195 
------------------------  ---------  ---------  ----------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 Share-based payment 
  charge                                                                    217        217 
 Own shares purchased                                          (412)                 (412) 
 Own shares utilised                                              43       (43)          - 
 Deferred tax relating 
  to share options and 
  losses                                                                  (308)      (308) 
 Dividends                                                              (4,557)    (4,557) 
------------------------  ---------  ---------  ----------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 Balance at 31 December 
  2016                       18,842     68,451       6,420     (422)   (63,966)     29,325 
 Profit for the period                                                   10,988     10,988 
 Other comprehensive 
  expense net of tax                                 (400)                (262)      (662) 
------------------------  ---------  ---------  ----------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 Total comprehensive 
  income                                             (400)               10,726     10,326 
------------------------  ---------  ---------  ----------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 Share-based payment 
  charge                                                                    288        288 
 Proceeds from options 
  exercised                                                                   8          8 
 Own shares purchased                                          (742)                 (742) 
 Own shares utilised                                              11       (11)          - 
 Dividends                                                             (10,679)   (10,679) 
------------------------  ---------  ---------  ----------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 Balance at 1 July 
  2017                       18,842     68,451       6,020   (1,153)   (63,634)     28,526 
------------------------  ---------  ---------  ----------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 

  Condensed Consolidated Cash Flow Statement (unaudited) 

 
                                                 Half      Half       Full 
                                                 year      year       year 
                                                 2017      2016       2016 
                                      Note      $'000     $'000      $'000 
-----------------------------------  -----  ---------  --------  --------- 
 Cash flows from operating 
  activities 
 Cash generated from operations         13     26,850    13,314     29,495 
 Net tax paid                                 (3,305)   (1,998)    (9,423) 
 Finance income                                     1        22         23 
 Finance costs                                   (36)      (20)       (46) 
-----------------------------------  -----  ---------  --------  --------- 
 Net cash generated from operating 
  activities                                   23,510    11,318     20,049 
-----------------------------------  -----  ---------  --------  --------- 
 
 Cash flows from investing 
  activities 
 Purchases of property, plant 
  and equipment                                 (689)   (1,203)    (2,903) 
 Purchases of intangible assets                 (175)     (201)      (383) 
 Net proceeds from sale of 
  property, plant and equipment                     -         -         19 
 Net cash utilised in investing 
  activities                                    (864)   (1,404)    (3,267) 
-----------------------------------  -----  ---------  --------  --------- 
 
 Cash flows from financing 
  activities 
 Proceeds from issue of ordinary 
  shares                                14          -        65         65 
 Purchase of own shares by 
  ESOT                                          (734)      (65)      (335) 
 Dividends paid to Shareholders         10   (10,679)   (7,584)   (12,141) 
-----------------------------------  -----  ---------  --------  --------- 
 Net cash used in financing 
  activities                                 (11,413)   (7,584)   (12,411) 
-----------------------------------  -----  ---------  --------  --------- 
 
 Net movement in cash and cash 
  equivalents                                  11,233     2,330      4,371 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
  at beginning of the period                   21,683    18,381     18,381 
 Exchange gains/(losses) on 
  cash and cash equivalents                       347     (710)    (1,069) 
-----------------------------------  -----  ---------  --------  --------- 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
  at end of the period                         33,263    20,001     21,683 
-----------------------------------  -----  ---------  --------  --------- 
 
 Analysis of cash and cash 
  equivalents 
 Cash at bank and in hand               12     33,263    20,001     19,196 
 Short-term deposits                    12          -         -      2,487 
-----------------------------------  -----  ---------  --------  --------- 
                                               33,263    20,001     21,683 
-----------------------------------  -----  ---------  --------  --------- 
 

  Notes to the Interim Financial Statements 

  1 General information 

  4imprint Group plc is a public limited company incorporated and domiciled in the UK and listed on the London Stock Exchange. Its registered office is 7/8 Market Place, London, W1W 8AG. 

  The condensed consolidated interim financial statements were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 1 August 2017. 

  These condensed consolidated interim financial statements do not comprise statutory accounts within the meaning of Section 434 of the Companies Act 2006. Statutory accounts for the period ended 31 December 2016 were approved by the Board of Directors on 8 March 2017 and delivered to the Registrar of Companies. The report of the auditors on those accounts was unqualified, did not contain an emphasis of matter paragraph and did not contain any statement under Section 498 of the Companies Act 2006. 

  The financial information contained in this report has neither been audited nor reviewed, pursuant to Auditing Practices Board guidance on Review of Interim Financial Information, by the auditors. 

  2 Basis of preparation 

  These condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the half year ended 1 July 2017 have been prepared, in US dollars, in accordance with the Disclosure and Transparency Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority and IAS 34 'Interim Financial Reporting', as adopted by the European Union, and should be read in conjunction with the Group's financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2016, which were prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union. 

  After making enquiries, the Directors have a reasonable expectation that the Company and the Group have adequate resources to continue to operate for a period of at least twelve months from the date these interim financial statements were approved. Accordingly, they continue to adopt the going concern basis in preparing the Interim Report and financial statements. 

  3 Accounting policies 

  The accounting policies applied in these condensed consolidated interim financial statements are consistent with those of the annual financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2016, as described in those annual financial statements. New accounting standards applicable for the first time in this reporting period have no impact on the Group's results. 

  The tax charge for the interim period is accrued based on the best estimate of the tax charge for the full financial year. 

  4 Use of assumptions and estimates 

  The preparation of the interim financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experiences and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making judgements about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. There have been no changes in the key areas involving management judgements since the year end. 

  5 Financial risk management 

  The Group's activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: currency risk; credit risk; liquidity risk; and capital risk. 

  The condensed consolidated interim financial statements do not include all financial risk management information and disclosures required in the annual financial statements; they should be read in conjunction with the Group's annual financial statements as at 31 December 2016. There have been no changes in any risk management policies since this date. 

  6 Segmental analysis 

  The chief operating decision maker has been identified as the Board. 

  The operations of the Group are reported in one primary operating segment. 

 
 Revenue 
--------------------------------------------  --------  --------  -------- 
                                                  Half      Half      Full 
                                                  year      year      year 
                                                  2017      2016      2016 
  4imprint Direct Marketing                      $'000     $'000     $'000 
 North America                                 290,169   261,286   540,599 
 UK and Ireland                                  8,742     8,936    17,624 
--------------------------------------------  --------  --------  -------- 
 Total revenue from the sale of promotional 
  products                                     298,911   270,222   558,223 
--------------------------------------------  --------  --------  -------- 
 
 
 
 Profit                                     Underlying                         Total 
                                    Half      Half       Full          Half      Half      Full 
                                    year      year       year          year      year      year 
                                    2017      2016       2016          2017      2016      2016 
                                   $'000     $'000      $'000         $'000     $'000      $000 
 4imprint Direct 
  Marketing                       18,195    16,182     42,282        18,195    16,182    42,282 
 Head Office                     (1,668)   (1,851)    (3,905)       (1,668)   (1,851)   (3,905) 
------------------------------  --------  --------  ---------      --------  --------  -------- 
 Underlying operating 
  profit                          16,527    14,331     38,377        16,527    14,331    38,377 
 Exceptional items 
  (note 7)                                                            (102)   (2,461)   (2,940) 
 Share option related 
  charges                                                             (292)     (211)     (430) 
 Defined benefit 
  pension scheme 
  administration 
  costs                                                               (145)     (150)     (311) 
------------------------------  --------  --------  ---------      --------  --------  -------- 
 Operating profit                 16,527    14,331     38,377        15,988    11,509    34,696 
 Net finance (expense)/income       (37)         1       (24)          (37)         1      (24) 
 Pension finance 
  charge                                                              (254)     (372)     (521) 
------------------------------  --------  --------  ---------      --------  --------  -------- 
 Profit before tax                16,490    14,332     38,353        15,697    11,138    34,151 
 Taxation                        (4,909)   (3,886)   (10,580)       (4,709)   (3,230)   (9,672) 
------------------------------  --------  --------  ---------      --------  --------  -------- 
 Profit after tax                 11,581    10,446     27,773        10,988     7,908    24,479 
------------------------------  --------  --------  ---------      --------  --------  -------- 
 

  7 Exceptional items 

 
                                          Half    Half    Full 
                                          year    year    year 
                                          2017    2016    2016 
                                         $'000   $'000   $'000 
--------------------------------------  ------  ------  ------ 
 Pension buy-out costs                     102     926   1,488 
 Past service costs regarding defined 
  benefit pension scheme pensioner 
  GMP equalisation                           -   1,535   1,452 
--------------------------------------  ------  ------  ------ 
                                           102   2,461   2,940 
--------------------------------------  ------  ------  ------ 
 

  The pension buy-out costs include: costs incurred by the scheme of $102k (2016 HY: $786, 2016 FY: $1,320k); and costs incurred by the Company of $nil (2016 HY: $140k, 2016 FY: $168k). 

  8 Taxation 

  The taxation charge for the period to 1 July 2017 was 30%, the estimated rate for the full year (H1 2016: 29%; FY 2016: 28%). Tax paid in the period was $3.31m (H1 2016: $2.00m; FY 2016: $9.42m). 

  9 Earnings per share 

  Basic, underlying and diluted 

  The basic, underlying and diluted earnings per share are calculated based on the following data: 

 
                       Half    Half     Full 
                       year    year     year 
                       2017    2016     2016 
                      $'000   $'000    $'000 
------------------  -------  ------  ------- 
 Profit after tax    10,988   7,908   24,479 
------------------  -------  ------  ------- 
 
 
                                            Half     Half     Full 
                                            year     year     year 
                                            2017     2016     2016 
                                          Number   Number   Number 
                                           000's    000's    000's 
---------------------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 Basic weighted average number of 
  shares                                  28,056   28,018   28,050 
 Adjustment for employee share options        77       96       81 
---------------------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 Diluted weighted average number of 
  shares                                  28,133   28,114   28,131 
---------------------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 
 Basic earnings per share                 39.16c   28.22c   87.27c 
 
 Diluted earnings per share               39.06c   28.13c   87.02c 
---------------------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 
 
                                                     Half      Half      Full 
                                                     year      year      year 
                                                     2017      2016      2016 
                                                    $'000     $'000     $'000 
-----------------------------------------------  --------  --------  -------- 
 Profit before tax                                 15,697    11,138    34,151 
 Adjustments: 
 Defined benefit pension scheme administration 
  costs                                               145       150       311 
 Share option charges                                 288       208       425 
 Social security charges on share 
  options                                               4         3         5 
 Exceptional items                                    102     2,461     2,940 
 Pension finance charge                               254       372       521 
-----------------------------------------------  --------  --------  -------- 
 Underlying profit before tax                      16,490    14,332    38,353 
 Taxation                                         (4,709)   (3,230)   (9,672) 
 Tax relating to above adjustments                  (200)     (656)     (908) 
-----------------------------------------------  --------  --------  -------- 
 Underlying profit after tax                       11,581    10,446    27,773 
-----------------------------------------------  --------  --------  -------- 
 
 
 Underlying basic earnings per share    41.28c   37.28c   99.01c 
-------------------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 

  The basic weighted average number of shares excludes shares held in the employee share trust. The effect of this is to reduce the average by 29,575 (H1 2016: 5,429; FY 2016: 4,900). 

 
 10 Dividends                         Half    Half     Full 
                                      year    year     year 
                                      2017    2016     2016 
                                     $'000   $'000    $'000 
---------------------------------  -------  ------  ------- 
 Dividends paid in the period       10,679   7,584   12,141 
---------------------------------  -------  ------  ------- 
 
                                     Cents   Cents    Cents 
---------------------------------  -------  ------  ------- 
 Dividends per 
  share declared      - Interim      18.10   16.32    16.32 
  - Final                                             26.80 
 --------------------------------  -------  ------  ------- 
 

  The interim dividend for 2017 of 18.10c per ordinary share (interim 2016: 16.32c; final 2016: 26.80c) will be paid on 14 September 2017 to Shareholders on the register at the close of business on 18 August 2017. 

  11 Employee pension schemes 

  The Group operates defined contribution pension plans for the majority of its UK and US employees. The regular contributions are charged to the income statement as they are incurred. 

  The Group also sponsors a legacy UK defined benefit pension scheme which is closed to new members and future accruals. The funds of the scheme are administered by a trustee company and are independent of the Group's finances. 

  The last full actuarial valuation was carried out by a qualified independent actuary as at 30 September 2016 and this has been updated on an approximate basis to 1 July 2017 in accordance with IAS19. There have been no changes in the valuation methodology adopted for this period's disclosures compared to previous periods' disclosure. 

  The amounts recognised in the income statement in respect of the defined benefit pension scheme are: 

 
                                                      Half    Half    Full 
                                                      year    year    year 
                                                      2017    2016    2016 
                                                     $'000   $'000   $'000 
--------------------------------------------------  ------  ------  ------ 
 Defined benefit pension scheme administration 
  costs                                                145     150     311 
 Pension finance charge                                254     372     521 
 Exceptional     - Past service cost re pensioner 
  items           GMP equalisation                       -   1,535   1,452 
  - Pension buy-out costs 
   paid by the scheme                                  102     786   1,320 
 -------------------------------------------------  ------  ------  ------ 
 Total recognised in the income statement              501   2,843   3,604 
--------------------------------------------------  ------  ------  ------ 
 

  The principal assumptions applied by the actuaries at 1 July 2017 were: 

 
                                                  Half    Half    Full 
                                                  year    year    year 
                                                  2017    2016    2016 
---------------------------------------------   ------  ------  ------ 
 Rate of increase 
  in pensions in 
  payment             - Pensioners               3.20%   2.42%   3.20% 
                      - Deferred pensioners      3.20%   2.82%   3.20% 
 Rate of increase in deferred 
  pensions                                       2.10%   2.10%   2.10% 
 Discount 
  rate               - Pensioners                2.63%   2.28%   2.68% 
  - Deferred members                             2.63%   2.97%   2.68% 
 Inflation 
  assumption         - RPI pensioners            3.30%   2.52%   3.30% 
  - RPI deferred members                         3.30%   2.92%   3.30% 
  - CPI deferred members                         2.20%   1.82%   2.20% 
 -------------------------  ------------------  ------  ------  ------ 
 
 

  The mortality assumptions adopted at 1 July 2017 imply the following life expectancies at age 65: 

 
                             Half    Half    Full 
                             year    year    year 
                             2017    2016    2016 
 Male currently aged 40      23.3    24.4    23.6 
                              yrs     yrs     yrs 
 Female currently aged 40    25.3    26.5    25.8 
                              yrs     yrs     yrs 
 Male currently aged 65      21.9    22.2    21.9 
                              yrs     yrs     yrs 
 Female currently aged 65    23.7    24.2    23.9 
                              yrs     yrs     yrs 
-------------------------  ------  ------  ------ 
 

  Analysis of the movement in the balance sheet liability: 

 
                                                  Half       Half       Full 
                                                  year       year       year 
                                                  2017       2016       2016 
                                                 $'000      $'000      $'000 
--------------------------------------------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 At start of period                             19,290     23,114     23,114 
 Administration costs paid by the 
  scheme                                           145        150        311 
 Interest expense                                  254        372        521 
 Exceptional item - Buy-out costs 
  paid by scheme                                   102        786      1,320 
 Exceptional item - Past service cost 
  re GMP equalisation of pensioners                  -      1,535      1,452 
 Contributions by employer                     (1,663)   (15,429)   (17,353) 
 Re-measurement (gains)/losses on 
  post employment obligations                     (10)     20,124     16,261 
 Return on pension scheme assets (excluding 
  interest income)                                 334   (12,348)    (3,323) 
 Exchange loss/(gain)                            1,053    (1,928)    (3,013) 
--------------------------------------------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 At end of period                               19,505     16,376     19,290 
--------------------------------------------  --------  ---------  --------- 
 

  12 Analysis of net cash 

 
                                Half     Half     Full 
                                year     year     year 
                                2017     2016     2016 
                               $'000    $'000    $'000 
---------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 Cash at bank and in hand     33,263   20,001   19,196 
 Short-term deposits               -        -    2,487 
---------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 Cash and cash equivalents    33,263   20,001   21,683 
---------------------------  -------  -------  ------- 
 

  13 Cash generated from operations 

 
                                                Half      Half      Full 
                                                year      year      year 
                                                2017      2016      2016 
                                               $'000     $'000     $'000 
-------------------------------------------  -------  --------  -------- 
Operating profit                              15,988    11,509    34,696 
Adjustments for: 
Depreciation charge                            1,020       922     1,890 
Amortisation of intangibles                      236       250       499 
Profit on sale of property, plant 
 and equipment                                     -      (15)         - 
Exceptional non-cash items                       102     2,321     2,772 
Decrease in exceptional accrual/provisions         -         -       (4) 
Share option non-cash charges                    288       208       425 
Defined benefit scheme administration 
 costs - non-cash charge                         145       150       311 
Contributions to defined benefit pension 
 scheme                                      (1,663)  (15,429)  (17,354) 
Changes in working capital: 
(Increase)/decrease in inventories             (252)       812       280 
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other 
 receivables                                 (4,033)       785     2,313 
Increase in trade and other payables          15,019    11,801     3,667 
Cash generated from operations                26,850    13,314    29,495 
-------------------------------------------  -------  --------  -------- 
 

  14 Share capital 

  No shares were issued in the period. In April 2016 the Company issued 120,000 shares, with a nominal value of $65,000, to the 4imprint Employee Benefit Trust for a consideration of $65,000 to satisfy exercises of share options under the Performance Share Plan. 

  15 Capital commitments 

  The Group had capital commitments contracted but not provided for in these financial statements of $0.4m . 

  (2 July 2016: $0.5m; 31 December 2016: $nil). 

  16 Related party transactions 

  The Group did not participate in any related party transactions that require disclosure. 

  Statement of Directors' Responsibilities 

  The Directors confirm that, to the best of their knowledge, these condensed consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 as adopted by the European Union and that the interim management report includes a fair review of the information required by DTR 4.2.7 and 4.2.8, namely: 

  --      An indication of the important events that have occurred during the first half year and their impact on the condensed consolidated interim financial statements, and a description of the principal risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the financial year; and 

  --      Material related-party transactions in the first half year and any material changes in the related-party transactions described in the last annual report. 

  The Directors of 4imprint Group plc are as listed in the Group's Annual Report for 31 December 2016. A list of current Directors of 4imprint Group plc is maintained on the Group website: http://investors.4imprint.com. 

  By order of the Board 

 
 Paul Moody     David Seekings 
 Chairman       Chief Financial 
                 Officer 
 

  1 August 2017 

  This information is provided by RNS 

  The company news service from the London Stock Exchange 

  END 

  IR LLFERDTILVID 

  (END) Dow Jones Newswires

  August 01, 2017 02:00 ET (06:00 GMT)












1 Year 4imprint Chart



1 Month 4imprint Chart















 
 

 
Your Recent History
						


 


 







LSE






					GKP
				




				Gulf Keyst..
			








LSE






					QPP
				




				Quindell
			








FTSE






					UKX
				




				FTSE 100
			








LSE






					IOF
				




				Iofina
			








FX






					GBPUSD
				




				UK Sterlin..
			



 

Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
 

 





 By accessing the services available at ADVFN you are agreeing to be bound by ADVFN's
                Terms & Conditions



Share and Investment Glossary


Investment Warning


Copyright © 1999 - 2017


Cookie and Privacy Policy

.



 

ADVFN UK
Investors Hub
ADVFN Italy
ADVFN Australia
ADVFN Brazil




ADVFN Canada
ADVFN Germany
ADVFN Japan
ADVFN Mexico




ADVFN France
ADVFN US
Finance Manila


P:41 V:gb D:20170803 14:30:29

ADVFN Login   
Bad Login - try again








Username



Password



Forgotten password?  
					





support@advfn.com+44 (0) 207 0700 961

Don't have an account?  Register Now.

























4imprint Group plc SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of 4imprint Group plc



















































			Currency : $
		


$







contact
sitemap
















ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789

 








Categories



A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9













>
4>4imprint Group plc SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of 4imprint Group plc
			











4imprint Group plc SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of 4imprint Group plc

This SWOT Analysis of 4imprint Group plc provides a full SWOT analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile shows a comprehensive view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats.
More details












Reference: 
SWT10000307



Quantity:




				This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product.
			


Availability:







Warning: Last items in stock!



























Share on Facebook


	Remove this product from my favorites


	Add this product to my favorites
 Print












Data sheet









4imprint Group plc SWOT Analysis OverviewCategories: company report, strategic management, swot analysis, strategic analysisTag: company history, business description, detailed financial ratios, corporate strategyDescription: The company may gain diversification potential. Diversification reduces the overall risk. The company faces a growth potential.This SWOT Analysis of 4imprint Group plc provides a strategic report of businesses and operations of the company. The SWOT analysis shows strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. This SWOT analysis of 4imprint Group plc can provide a competitive advantage.This analysis contains 818 data points.Last update: July 2017.SWOT - Strengths-domestic market-barriers of market entry-skilled workforce-high growth rate SWOT - Weaknesses-brand portfolio-future profitability SWOT - Opportunities-new acquisitions SWOT - Threats-external business risks-technological problems-cash flow Business TrendsProfitabilityOutlookMarketThe industry shows a growth rate of about 7%.Industry specific SWOT analysis (Relevance/Importance)What happens in the underlying industry? Factors and trends affecting the overall industry and their implications for this business:Strengths-This is a global industry. (13%, 15%)-Access to comparable industries is possible. (27%, 58%)-The market size is adequate. (22%, 58%) Weaknesses-We see high investments in research and development. (33%, 50%) Opportunities-New technologies are available at reasonable costs. (37%, 12%)-The industry shows a positive trend. (42%, 16%)-The industry faces a recovery. (19%, 28%)-Global markets are available. (39%, 52%) Threats-The bargaining power of suppliers is high. (18%, 32%)-Increasing costs might be possible. (45%, 37%)-The industry shows a growing competition. (38%, 27%) A SWOT Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the history of the company, corporate strategy, business and financial structure, management and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis on products and services, key competitors, as well as detailed financial information.Data on this page may have come in part, or entirely, from one or more data providers. Please contact us for further information. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions on this page. This website is for information purposes only. This is a sample report.Comparable companies and industriesSee a list of comparable companies or industries depending on the similarity of SWOT elements. We use weighted SWOT factors and a clustering technique to identify similar objects.Portserco JSC SWOT AnalysisBank Audi Syria SWOT AnalysisGroupe Diffusion Plus SWOT AnalysisSika Interplant Systems Ltd SWOT AnalysisPepperBall Technologies, Inc. SWOT Analysis







Top 5 SWOT Analysis Search AppleMicrosoftFacebookChina MobileYahoo Compliance Compliance is necessary to make sure that any business or action conducted by a company is within legal parameters. The compliance unit develops, initiates, maintains, and revises policies and procedures for the general operation of the compliance program and its related activities to prevent illegal, unethical, or improper conduct. Financial and strategic SWOT analysis A financial and strategic SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, financial data, business structure, business divisions and key operations. Each report contains a detailed SWOT analysis with additional information on the key competitors, market structure, major products, brands and services, as well as detailed financial data for the last 5 years. Due Diligence Due diligence is the process of systematically researching and verifying the accuracy of a financial statement, business or investment. SWOT Analysis – Advantages and Limitations Over the past decade, SWOT analysis has been extended beyond companies to products, organizations, countries and industries. Each professional business plan contains a SWOT analysis. What are the benefits and limitations? Advantages  You can use a SWOT analysis to summarize a complex situation. It is easy to understand and has little or no cost. Quantitative and qualitative information from different sources can be combined. Focus on the key internal and external factors affecting the organization. It is easy to perform and understand. It can be used fast.    Limitations  There is no weight or prioritization of factors. A SWOT analysis contains of a list of factors without further descriptions or links between factors. The analysis does not provide any solutions. It is only a description. 







 Free information
 Worldwide Coverage
 Free Listings
 Free Access
 Easy and Secure





Categories




A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9









Information

Specials New products
Top sellers Contact us
Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions of use
About us
Sitemap





My account


My orders
My credit slips
My addresses
My personal info


				My favorite products
	


Sign out




Follow us

Facebook Twitter 





This site uses cookies so that we can improve your experience on our sites. You can read about cookie privacy policy by clicking on this link: Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2017 Weiner Consulting. All Rights Reserved. The content of this website is for informational purposes only.
Advisor4u | 
Advisor4u Jobmarket |
Advisor4u Companies |
Advisorgate Industries |
Businessplaninternational | 
Businessplaninternational Digital 
Businessplaninternational SWOT |
Businessplaninternational Datacenter |
Businessplaninternational Freelance | 
Businessplaninternational Marketplace | 
Businessplangate 
Businessplangate Companies |
Livingplace4u College |
Livingplace4u Jobs | 
Propertyplace4u |
Productplace4u |
Advisorgate |
Advisorgate Reports 
Advisorgate BPlans |
Advisorgate Financials |
Advisorgate Competition |
SWOTAnalysis24 |
SWOTData |
Advisorgate SWOT










4imprint Promotional Products | Promo Items, Giveaways with Your Logo























Skip to Content

USA


search






advancedsearch




Call us toll free
1-877-446-7746


Loading call wait time...






  





Shop by Category

Shop by Category
Close this Menu


Apparel

All Categories
All Apparel

T-Shirts

Back
All T-Shirts
Promotional Tees
Athletic T Shirts
Fashion T Shirts
Tank Tops



Dress Shirts

Back
All Dress Shirts
Easy-Care Dress Shirts
Oxford Dress Shirts
Poplin Dress Shirts
Short Sleeve Dress Shirts
Twill Dress Shirts



Uniforms

Back
All Uniforms
Polos & Shirts for Uniforms
Food Service Uniforms
Hospitality Uniforms
Housekeeping Uniforms
Lab & Medical Uniforms
Security Uniforms



Polo Shirts

Back
All Polo Shirts
Cotton Polo Shirts
Golf & Sport Polo Shirts
Performance Polo Shirts
Pique Polo Shirts
Poly-Cotton Polo Shirts



Outerwear

Back
All Outerwear
Fleece Jackets & Vests
Insulated Outerwear
Lightweight Outerwear
Soft Shell Outerwear
Vests



Other Apparel

Back
All Other Apparel
Aprons
Bandanas
Pants & Shorts
Scarves



Sweatshirts

Back
All Sweatshirts
Crewneck Sweatshirts
Full Zip Sweatshirts
Hoodies



Headwear

Back
All Headwear
Baseball Hats
Beanies
Visors



Women's Apparel

Back
All Women's Apparel
Women's Dress Shirts
Women's Outerwear
Women's Polo Shirts
Women's T-Shirts


Sweaters & Cardigans
Athletic Apparel

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush in Apparel
Hot Products in Apparel
New Products in Apparel
Sale Products in Apparel



Embroidered Apparel

Back
Embroidered Polo Shirts
Embroidered Outerwear
Embroidered Dress Shirts
Embroidered Headwear
Embroidered Sweatshirts



Shop by Brand

Back
Hanes Branded Apparel
Nike Branded Apparel
Under Armour Branded Apparel
Eddie Bauer Branded Apparel
Columbia Branded Apparel
Cutter & BuckBranded Apparel
Gildan Branded Apparel
Jerzees Branded Apparel
Champion Branded Apparel
Shop All Brands



Popular Products in Apparel




Crossland Fleece Jacket - Men's
On sale from $15.95





















Silk Touch Performance Sport Polo - Men's
On sale from $9.50





















Hanes Tagless T-Shirt - Screen - Colors
On sale from $4.35





















Blue Generation Peached Fine Line Twill Shirt – Ladies’
On sale from $14.95




















 

Auto, Home & Tools

All Categories
All Auto, Home & Tools

Auto Accessories

Back
All Auto Accessories
Ice Scrapers
Organizers
Safety Kits



Keychains

Back
All Keychains
Carabiners
Shaped Keychains
Bottle Openers



Living

Back
All Living
Coasters
Ornaments
Wine Accessories


Food & Lunch Containers
Pet Supplies
Flashlights

Kitchenware

Back
All Kitchenware
Chip Clips
Jar Openers



Tape Measures

Back
All Tape Measures
Pocket Size Tape Masures


Key Lights

Lawn & Garden

Back
All Lawn & Garden
Seeds & Grow-kits



Tools

Back
All Tools
Knives
Screwdrivers
Multi-tools & Kits



Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush in Auto, Home & Tools
Hot Products in Auto, Home & Tools
New Products in Auto, Home & Tools
Sale Products in Auto, Home & Tools



Popular Products in Auto, Home & Tools




Single Port USB Car Charger
99¢ to $1.79





















Salad Shaker Set
$1.95 to $3.65





















Keep-it Clip - 4" - Opaque
On sale from 47¢





















Rectangular Key Light - Translucent
69¢ to $1.19




















 

Bags

All Categories
All Bags

Totes

Back
All Totes
Shopping & Grocery
Trade Show Totes
Cotton Totes



Laptop & Tablet Bags

Back
All Laptop & Tablet Bags
Laptop Backpacks
Briefs & Messengers
Tech Cases & Pouches



Travel

Back
All Travel
Luggage Tags
Luggage & Travel Bags
Toiletry Bags



Coolers

Back
All Coolers
Lunch Bags & Sets
Outdoor & Event Coolers



Business Bags

Back
All Business Bags
Briefcase Bags
Messenger Bags



Plastic Bags

Back
All Plastic Bags
Biodegradable Bags
Full Color Bags


Drawstring Sportpacks
Backpacks
Paper Bags
Duffels & Gym Bags
Wallets
Gift Bags

Embroidered Bags

All Embroidered Bags
Backpacks
Business Bags
Duffels
Totes



Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush
Hot Products
New Products
Sale Products



Shop by Brand

All Bags
KOOZIE®
High Sierra
Coleman
Wenger
Cutter & Buck
Carhartt
Slazenger
Igloo
Case Logic
Nike
Shop All Brands



Popular Products in Bags




Wave Slingpack - Screen
$3.89 to $6.59





















Metro Shopper Tote
$1.35 to $2.45





















Championship Duffel
$5.25 to $8.99





















Square Non-Woven Lunch Bag
$1.69 to $2.99




















 

Drinkware

All Categories
All Drinkware

Water Bottles

Back
All Water Bottles
Recyclable Water Bottles
Metal Water Bottles
Tritan Water Bottles
Glass Water Bottles



Travel Mugs & Tumblers

Back
All Travel Mugs & Tumblers
Plastic Travel Mugs & Tumblers
Stainless Travel Mugs & Tumblers



Beverage Holders

Back
All Beverage Holders
Can Coolers
Bottle Coolers



Plastic Cups

Back
All Plastic Cups
Acrylic Cups w/Straws
Stadium Cups


Vacuum Insulated

Glassware

Back
All Glassware
Wine Glasses
Pint Glasses


Disposable Cups
Ceramic Mugs

Pub Glasses & Cups

Back
All Pub Glasses & Cups
Shot Glasses


Coasters

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush Products in Drinkware
Hot Products in Drinkware
New Products in Drinkware
Sale Products in Drinkware



Shop by Brand

Back
KOOZIE® Branded Products in Drinkware
Camelbak Branded Products in Drinkware
Contigo Branded Products in Drinkware
Blender Bottle Branded Products in Drinkware
Thermos Branded Products in Drinkware
Bubba Branded Products in Drinkware
Cool Gear Branded Products in Drinkware
Coleman Branded Products in Drinkware
Cutter & Buck Branded Products in Drinkware
Shop All Brands



Popular Products in Drinkware




Glacier Stainless Vacuum Travel Tumbler - 30 oz.
On sale from $9.99





















Full Color Pocket Coolie
95¢ to $1.59





















Mega Vortex Tumbler - 16 oz.
$3.35 to $5.45





















Mood Stadium Cup - 12 oz.
On sale from 37¢




















 

Food & Candy

All Categories
All Food & Candy
Candy
Individually Wrapped
Bags
Chocolate
Cookies
Candy Jars
Gum
Mints
Tins
Nuts & Pretzels
Gift Boxes & Baskets
Packaged with Gift
Popcorn
Water & Beverages
BBQ Gifts
Mixed Assortment
Cheese & Meats
Wine Gifts

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush in Food & Candy
Hot Products in Food & Candy
New Products in Food & Candy
Sale Products in Food & Candy



Shop by Brand

Back
Hershey's Branded Food & Candy
Jelly Belly Branded Food & Candy
Life Savers Branded Food & Candy
M&M's Branded Food & Candy
Mike & Ike Branded Food & Candy
Skittles Branded Food & Candy
Swedish Fish Branded Food & Candy
Shop All Brands



Popular Products in Food & Candy




Flip Top Dispenser with Sugar-Free Mints
47¢ to 99¢





















7 Way Assortment Tin - Small
$17.75 to $28.49





















Business Card Chocolate Treat - Thank You
$1.79 to $3.15





















Personalized Candy - 1/2 oz. - Chewy Sprees
59¢ to 99¢




















 

Office & Awards

All Categories
All Office & Awards

Magnets

Back
All Magnets
Business Card Magnets
Magnet Clips
Magnet Shapes
Car & Auto Magnets



Stickers & Decals

Back
All Stickers & Decals
Bumper Stickers & Auto
Stickers & Decals By the Roll
Permanent Stickers & Decals
Removable Stickers & Decals



Awards & Recognition

Back
All Awards & Recognition
Crystal Awards
Certificate Holders
Plaques
Paperweights
Lapel Pins



Desk Accessories

Back
All Desk Accessories
Clips & Memo Holders
Letter Openers
Calculators



Stress Relievers

Back
All Stress Relievers
Sport Shapes


Business Card Holders
Picture Frames
Rulers
Clocks
Books & Bookmarks
Watches

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush Products in Stickers & Decals
Hot Products in Stickers & Decals
New Products in Stickers & Decals
Sale Products in Stickers & Decals



Popular Products in Office & Awards




Landscaped Starfire Glass Paperweight - Full Color
$26.75 to $34.95





















Letter Opener - Opaque
On sale from 37¢





















Smiley Face Mood Stress Ball
$1.43 to $2.35





















Aluminum Card Case
$1.89 to $3.59




















 

Outdoor & Leisure

All Categories
All Outdoor & Leisure

Umbrellas

Back
All Umbrellas
Folding Umbrellas
Auto Open Umbrellas
Golf Umbrellas



Team Spirit

Back
All Team Spirit
Tattoos
Cheer & Noisemakers
Stadium Cushions



Golf

Back
All Golf
Golf Balls
Golf Tees
Golf Towels



Towels

Back
All Towels
Beach Towels
Sport & Fitness Towels



Blankets

Back
All Blankets
Embroidered Blankets


Chairs
Sunglasses
Sports
BBQ & Picnic
Hand Fans

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush Products in Outdoor & Leisure
Hot Products in Outdoor & Leisure
New Products in Outdoor & Leisure
Sale Productsin Outdoor & Leisure



Popular Products in Outdoor & Leisure




Risky Business Sunglasses - Opaque
$1.35 to $2.35





















ShedRain Super Mini 42" Umbrella
$4.59 to $8.35





















Roll-Up Blanket – Navy/White Plaid with Navy Flap
$9.75 to $15.50





















Microfiber Golf Towel
99¢ to $1.69




















 

Stationery

All Categories
All Stationery

Padfolios

Back
All Padfolios
Junior Padfolios
Standard Padfolios
Zippered Closure Padfolios
Leather Padfolios
Holds iPad or Tablet



Cubes, Pads & Flags

Back
All Cubes, Pads & Flags
Post-it® Notes
Bic® Sticky Notes
Notepads
Pad & Flag Sets



Calendars

Back
All Calendars
Wall Calendars
Peel n Stick Calendars
Desk Calendars
Calendar Magnets
Academic Calendars



Notebooks & Journals

Back
All Notebooks & Journals
Perfect Bound Notebooks & Journals
Spiral Bound Notebooks & Journals
Jotters


Marketing Materials

Planners & Diaries

Back
All Planners & Diaries
2017 Planners
Pocket Calendars


Presentation Folders
Packaging
Greeting Cards
Document Holders
Binders
Clipboards

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush Products in Stationery
Hot Products in Stationery
New Products in Stationery
Sale Products in Stationery



Shop by Brand

Back
Moleskine Branded Products in Stationery
Cutter & Buck Branded Products in Stationery
Wenger Branded Products in Stationery
Cross Branded Products in Stationery
Shop All Brands



Popular Products in Stationery




Bic Sticky Note 3" x 3" - 25 Sheet
On sale from 24¢





















Basic Memo Book - Full Color
29¢ to 77¢





















Neoskin Journal - 6" x 4"
$3.49 to $5.99





















Pedova Jr. Zippered Padfolio
$7.75 to $12.49




















 

Technology

All Categories
All Technology
Power Banks
USB Flash Drives
Stylus Pens & Tools

Tech Accessories

Back
All Tech Accessories
Car & Wall Chargers
USB Charging Cables
Screen Cleaners
USB Hubs



Tech Friendly Bags

Back
All Tech Friendly Bags
Laptop Backpacks
Business Bags
TSA-Friendly Bags
Laptop & Tablet Sleeves



Music & Audio

Back
All Music & Audio
Ear Buds
Headphones
Portable Speakers
Bluetooth & Wireless



Cell Phone Accessories

Back
All Cell Phone Accessories
Phone Cases
Adhesive Phone Wallets
Phone Stands & Holders



Tech Cases & Organizers

Back
All Tech Cases & Organizers
Cord Wraps
Cord Cases
Small Device Pouches


Mouse Pads

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush Products in Technology
Hot Products in Technology
New Products in Technology
Sale Products in Technology



Popular Products in Technology




Energize Portable Power Bank
$4.99 to $8.99





















Swing USB Drive - 2GB - 3 Day
$4.25 to $7.35





















3 in 1 Noodle Charging Cable
$1.75 to $3.15





















Spectra Ear Buds and Phone Stand
$1.45 to $2.49




















 

Toys & Novelties

All Categories
All Toys & Novelties

Childrens Toys

Back
All Childrens Toys
Banks
Paper Masks & Hats
Stuffed Animals



Novelty & Sport Balls

Back
All Novelty & Sport Balls
Beach Balls
Footballs



Coloring & Art

Back
All Coloring & Art
Activity Pads
Coloring Books
Crayons & Colored Pencils


Balloons
Flyers

Executive Toys

Back
All Executive Toys<
Fidget Spinners & Toys


Noisemakers
Tattoos
Light Up Novelties

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush Products in Toys & Novelties
Hot Products in Toys & Novelties
New Products in Toys & Novelties
Sale Products in Toys & Novelties



Popular Products in Toys & Novelties




Value Playing Cards with Case
99¢ to $1.89





















Big Paw Bear - Brown
$4.35 to $7.35





















Lil' Piggy Bank - Translucent
99¢ to $1.95





















Light-Up Yo-Yo
86¢ to $1.33




















 

Trade Show & Signage

All Categories
All Trade Show & Signage

Table Covers & Throws

Back
All Table Covers & Throws
4' Table Length Table Covers & Throws
6' Table Length Table Covers & Throws
8' Table Length Table Covers & Throws
Convertible Table Covers & Throws
Table Runners



Banners, Flags & Signs

Back
All Banners, Flags & Signs
Retractable Banners
Indoor Banners & Signs
Outdoor Banners & Signs



Lanyards & Badges

Back
All Lanyards & Badges
Lanyards
Retractable Badge Holders
Neck Wallets
Name Tags & Badges



Lanyard & ID Holder Accessories

Back
All Lanyard & ID Holder Accessories
Ribbons
Vinyl Badge/ID Holders
Lanyard Cards



Display Accessories

Back
All Display Accessories
Carry Cases for Display Accessories
Replacement Graphics Displays
Tables & Chairs



Food Service Supplies

Back
All Food Service Supplies
Napkins
Drinkware
Cup Sleeves


Table Top Displays
Trade Show Games
Floor Displays
Display Kits
Tents
Literature Displays
Giveaways

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush Products in Trade Show & Signage
Hot Products in Trade Show & Signage
New Products in Trade Show & Signage
Sale Products in Trade Show & Signage



Popular Products in Trade Show & Signage




Value Indoor Banner - 3' x 4'
$24.00 to $73.00





















Briefcase Tabletop Display with Curved Header - 18" x 48"-FC
$399.00 to $495.00





















Economy Lanyard - 1/2" - Metal Bulldog Clip
84¢ to $2.20





















Prize Wheel with Soft Carry Case
$425.00 to $549.00




















 

Wellness & Safety

All Categories
All Wellness & Safety

Personal Care

Back
All Personal Care
Mirrors
Emery Boards & Manicure



First Aid

Back
All First Aid
Bandages
First Aid Kits
Hot/Cold Packs



Safety

Back
All Safety
Reflective Stickers & Lights



Healthcare

Back
All Healthcare
Pill Boxes


Hand Sanitizers
Fitness
Pedometers
Lip Balm
Sunscreen
Educational Guides
Awareness Bracelets
Buttons

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush Products in Wellness & Safety
Hot Products in Wellness & Safety
New Products in Wellness & Safety
Sale Products in Wellness & Safety



Popular Products in Wellness & Safety




Bandage Dispenser - Opaque - Natural
45¢ to 79¢





















Silk Touch Performance Sport Polo - Men's
On sale from $9.50





















Emery Board - Zebra
16¢ to 25¢





















Round Reflector Light
89¢ to $1.64




















 

Writing

All Categories
All Writing

Pens

Back
All Pens
Value Pens
Gel Ink Pens
Novelty Pens



Pencils

Back
All Pencils
Standard Pencils
Mechanical Pencils
Novelty Pencils
Golf Pencils



Multi Function Writing

Back
All Multi Function Writing
Highlighter Pen Combos
Multi-Ink Pens



Writing Sets

Back
All Writing Sets
Pen & Pencil Sets


Executive Writing
Stylus Pens
Highlighters
Markers

Quick Links

Back
24 Hour Rush Products in Writing
Hot Products in Writing
New Products in Writing
Sale Productsin Writing



Shop by Brand

Back
Bic Branded Products in Writing
Paper Mate Branded Products in Writing
Sharpie Branded Products in Writing
Uni-Ball Branded Products in Writing
Shop All Brands



Popular Products in Writing




Wolverine Pen
29¢ to 65¢





















Bic Brite Liner Grip
59¢ to 99¢





















MopTopper Stylus Pen
99¢ to $1.69





















Sharpie Mini Canister - Assorted Fashion Colors
$117.00 to $165.00




















 

See More

All Categories

4imprint Shops

Back to 4imprint Shops
4imprint Budget Savers4imprint FavoritesBasics - Marketing Staples That Work!Business GiftsChurch and Religious PromotionsColor Collection - Choose Items by ColorCommunity and Family ActivitiesGifts By PriceHome Ideas - Items Used Around the HouseHuman ResourcesItems By IndustryJust For FunLadies' and FashionPromotional Products for EducationPromotional Products for GovernmentPromotional Products for HealthcarePublic SafetyShapes - Apple, Star, Heart...Sports
See All Shops



4imprint Quick Links

Back to Quick Links
Hot Products
Sale Products
New Products
Price Drops
24hr Service
Exclusive Designs
USA Made
Product Reviews
Video Gallery



More Ways to Shop

Back to More Ways to Shop
Brands
Capacity
Eco Friendly
Helpful Links
Imprint Method
Material
Recycling Code
Size
Style
See All Categories


 






24 Hour Rush


Exclusive Items


Hot Products


New Products


On Sale


Go to our Outlet Site










Promotional Products by 4imprint





Andywith 4imprint10 years








No Worries,I've got this
Tight deadline? Looking for the perfect product? No problem! We're here to make it happen - and it's on-time or FREE.
Be Worry-Free








Erinwith 4imprint12 years








Want to be sure?Samples are the cure.
We're all about 'try before you buy'. Free samples make finding the perfect product perfectly simple!
Learn About Samples








Libbywith 4imprint7 years








Making you look good.That's my thing.
Need art modifcations, tweaks, adjustments – or even art from scratch? Our art pros have your back – for free!
Your Art Team








Sarawith 4imprint15 years








Magical MerchandiseI find it and bring it to you.
Your brand on the right product makes the magic happen. We've got that 'perfect product' you're looking for - including your favorite brand names.
Our Merchandising Magic








Staceywith 4imprint6 years








We know it's not just a productif it's got your logo on it.
You want to look good and you want your company to look good. We get that - and we've got a guarantee to back it up!
Why Buy From Us







Featured Promotional Product Categories








Shop All Promotional Business Apparel Products
Outfit your team with custom imprinted apparel!

Shop Apparel














Shop All Promotional Drinkware Products for Your Business
Save on custom personalized drinkware!

Shop Drinkware














Shop All Promotional Bags for Your Marketing Campaign
Bundle up your promotions with personalized bags!

Shop Bags














Shop All Giveaways Under $1 each
Giveaways under $1 to fit any promotional budget!

Shop Under $1














Shop All Promotional Trade Show & Signage Products for Your Event
Demand attention with logo'd trade show traffic-stoppers!

Shop Trade Show














Shop All Giveaway Items on Sale
Special prices, deals & steals on top promotional giveaways!

Shop Sale














Shop All Personalized Stationery Items
Customize your own folders, notepads, Post-it® Notes & more!

Shop Stationery














Shop All Imprinted Technology Products
Stay modern with logo'd computer accessories & electronics!

Shop Technology














Weekly Deal!Save up to 31%





Vacuum Insulated Bottle




As low as $5.99!

Shop the Vacuum Insulated Bottle Now 




















Cool Gear® To Go Box
outlet price as low as $5.95
make an offer


Shop the Outlet Store now!







deal
of
the
day







Comfort Grip Sport Bottle - 27 oz.with your logo$189.00


Grab today's deal before it's gone!









Heidi, with4imprint18 years
Josh, with4imprint11 years




Embroidery Made Easy
The price you see is the price you pay!

No upcharge for extended sizes.
Order as few as 6 pieces.
$35 tape charge; FREE on orders of 24 pieces or more on polos, dress shirts & jackets!
No stitch counts - if your logo fits in the described embroidered area, there are no additional fees. Period.


Shop Embroidery Now 




Tanya, with4imprint11 years




ValueBuy

Hurry, quantities are limited!



Stretch your budget even further with incredible savings on our Collette Pen. Available in six eye-catching colors.


Shop The Collette Pen Now 




Cat, with 4imprint4 years




reFresh Brand

A drinkware brand only from 4imprint!
Bright colors, smart styling and great value! Perfect for everything from promoting wellness to getting your brand out there at summer events. Choose from six different styles, three different sizes and over 40 different color combinations. 

Shop reFresh Now 







Mary, with4imprint3 years



Mary Recommends


I do a lot of bike riding, and I log my minutes for our wellness program at 4imprint. This bottle makes a great companion!
Shop the O2COOL ArcticSqueeze Insulated Sport Bottle Now





Marcia, with4imprint4 years



Marcia Recommends


These are great for summer cookouts. Even I can cook and look like a pro!
Shop the Frosted Silicone Oven Mitt Now






#SwaggingRights Customer photos
Real life examples of how our products can help your promotional needs shine.
























































10 Popular Search Terms


Search for fidget
15 products




Search for fidget spinner
7 products




Search for keychain
906 products




Search for koozie
142 products




Search for lanyards
1252 products




Search for luggage tags
220 products




Search for magnet
729 products




Search for power bank
105 products




Search for sunglasses
236 products




Search for tumbler
1010 products





4imprint Information and Contact Links


Connect with Us











Need Help?
Call 1-877-446-7746


 Live Chat




 Email





Be in the Know
Sign up to be notified about the latest trends, products, and news.

Please enter a valid email address
Email address



Sign Up for 4imprint News


Thank you for signing up!


























