


Aimia (company) - Wikipedia





















 






Aimia (company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about loyalty program company. For Australian Interactive Media Industry Association, see Australian Interactive Media Industry Association.





This article contains content that is written like an advertisement. Please help improve it by removing promotional content and inappropriate external links, and by adding encyclopedic content written from a neutral point of view. (September 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Aimia Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
TSX: AIM


Industry
Management


Predecessor
Groupe Aeroplan Inc.


Founded
2011


Headquarters
Aimia Tower, Montreal, Quebec, Canada



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Robert E. Brown (Chairman), David Johnston (Group Chief Executive) [1]


Products
Data-driven marketing and loyalty analytics


Website
aimia.com


Aimia, formerly Groupe Aeroplan,[2] is a data-driven marketing and loyalty analytics company based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. Aimia manages various loyalty programs including Aeroplan in Canada, Nectar (Italy and the UK) and provides loyalty strategy, program development and management services to clients underpinned by product and technology platforms such as the Aimia Loyalty Platform and Smart Button, and through their analytics and insights business, including Intelligent Shopper Solutions. Aimia Inc. also owns stakes in loyalty programs, such as Club Premier in Mexico, Air Miles Middle East and Think Big, a partnership with Air Asia and Tune Group. It is publicly listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.[3]



Contents


1 History
2 Business Structure
3 General Development of the Business
4 References
5 External links



History[edit]
Aimia was incorporated on May 5, 2008 and is the successor to Aeroplan Income Fund following the completion of the reorganization of Aeroplan Income Fund from an income trust structure to a corporate structure.
On October 5, 2011, the Corporation started to conduct business under the new brand name Aimia, and on May 4, 2012, the Corporation changed its name to Aimia Inc. The registered and head office of Aimia is located at Tour Aimia, 525 Viger Avenue West, Suite 1000, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, H2Z 0B2.[4]
Business Structure[edit]
Starting in January 2016 Aimia will move away from a geographical structure and towards a line of business structure. The three lines of business include Global Loyalty Solutions, headed by Shailesh Baidwan, Americas Coalitions, headed by Vince Timpano, and International Coalitions, headed by Jan-Pieter Lips.
Prior to January 2016[5] Aimia Inc. operated in three regional business segments: Canada, the United States and Asia-Pacific ("US & APAC") and Europe, Middle-East and Africa ("EMEA").





This article appears to contain a large number of buzzwords. There might be a discussion about this on the talk page. Please help improve this article if you can. (September 2015)


In Canada, Aimia owns and operates the Aeroplan Program, Canada's premier[further explanation needed] coalition loyalty program. In EMEA, Aimia owns and operates Nectar, the United Kingdom's largest coalition loyalty program, Nectar Italia, and Air Miles Middle East, the leading coalition loyalty program in the UAE, Qatar and Bahrain, through a 60% ownership interest. Aimia's EMEA segment also provides data driven analytics and insights services in the UK and internationally to retailers and their suppliers, through ISS and its 50% participation in i2c, a joint venture with Sainsbury's. Aimia also develops analytical tools to provide services to clients globally to collect, analyze and derive actionable insight from their customer data which is used to improve marketing return-on-investment. In each of the regions, Aimia provides proprietary loyalty services, including loyalty program strategy, design, launch and operation.
Aimia also holds a 48.9% interest in, and jointly controls with Grupo Aeromexico, PLM, owner and operator of Club Premier, a Mexican coalition loyalty program. Additionally, Aimia holds investments in Travel Club, Spain's leading coalition loyalty program, Think Big, the owner and operator of BIG, AirAsia and Tune Group's loyalty program, and China Rewards, a Chinese-based retail coalition loyalty program start-up, as well as minority interests in Cardlytics, a US-based private company operating in card-linked marketing for electronic banking, and Fractal Analytics, a provider of advanced analytics.[4]
General Development of the Business[edit]
2005: Aeroplan completes its IPO as an income trust.
2007: LMG acquisition includes Nectar and LMG’s Insight and Communication (I&C) business. Air Miles Middle East is also acquired.
2008: Aeroplan becomes Groupe Aeroplan.
2009: Carlson Marketing is acquired.[6]
2010: Groupe Aeroplan launches Nectar Italia and invests in Club Premier.
September 2011: Acquisition of minority equity position in Cardlytics.
October 2011: Groupe Aeroplan becomes Aimia
September 2012: Aimia and Sainsbury's announced the formation of Insights 2 Communication LLP ("i2c"), a joint venture which offers suppliers comprehensive multi-channel marketing solutions in and around Sainsbury's stores and online.
September 2012: Aimia acquires EIM – Excellence in Motivation.
November 2012: Aimia and Points International Ltd., owner and operator of the loyalty platform Points.com, announced that they had entered into a binding agreement to make a minority investment in China Rewards, a Shanghai-based retail coalition loyalty program start-up.
2013: Aimia acquires Smart Button and 100% in Nectar Italia. Aimia also invests in ChinaRewards and launches Axis Bank.
September 2013: Aimia entered into ten-year financial credit card agreements with each of TD and CIBC, effective from January 1, 2014.
February 2014: Aimia, AirAsia and Think Big Digital Form Partnership to Grow the AirAsia BIG Loyalty Program
April 2014: Aimia acquired a 25% stake in Travel Club, Spain's leading coalition loyalty program, becoming a joint owner of Travel Club alongside Iberia, Repsol and Eroski.
August 2014: Aimia formed a strategic long-term partnership with Fractal Analytics, a provider of advanced analytics.
December 2014: Aimia acquired Zed Inc. Ltd., a provider of SaaS behavioural segmentation solutions and consulting services focused on customer-centric store management, ecommerce, buying and merchandising, and product category management.[4]
May 2017: Air Canada announced it plans to launch a new loyalty program to replace Aeroplan as its loyalty program in 2020.[7]
References[edit]



^ "Aimia Names David Johnston Group Chief Executive", AIMIA website
^ October 5, 2011, "Groupe Aeroplan Adopts New Name and Global Brand Identity", Newswire Canada
^ "Investor FAQ", AIMIA website
^ a b c "AIMIA Annual Information Form for the Financial Year Ended December 31, 2014" (PDF). aimia.com. March 20, 2015. 
^ "Aimia reports second quarter 2015 results". 
^ Carlson Marketing Sold to Groupe Aeroplan for $175 Million
^ "Galleries Aimia shares crash after Air Canada parts ways with Aeroplan loyalty program". 11 May 2017. Retrieved 12 May 2017. 



External links[edit]

Aimia page on Toronto Stock Exchange website
Aimia website







v
t
e


Morningstar National Bank Québec companies of Canada (June 26, 2017)






Metro Inc.
SNC-Lavalin
Dollarama
National Bank of Canada
Saputo Inc.
BCE Inc.
Canadian National
CGI Group
Alimentation Couche-Tard
Power Corporation of Canada
Power Financial Corporation
Gildan
Valeant Pharmaceuticals
CAE Inc.
Industrial Alliance
WSP Global
Bombardier
Quebecor
Cominar
TransForce
Semafo
Air Canada
Amaya Inc.
Stella-Jones Inc.
Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd
ProMetic Life Sciences Inc.
Jean Coutu Group
Laurentian Bank of Canada
Cogeco Communications
Richelieu Hardware
Innergex Renewable Energy
Aimia
Uni Select
Transcontinenal
Dorel Industries
Boralex
Valener Inc.
Richmont Mines Inc
BRP
Lassonde Industries
Knight Therapeutics
MTY Food Group
Yellow Pages Limited
Cascades
Héroux-Devtek
CANAM Group
Cogeco Inc.
Fiera Capital
GDI Integrated Facility
TSO3
Logistec Corporation
Reitmans
Theratechnologies Inc.
Transat A.T.
Savaria Corporation
Tembec
Nemaska Lithium Inc.
5N Plus Inc.
Stingray Digital










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Aimia_(company)&oldid=793705562"					
Categories: Morningstar National Bank Québec IndexAimia (company)Companies listed on the Toronto Stock ExchangeHidden categories: Articles with a promotional tone from September 2015All articles with a promotional toneWikipedia articles containing buzzwords from September 2015Wikipedia articles needing clarification from May 2017 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 August 2017, at 12:27.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Aimia (company)









Home
Tourism


Aimia (company)Description : Aimia, formerly Groupe Aeroplan, is a data-driven marketing and loyalty analytics company based in Montreal, Canada, has close to 4,000 employees in 20 countries, and is publicly listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, which manages various loyalty programs including Aeroplan in Canada, Nectar (Italy and the UK) and provides loyalty strategy, program development and management services to clients underpinned by product and technology platforms such as the Aimia Loyalty Platform and Smart Button... Page:a﻿﻿ This article is about loyalty program company. For Australian Interactive Media Industry Association, see Australian Interactive Media Industry Association.Aimia Inc.TypePublicTraded asTSX: AIMIndustryManagementPredecessorGroupe Aeroplan Inc.Founded2011HeadquartersAimia Tower, Montreal, Quebec, CanadaArea servedWorldwideKey peopleRobert E. Brown (Chairman), Rupert Duschesne (Group Chief Executive)ProductsData-driven marketing and loyalty analyticsWebsiteaimia.comOverviewAimia, formerly Groupe Aeroplan, is a data-driven marketing and loyalty analytics company based in Montreal, Canada, has close to 4,000 employees in 20 countries, and is publicly listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange, which manages various loyalty programs including Aeroplan in Canada, Nectar (Italy and the UK) and provides loyalty strategy, program development and management services to clients underpinned by product and technology platforms such as the Aimia Loyalty Platform and Smart Button, and through their analytics and insights business, including Intelligent Shopper Solutions. Aimia Inc. also owns stakes in loyalty programs, such as Club Premier in Mexico, Air Miles Middle East and Think Big, a partnership with Air Asia and Tune Group.HistoryAimia was incorporated on May 5, 2008 and is the successor to Aeroplan Income Fund following the completion of the reorganization of Aeroplan Income Fund from an income trust structure to a corporate structure.On October 5, 2011, the Corporation started to conduct business under the new brand name Aimia, and on May 4, 2012, the Corporation changed its name to Aimia Inc. The registered and head office of Aimia is located at Tour Aimia, 525 Viger Avenue West, Suite 1000, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, H2Z 0B2.Business StructureStarting in January 2016 Aimia will move away from a geographical structure and towards a line of business structure. The three lines of business include Global Loyalty Solutions, headed by Shailesh Baidwan, Americas Coalitions, headed by Vince Timpano, and International Coalitions, headed by Jan-Pieter Lips.Prior to Janyuary 2016 Aimia Inc. operated in three regional business segments: Canada, the United States and Asia-Pacific ("US & APAC") and Europe, Middle-East and Africa ("EMEA").In Canada, Aimia owns and operates the Aeroplan Program, Canada's premier coalition loyalty program. In EMEA, Aimia owns and operates Nectar, the United Kingdom's largest coalition loyalty program, Nectar Italia, and Air Miles Middle East, the leading coalition loyalty program in the UAE, Qatar and Bahrain, through a 60% ownership interest. Aimia's EMEA segment also provides data driven analytics and insights services in the UK and internationally to retailers and their suppliers, through ISS and its 50% participation in i2c, a joint venture with Sainsbury's. Aimia also develops analytical tools to provide services to clients globally to collect, analyze and derive actionable insight from their customer data which is used to improve marketing return-on-investment. In each of the regions, Aimia provides proprietary loyalty services, including loyalty program strategy, design, launch and operation.Aimia also holds a 48.9% interest in, and jointly controls with Grupo Aeromexico, PLM, owner and operator of Club Premier, a Mexican coalition loyalty program. Additionally, Aimia holds investments in Travel Club, Spain's leading coalition loyalty program, Think Big, the owner and operator of BIG, AirAsia and Tune Group's loyalty program, and China Rewards, a Chinese based retail coalition loyalty program start-up, as well as minority interests in Cardlytics, a US-based private company operating in card-linked marketing for electronic banking, and Fractal Analytics, a provider of advanced analytics.General Development of the Business2005: Aeroplan completes its IPO as an income trust.2007: LMG acquisition includes Nectar and LMG’s Insight and Communication (I&C) business. Air Miles Middle East is also acquired.2008: Aeroplan becomes Groupe Aeroplan.2009: Carlson Marketing is acquired.2010: Groupe Aeroplan launches Nectar Italia and invests in Club Premier.September 2011: Acquisition of minority equity position in Cardlytics.October 2011: Groupe Aeroplan becomes AimiaSeptember 2012: Aimia and Sainsbury's announced the formation of Insights 2 Communication LLP ("i2c"), a joint venture which offers suppliers comprehensive multi-channel marketing solutions in and around Sainsbury's stores and online.September 2012: Aimia acquires EIM – Excellence in Motivation.November 2012: Aimia and Points International Ltd., owner and operator of the loyalty platform Points.com, announced that they had entered into a binding agreement to make a minority investment in China Rewards, a Shanghai-based retail coalition loyalty program start-up.2013: Aimia acquires Smart Button and 100% in Nectar Italia. Aimia also invests in ChinaRewards and launches Axis Bank.September 2013: Aimia entered into ten-year financial credit card agreements with each of TD and CIBC, effective from January 1, 2014.February 2014: Aimia, AirAsia and Think Big Digital Form Partnership to Grow the AirAsia BIG Loyalty ProgramApril 2014: Aimia acquired a 25% stake in Travel Club, Spain's leading coalition loyalty program, becoming a joint owner of Travel Club alongside Iberia, Repsol and Eroski.August 2014: Aimia formed a strategic long-term partnership with Fractal Analytics, a provider of advanced analytics.December 2014: Aimia acquired Zed Inc. Ltd., a provider of SaaS behavioural segmentation solutions and consulting services focused on customer-centric store management, ecommerce, buying and merchandising, and product category management. CEORupert Duchesne has been an executive officer of Aimia since 2000  – currently Group Chief Executive. Under his leadership, the company grew from a single loyalty program in a single market to a truly global enterprise with operations in over 20 countries. Prior to his leadership role at Aimia, Mr. Duchesne spent twelve years in strategy and investment consulting around the world before joining Air Canada in 1996, where he held the positions of Vice President Marketing, Senior Vice President International and ultimately Chief Integration Officer, overseeing the integration of Air Canada with Canadian Airlines. Mr. Duchesne holds a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Manchester and a Bachelor Honours degree in Pharmacology from the University of Leeds. He is a Director of Dorel Industries and Mattamy Homes, and Chair of the Board of the Brain Canada Foundation. A passionate supporter of the arts, Mr. Duchesne is Vice President of the Art Gallery of Ontario’s Board of Trustees, a member of the boards of the Luminato Festival in Toronto, the Royal Conservatory of Music, the International Festival of Authors, and the Greenwood College School.


Rowing at the 1900 Summer Olympics – Men's eight

Roger Steare

Humboldt, Nebraska

2011 Colorado Ice season

Autoharp

Aimia (company)

Armageddon Holocaust

Rochester, Syracuse and Eastern Rapid Railroad

HMS Carron (1813)

Italian general election, 2006 (Lombardy)

Drama (film)



Copyright 2008-2017 www.21pw.com










Aimia, Inc. | Company Spotlight Profile











Warning! This site has features that require JavaScript.












watch








        Aimia, Inc.
        
      

Sector: 


            Business Services Not Elsewhere Classified
          
Region: 

Canada


 
  : 

|
Toronto Stock Exchange: AIM.PRC
    |
Toronto Stock Exchange: AIM.PRA
    |
Toronto Stock Exchange: AIM

  

|
OTC Markets: GAPFF
  




Listed in: 
Consumer Goods and Services


        Similar to:
Hyrican Informationssysteme AG, 
        Systar SA





 No Documents Available

 View Contact Details




×
We're Sorry! We do not have an investor kit available for this company.
          Tell us you want one!





 News & Analysis
















 Featured Company


Diodes, Inc.
Dallas, TX, US
Diodes, Inc. manufactures and sells semiconductor devices. The company is engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of semiconductor products to...







 You may also be interested in:





Systar SA



Saint-Cloud, IF, FR
Systar SA engages in the development and marketing of business activity monitoring for large businesses, administrations, and banks. Its product...




Hyrican Informationssysteme AG



Kindelbrück, TH, DE
Hyrican Informationssysteme AG engages in the provision of information and communications technology services. Its activities include the distribution and sale...




Newalta Corp.



Calgary, AB, CA
Newalta Corp. is engaged in the recovery, recycling and processing of saleable products from waste materials. The company provides waste...










×
Contact Investor Relations



Aimia, Inc.
Investor Relations
         Aimia Tower525 avenue Viger  Ouestbureau 1000
         Montréal , QC H2Z 0B2
         Canada
Phone:1.514.897.6800

SIC Code:
7389



Close




×
Request Investor Kit









Select your country:


Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, St. Eust., Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brit. Indian Ocean Terr.
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo (Dem. Rep. of the)
Congo (Rep. of)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Terr.
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
La Reunion
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marianas
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre & Miquelon
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Marten
Slovakia
Slovenia
So Georgia & So Sand Isl
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Vincent & Grenadines
St. Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Isl.
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe





E-mail:


required field!



First Name:


required field!



Last Name:


required field!




Street 1:


required field!



Street 2:





City:


required field!



State/Province:


-
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


required field!



Postal Code:


required field!






 I consent to receiving periodic email communications from Aimia, Inc.. 
            

 I'd like to receive more information from PrecisionIR.
            






Watch

Watch this company to be notified of upcoming earnings calls and new content with a weekly digest sent to your email.
            
 Watch content
            




Go!
Cancel






Company Spotlight is available free to investors through the financial support of participating companies. In return for receiving this free information, your contact data are made available to the companies whose reports you have ordered, and to other parties as described in our privacy policy, which you can read in its entirety here. In addition, you agree to be contacted by these companies from time to time. You may select at any time to opt out of these communications by using the unsubscribe link in your email(s) or by sending an email to nacustomerservice@precisionir.com.



×
 Enter your email address to watch this company.




E-mail (required):


required field!



First Name:





Last Name:












    Signup 




×
  Enter your email address and notification preferences.




A reminder has been added for this event.



    Add to Calendar
  


Add to Google Calendar


Add to Live Calendar


Add to Yahoo! Calendar


Add to iCalender


Add to Outlook Calendar







Or





Send me a reminder




Weeks

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52



Days

0
1
2
3
4
5
6



Hours

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23



Minutes

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59





before the event.

Please enter a valid email to watch!

First Name

Last Name








    Signup 


















    About | Aimia


















































About



Aimia Inc. is a data-driven marketing and loyalty analytics company. We provide our clients with the customer insights they need to make smarter business decisions and build relevant, rewarding and long-term one-to-one relationships, evolving the value exchange to the mutual benefit of both our clients and consumers.






Contact Us



















                  
             






Vision & Values











                  
             






Executives











                  
             






Board of Directors











                  
             






History











                  
             






Governance











                  
             






Our Businesses











































    Home | Aimia






























































2016 Aimia Loyalty Lens
How brands can use customer insight to inspire true loyalty.












Insights
Build a rich understanding of your customers’ lives with each interaction












Loyalty
Click with our customers



















Retail Brief: Seizing the Moments in Customer Loyalty











Brilliant two-way conversations with your customers










        	In the News	
			
				








	                    	07.14.17
                    	

	                    	Aimia Clinches Gold & Bronze at Marketing Magazine's Loyalty & Engagement Awards for Asia Pacific
                    	





	                    	07.10.17
                    	

	                    	Media Advisory - Aimia to report 2017 second quarter results
                    	





	                    	06.14.17
                    	

	                    	Aimia Announces Director Resignations and Reduction in Size of Board
                    	
















 


Loyalty capabilities





















Consumers


 










Loyalty




Insights




Communications






 
 
 











             
        


Consumers





Loyalty
Insights
Communications





 









 


Capabilities














 


Industry specific loyalty expertise



















Airlines








Airlines





Airline frequent flyer programs face many challenges. Whether it's designing effective partner portfolios, expanding rewards beyond the travel sector, managing reward access and unit cost, optimizing program breakage, engaging non-frequent flyers, airlines continue to look for ways to increase the reach and effectiveness of their programs.

That’s where Aimia can help. Our roots in the airline industry run deep — all the way back to 1984, when we began life as Aeroplan, the frequent flyer program of Air Canada. In 2002, Aeroplan became the world’s first successful spin-off frequent flyer program. Today Aimia has evolved from that airline core into a global leader in loyalty management.
                    
See more










CPG/FMCG








CPG/FMCG



At Aimia we have the expertise to develop a long-term relationship with your consumers. Competition is coming from new and unexpected places with the rise of private label brands. Aimia’s CPG Loyalty Solution connects you directly with the consumers who purchase your products and keeps them engaged with your brand.
                    
See more










Financial Services








Financial Services



For more than 20 years, Aimia has worked with the most recognized global financial institutions to design, launch and manage financial card programs. Our team created and operates Aeroplan, Canada's premier coalition program with more than 4.7 million active members.
                    
See more










Retail








Retail



Aimia has worked with several of the world’s leading retailers, including: Hallmark, True Value, Husky, CVS, Sainsbury’s, Coles, Auchan, Smart Button – Hot Topic, P.S. KOA Campgrounds, Rack Room Shoes, Aerosoles, Eastern Mountain Sports, Off Broadway Shoes, Kirkland’s and Things Remembered.

We are pioneers in designing and managing programs with a full suite of capabilities including our proprietary self-serve reporting tool and a data/channel monetization solution. Our experienced employees utilize data and tools to provide our partners with the strategies to execute and enhance successful retail loyalty programs.
                    
See more










Telecom








Telecom





For more than 20 years, Aimia has been a market leader in the business-to-business loyalty sector. We offer a full suite of employee, channel partner and business customer loyalty services including, sales incentives, reward & recognition programs, referral initiatives, communication and media strategies, meetings and events.

Aimia has worked with the most visible brands in the telecommunication industry including: Verizon, AT&T, Sprint, DIRECTV and CenturyLink. Our client initiatives reach more than 200,000 employees, partners and business customers worldwide each year in more than 105 countries

                    
See more










Travel Hospitality








Travel Hospitality



Since 1984, Aimia has been a global leader in the travel and hospitality rewards industry. Beginning with Aeroplan, Canada's premier coalition program, we have evolved into a global leader in loyalty management.

Today, we act as a strategic advisor, investor, and service provider to travel hospitality companies around the world including: Delta Air Lines, Etihad, Virgin Australia, Malaysia Airlines, Jet Blue, LAN, KLM, Kingfisher, Kuwait Airlines, China Southern, British Airways in the airline space, Carlson Hotels in the hotel space, Amtrak in the rail space and Avis Budget in the car rental space.
                    
See more









Industries






























