



Company - Arkados Group





























































































 










































ABOUT US
Connected, scalable solutions to increase efficiency and reduce cost.





Arkados Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is a global provider of scalable and interoperable Industrial Internet of Things (IoT) solutions that help customers increase efficiency and reduce cost.  Our cutting-edge solutions, focused on industrial automation and energy management, are comprised of our software and hardware platforms that are essentially the “building blocks” that enable the machine-to-machine communication necessary for various Smart Machines, Smart Manufacturing, Smart Building and Smart City applications.
Our approach is scalable, collaborative, and efficient. We use our software and hardware platforms to assist companies in making their machines more efficient.  By utilizing full-featured, industrial grade and standards compliant internet gateways, sensors and other peripherals along with robust cloud and data analysis capabilities, we are able to implement various types of smart solutions for machines, buildings and cities. Additionally, our services group works with customers to design and implement the most energy- and cost-efficient solutions in the areas of lighting, boiler and combined heat and power systems,  and industrial machinery.
We bring great value to our customer by taking a holistic approach to solving efficiency and cost issues and are able to deliver solutions that are easy to implement, manage and seamlessly integrate into virtually any existing system.
Arkados’ core strengths lie in our world-class expertise in software design and system integration, our experienced management team, our strong intellectual property portfolio, our flexible, scalable approach, our multi-national partnerships, our direct access to top-tier customers, as well as valuable channel and OEM partners, and unwavering commitment to collaboration and to doing more with less.





Our Mission: To improve lives, enhance productivity and reduce energy usage through advanced automation technology and sustainability services. 






CORPORATE HISTORY

 
Rich in home networking and broadband networking markets






Arkados has a rich history in home networking and broadband networking markets. Until 2011, the Company operated as a fabless semiconductor manufacturer that designed, developed, marketed, and sold technology and solutions enabling broadband communications over standard electricity lines (powerline communications or PLC).   Arkados developed a prototype of the first-ever 10Mbps powerline technology in 1999, delivered the first industry powerline communication testing tool in 2001 and was among the pioneers of powerline communications (PLC) and a founding member of the HomePlug Alliance, an leading industry-wide alliance for the development and adoption of standards for powerline communications.  In addition, Arkados has achieved several distinguishing awards, including having products being named “Best of the Best” at the International Computer Electronics Show in 2008 and 2009.
In December, 2010, Arkados made a strategic decision to sell its semiconductor intellectual property assets and technology licenses, which were licensed from STMicroelectronics in 2008, back to STMicroelectronics for cash and make the product design and software development segments of the business the primary focus.
Since the asset sale, Arkados has restructured its balance sheet, hired key personnel, secured strategic partners and positioned itself to as a leading product and software innovator focused on delivering solutions for IoT applications.









































Management Team - Arkados Group

























































































 










































Management Team





Terrence DeFranco - Chief Executive Officer




Terrence DeFranco is Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Arkados Group, Inc. Mr. DeFranco is also the Managing Member of OneSource Advisors, a corporate consulting firm focused on providing strategic advisory services to boards of directors of public companies and Chairman and founder of Edentify, Inc., an identity management software company.  Previously, Mr. DeFranco was Chairman and CEO of Titan International Partners, a merchant banking and research firm focused on providing corporate and strategic advisory services and equity and debt financing to small-cap and middle market companies.
His background is primarily in the area of corporate finance, management and capital raising, previously serving as head of investment banking for Baird, Patrick & Co., Inc., a 70-year old NYSE Member firm and head of investment banking and founding partner of Burlington Securities Corp., a New York based investment banking and institutional equity trading firm.
Mr. DeFranco began his career on Wall Street in 1991 with PaineWebber, Inc., now UBS PaineWebber. Mr. DeFranco has been an active principal investor, senior manager and advisor to many early-stage companies and has extensive experience in dealing with issues related to the management, operations and corporate development of startup and middle market public and private companies.  Mr. DeFranco is a graduate of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill with a BA in Economics and currently serves on other corporate and non-profit boards and committees.




Dmitry Grinberg - VP, Software Development




Dmitry Grinberg is VP, Software Development for Arkados Group, Inc.  From 1997 to the present, Mr. Grinberg has been owner of Dynamo Development, Inc., a custom software development company.  Since 2001, Dynamo has focused primarily on mid-size and start-up companies to develop technology solutions to help clients expand, provide a competitive edge and improve their efficiency.  From 1997 to 2001, Dynamo focused on integration, messaging, frameworks, reusable components and similar type of projects, including the development of its own shrink-wrapped product Dynamo MQ/X – the product was a transactional bridge between IBM MQ Series messaging product and Microsoft SQL Server to enable bi-directional transactional data flow.
After Mr. Grinberg graduated from Kiev State University with a BS in Math and Teaching, he started work as mainframe developer for state civic engineering research company.  He worked as C++ developer producing commercial product – ground-breaking 32bit 3-D CAD for HVAC industry running on MS DOS and successfully participated in Windows NT projects at Digital Equipment Corporation, Bankers Trust, McDonalds, Montgomery Ward, Deutsche Bank and Prudential.




Kuan-Ting (Tim) Lai - VP, Technology




Kuan-Ting (Tim) Lai currently serves as VP of Technology for Arkados, Inc.  Kuan-Ting is a computer vision researcher with product management experience in Taiwanese ODM companies. His research focuses on machine learning algorithms for large-scale video event detection and human action recognition. During 2012-2013, Kuan-Ting visited Columbia University in New York City and participated in several important projects. He co-developed a video event detection system with IBM T. J. Watson Research Center, and built a graph-based system for brain signal image search in a subproject of DARPA. He proposed several machine learning algorithms that can automatically learn key evidences that could be used to recognize video events. The research results have been published on top conferences such as CVPR and ECCV.
Before pursuing PhD degree, Kuan-Ting started his career in Quanta Computer as a video processing ASIC designer and participated in the development of a H.264 video encoding IC certified by Skype. He also led a team and implemented the hardware architecture of Haar-like face detection. Later he joined Chinatech as product manager and was in charge of managing OEM products’ life cycle as well as seeking new international business in United States and China. He has developed an advanced Automatic Test Equipment (ATE) for Battery Management System (BMS) of Apple’s iPhone 5. The new architecture of ATE software doubles the original test capacity.




Dr. Eric Petajan 




Dr. Eric Petajan has been an R&D leader and inventor in computer vision, graphics/animation, and video compression for decades. Eric is currently a Director at DirecTV since the recent acquisition of LiveClips where he was Chief Scientist and VP of Technology. Prior to joining LiveClips Eric was the CTO for VectorMAX Corporation and an external consultant for ab initio software. Eric joined VectorMAX via the acquisition of face2face animation, where he was Chief Scientist and Founder. Prior to founding face2face in 2000 as a Lucent Technologies venture, Eric was a Bell Labs researcher and supervisor from 1984-2000. His developments in the areas of facial motion capture, high-definition video coding, and interactive graphics systems are widely recognized. Eric was the chairman of the MPEG-4 Face and Body Animation (FBA) group, and was a leader in the development of HDTV technology and standards that led to the formation of the U.S. HDTV Grand Alliance. Eric received a PhD in Electrical Engineering in 1984 and an MS in Physics from the University of Illinois, where he created the first automatic lip-reading system




 


































 Arkados Group, Inc. Reports Fiscal First Quarter 2017 Results - Padtronics                                WHAT IS ECHO?HOW TOTIPS&TRICKSREVIEWSMOREAppsAmazon UpdatesEditor’s PicksFeature AnnouncementsHow To’sRecommendedCompatible ServicesSkillsUser TipsPRODUCTSPhillips HueIFTTTIHeartRadioPandora  Search    Padtronics WHAT IS ECHO?HOW TOTIPS&TRICKSREVIEWSMOREAppsAmazon UpdatesEditor’s PicksFeature AnnouncementsHow To’sRecommendedCompatible ServicesSkillsUser TipsPRODUCTSPhillips HueIFTTTIHeartRadioPandora   Home  LatestArkados Group, Inc. Reports Fiscal First Quarter 2017 ResultsRevenues up nearly 400% Year-Over-Year, Reflect Rising Demand for Energy Conservation Services and Industrial Internet of Things SolutionsNEWARK, N.J., Nov. 02, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Arkados Group, Inc. (OTCQB:AKDS), a global provider of scalable and interoperable Internet of Things (IoT) solutions focused on industrial automation and energy management, today announced and commented on the Company’s consolidated financial and operational results for the fiscal first quarter 2017 ending on August 31, 2016.Financial and Operational Highlights for the Three Months Ended August 31, 2016:Revenues increased to $424,487, up $106,836 or 397% year-over-year, due to an increase in demand for our energy conservation services business;Net loss decreased year-over-year from ($528,761) to ($286,974), as a result of lower operating expenses and an increase in revenue; and,Launched our boiler conversion services to reduce energy costs and help local property owners comply with NY local law 43. Our initial customer is a local university for a two-site Oil-to-Natural Gas boiler conversion.“We are very pleased with our first quarter results. Our financial performance continues to improve with extraordinary year-over-year revenue growth and an expansion of our services, products and customer base.  In Fiscal Year 2017 we expect to continue to expand our services business with additional, value-add offerings, and introduce new, cutting-edge technology products, both with the goal of reducing cost and improving productivity for our commercial and industrial customers. The forthcoming products will run on our recently released Arktic software platform and leverage the unique scalability and interoperability that commercial applications demand. We look forward to a very successful year and to further establishing Arkados as a leading provider of Industrial Internet of Things solutions for smart building, smart city and smart machine applications.”The Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August 31, 2016 is on file with Securities and Exchange Commission. To access the report visit http://ir.arkadosgroup.com/.The Industrial Internet of Things is an explosive opportunity according to research firm Markets and Markets, which projects the IIoT market size to reach $151 billion by 2020 and just the smart building segment to reach $24 billion.   In a November 2015 press release, Gartner estimates that the Internet of Things will support total professional services (defined as external providers that design, install and operate IoT systems for businesses under contract) spending of $235 billion in 2016, up 22% from 2015, and that connectivity services (through communications service providers) and consumer services will grow at an even faster pace. Another more recent Gartner report estimates IoT deployment in commercial buildings is on track to reach just over 1 billion in 2018.Verizon’s The Internet of Things 2015 report revealed that among organizations having integrated IoT into their operations, 82% reported increased efficiency; 49% saw enhancements in product quality; and 45% claimed IoT technology has increased customer satisfaction.About Arkados Group, Inc.Arkados Group, Inc. through its subsidiaries is a global provider of scalable and interoperable Internet of Things (IoT) solutions focused on industrial automation and energy management. The Company’s solutions are uniquely designed to drive a wide variety of wireless and powerline communication (PLC)-based products, such as sensors, gateways, video cameras, appliances and other devices. By utilizing the Company’s solutions, Arkados’ customers can bring numerous sophisticated, full-featured products to market faster at a lower overall development cost.  Arkados® is a registered trademark of Arkados Group, Inc. For more information about Arkados, please visit us at http://www.arkadosgroup.com, and follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google+.Forward-Looking StatementsThis news release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical facts.  These statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including, but not limited to, insufficient working capital, product and service demand and acceptance, changes in technology, economic conditions, the impact of competition and pricing, government regulations, and other risks contained in reports filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All such forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement and any other cautionary statements which may accompany the forward-looking statements. In addition, the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof.
Investor Contact:

Investor Relations
investors@arkadosgroup.com
Source: Arkados Group, Inc.Fire TV Stick Echo Dot Echo Fire TV Echo Show Fire TV Gaming RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR LatestAlexa vs Siri vs Bixby Rap Battle! LatestNew Line of Defense – Home Earthquake Sensor Raspberry 4D LatestApple demos HomeKit in stores LatestAmazon Echo Ring Color – Delivery Notifications LatestGoogle Home Features – New Functionality Detailed LatestSamsung Vega Standalone Voice Assistant – Bixby vs Alexa, Home, CortanaMOST POPULAR  Amazon Fire TV and Alexa team-up!   How to use Alexa on Fire TV   How to get an Amazon Echo Dot without Alexa   How to use multiple accounts on one Amazon Echo.   Amazon to launch Echo, Alexa in Netherlands - sources   Using iHeartRadio with Amazon Echo   Forget the App, Control Amazon Echo in Your Web Browser   Amazon Echo Dot and Tap: Cheaper Alternatives to Echo FREE AMAZON PRIME – 30 DAY TRIAL30-Day Free Trial   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTEREnter your email address to subscribe to Padtronics and receive notifications of new posts by email.  Email Address         ABOUT USPadtronics offers in-depth analysis, product reviews, and personal recommendations to help you build your connected home.   Any reviews or recommendations on this site are made without bias or influence from any advertiser or partner.   Contact us: info@padtronics.comFOLLOW US                    Community GuidelinesEthics PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseContact © Copyright 2017 - Padtronics            Edit with Live CSS     

Arkados Group Inc. (via Public) / Arkados Group, Inc. Reports Strong Fiscal 2016 Results



























                        Hello .
                    


 Taiwan 







News


International News


Education


Environment


Healthcare


Technology


Internet




Science


Social and Non-Profit


Local News




Politicsand Policy


Government


Politics


Local Government


International Policy




Businessand Economy


Economy


Finance


Stock Markets




Jobs and Labor


Company News


Industry News


Aerospace


Agriculture


Chemicals


Commodities


Construction


Consumer Electronics


Defense


Energy


Nuclear Energy


Oil and Gas


Renewable Energy




Financial Services


Banking


Insurance




Fishing and Aquaculture


Manufacturing


Information Technology


Metals and Mining


Pharmaceuticals and Biotechnology


Real Estate


Professional and Business Services


Legal




Telecommunications


Tobacco


Retail


Transportation


Air Transportation


Maritime Transportation


Rail Transportation


Road Transportation




Utilities


Forestry and Wood Industry






Artsand Culture


Art


Books and Literature


Entertainment


Cinema


Media


Radio and Television




Music






Lifestyleand Leisure


Automotive


Home and Garden


Fashion and Luxury


Clothing and Textile




Food


Travel and Hospitality


Boating and Yachting




Sports


Baseball


Basketball


Boxing


Cricket


Cycling


Football (American)


Football (Australian)


Football (Soccer)


Golf


Hockey


Racing


Rugby


Sailing


Skiing and Winter Sports


Tennis


Volleyball











noodls browser compatibility check

The security settings of your browser are blocking the execution of scripts.
To use noodls, javascript support must be enabled. Please change your browser's security settings to enable javascript.
If you have changed your browser's security settings, you can click here.






related announcements
Local News


Escambia County, FL
County Employees Complete CPM Program


New York State Office of General[...]
OGS to Award New Construction Contracts


New York State Office of General[...]
OGS Announces Upcoming Construction Opportunities


More
Business and Economy


State of Florida Department of[...]
DEO Activates Virtual Business Emergency Operations Center to Survey[...]


NeuroMetrix Inc.
NeuroMetrix Announces DPNCheck Distribution Agreement with Fukuda[...]


Board of Governors of the Federal[...]
Federal Reserve to offer seven-day term deposits on August 10


More











search






















Arkados Group Inc.



04/10/2016 | Press release | Distributed by Public on 04/10/2016 19:51
Arkados Group, Inc. Reports Strong Fiscal 2016 Results








        NEWARK, N.J., Oct. 04, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Arkados Group, Inc. (OTCQB:AKDS), a global provider of scalable and interoperable Internet of Things (IoT) solutions focused on industrial automation and energy management, today comments on the Company's consolidated financial and operational results for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016.


        Financial Highlights for the Year Ended May 31, 2016:
      


          Revenues increased to $1.87 million, up $1.39 million or 286% from $484,262 reported in fiscal 2015, due to growth in both its technology and service customer segments;
        

          Software segment revenues came in at $730,249, up 81% over the last fiscal year due to growing volumes in our smart factory and smart building products;
        

          Energy Conservation Services segment contributed $1.14 million to revenues, up $1.06 million from $80,410 in fiscal 2015, demonstrating a strong ramp-up in this business segment since inception; and
        

          Shareholder equity increased by approximately $1.7 million this year over fiscal 2015 and by approximately $7.7 million since new management took over in 2013.
        


        'We are extremely pleased with our achievements made in fiscal 2016,' said Terrence DeFranco, Arkados' Chief Executive Officer.  'This year marks a turning point for the company as we have experienced growth across all sectors of our business.' 
      

        'We have successfully grown our business from zero sales in 2014, to where we are today,' adds DeFranco. 'Our goal is to continue to grow revenues by focusing efforts on bringing value to our customers through innovation and cost savings.  In turn, our shareholders benefit from the attractive margins associated with our products and services.' 
      

        'FY2017 will be an exciting year in our evolution as we introduce new products, acquire new customers, scale our operations and ultimately drive more value to our shareholders,' concludes DeFranco.  'As a solutions provider on the forefront of the Industrial Internet of Things revolution, opportunities abound and our team is poised to execute our business strategy and make Arkados a significant player in this exploding market.'
      

        For more information on Arkados' financial and operational performance for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 and to view the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, click here.  
      

About Arkados Group, Inc.


        Arkados Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is a global provider of scalable and interoperable IoT solutions focused on industrial automation and energy management. Our business focuses on software development and system integration, and developing unique, cutting-edge solutions on our Arktic software platform that enable machine to machine communications with specific applications for energy efficiency, predictive maintenance and other solutions that reduce costs and improve returns on investment for our customers.
      

        Arkados® is a registered trademark of Arkados Group, Inc. For more information about Arkados, please visit us at http://www.arkadosgroup.com, and follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google+.


Forward-Looking Statements


This news release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical facts.  These statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including, but not limited to, insufficient working capital, product and service demand and acceptance, changes in technology, economic conditions, the impact of competition and pricing, government regulations, and other risks contained in reports filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All such forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement and any other cautionary statements which may accompany the forward-looking statements. In addition, the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof.


Investor Contact:

Investor Relations

[email protected]


        Arkados Group, Inc.
      













Sharing and Personal Tools

Please select the service you want to use:

Newsvine
Digg
Delicious
StumbleUpon
Technorati
Buzz
Favorites
Google Reader





Public link

Please use the above public link if you want to share this noodl on another website.


Close





Smartlinks
| Arkados Group Inc.
| Local News
| Top Business and Economy News
| Company News
| Top Company News
| Business Announcements
| Products and Services
| Manufacturing
| Information Technology
| Software
| Telecommunication Equipment
| Telecommunication System Manufacturers
| OTC Bulletin Board (OTCBB)




 Back


 View original format











Copyright ©2006-2017 Public Technologies Inc.  | 
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Contact












































Arkados Group, Inc. Reports Strong Fiscal 2016 Results - OTCMarkets.com





















OTC Markets


 





Home




Marketplaces















Market Activity



Current Market


Closing Summary


Broker Dealer Data


Corporate Actions


Short Sale Data


Reg SHO Data





News



Company News & Financials


Press Releases


Videos & Presentations


RSS Feeds


OTC Markets Events


OTC Markets Newsletter


OTC Markets Press Center





Services



Companies


Investors


Market Data


OTC Link® ATS





Research



Stock Screener


OTCQX Company List


Company Directory


Service Provider Directory


OTCQX Sponsors


Research Marketplace


Broker Dealer Directory


Prohibited Attorney List


Symbology


Glossary





Learn



Our Marketplaces


Market 101


Investor Protection


Reporting Requirements


American Depositary Receipts (ADRs)


How to Get Traded


Caveat Emptor Policy


FINRA & SEC Rules


Whitepapers


FAQs






 

 
 
 








Company Directory

|

Stock Screener







OTC Market Totals

-
Securities

-
Dollar Volume

-
Share Volume

-
Trades






 





Quote
Charts
Company Profile
News
Financials
Filings and Disclosure
Short Sales
Insider Disclosure
Research Reports
Videos and Presentations














AKDS


Arkados Group, Inc.














 


                
                    Common Stock
                
                
            

                    SEC Reporting - Current
                




				 Pink Current Information 
				
			









































 

OTC Disclosure & News Service








 

Arkados Group, Inc. Reports Strong Fiscal 2016 Results
Oct 04, 2016
OTC Disclosure & News Service

                            
                                - 
NEWARK, N.J., Oct.  04, 2016  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Arkados Group, Inc. (OTCQB:AKDS), a global provider of scalable and interoperable Internet of Things (IoT) solutions focused on industrial automation and energy management, today comments on the Company’s consolidated financial and operational results for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016.
Financial Highlights for the Year Ended May 31, 2016: Revenues increased to $1.87 million, up $1.39 million or 286% from $484,262 reported in fiscal 2015, due to growth in both its technology and service customer segments;Software segment revenues came in at $730,249, up 81% over the last fiscal year due to growing volumes in our smart factory and smart building products;Energy Conservation Services segment contributed $1.14 million to revenues, up $1.06 million from $80,410 in fiscal 2015, demonstrating a strong ramp-up in this business segment since inception; andShareholder equity increased by approximately $1.7 million this year over fiscal 2015 and by approximately $7.7 million since new management took over in 2013. “We are extremely pleased with our achievements made in fiscal 2016,” said Terrence DeFranco, Arkados’ Chief Executive Officer.  “This year marks a turning point for the company as we have experienced growth across all sectors of our business.”  “We have successfully grown our business from zero sales in 2014, to where we are today,” adds DeFranco. “Our goal is to continue to grow revenues by focusing efforts on bringing value to our customers through innovation and cost savings.  In turn, our shareholders benefit from the attractive margins associated with our products and services.”  “FY2017 will be an exciting year in our evolution as we introduce new products, acquire new customers, scale our operations and ultimately drive more value to our shareholders,” concludes DeFranco.  “As a solutions provider on the forefront of the Industrial Internet of Things revolution, opportunities abound and our team is poised to execute our business strategy and make Arkados a significant player in this exploding market.” For more information on Arkados’ financial and operational performance for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2016 and to view the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, click here.   About Arkados Group, Inc. Arkados Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is a global provider of scalable and interoperable IoT solutions focused on industrial automation and energy management. Our business focuses on software development and system integration, and developing unique, cutting-edge solutions on our Arktic software platform that enable machine to machine communications with specific applications for energy efficiency, predictive maintenance and other solutions that reduce costs and improve returns on investment for our customers. Arkados® is a registered trademark of Arkados Group, Inc. For more information about Arkados, please visit us at http://www.arkadosgroup.com, and follow us on Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google+. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events or performance, and underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical facts.  These statements are subject to uncertainties and risks including, but not limited to, insufficient working capital, product and service demand and acceptance, changes in technology, economic conditions, the impact of competition and pricing, government regulations, and other risks contained in reports filed by the company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All such forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, and whether made by or on behalf of the company, are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement and any other cautionary statements which may accompany the forward-looking statements. In addition, the company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof.
Investor Contact:

Investor Relations

investors@arkadosgroup.com


Copyright © 2016 GlobeNewswire. All Rights Reserved
The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases.












 



 






















































 



 Arkados Group Launches Arkados Energy Solutions LLC 
         










    










 






 











 









Arkados Group Launches Arkados Energy Solutions LLC

		  New subsidiary will deliver innovative, sustainable, cost-saving energy solutions to both residential and commercial customers
		

Jun 05, 2014, 10:31 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Arkados Group, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


NEWARK, N.J., June 5, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- Arkados Group, Inc. (OTCQB: AKDS) ("Arkados" or the "Company"), a leading software and hardware design company focused on developing solutions that enable machine to machine communications for the Internet of Things ("IoT"), today announced the formation of a wholly-owned subsidiary, Arkados Energy Solutions LLC ("AES"). 
Leveraging our cutting edge technology and products as well as our knowledge and connections in the power industry, AES will position itself as a global energy services provider with focus on the design, installation and maintenance of innovative, sustainable, and cost-effective energy solutions for both residential and commercial customers. Our intention is that AES will implement smart grid applications primarily in the areas of LED lighting, building automation, and energy management. These applications are uniquely designed to drive a wide variety of wireless and powerline communication (PLC)-based products, such as sensors, gateways, video cameras, appliances and other devices.
Terrence DeFranco, Chief Executive Officer of Arkados Group, Inc., commented, "Following the recent successful launch of our proprietary LinqUSP and Project and Event Management software platforms and their implementation into the Gateway One and UDK-21 gateway solutions, jointly developed by Tatung and STMicroelectronics, the launch of AES marks another milestone for Arkados as we continue to pursue our vision of being a global leader in machine to machine communications for building automation and energy management. With the proprietary software platforms that allow for the command and control of cloud-based systems, unique technology and products developed by our partners and the vast opportunities in the energy management and clean tech industries, we are very excited about the opportunities that this new venture can generate and expect it to contribute meaningfully to our financials in coming quarters."   
About Arkados Group, Inc.
Arkados Group, Inc. ("Arkados" or the "Company") is a leading software and hardware design company focused on developing solutions that enable machine to machine communications for the Internet of Things (IoT). Our solutions support smart grid and smart home applications primarily in the areas of home and building automation and energy management. The Company's solutions are uniquely designed to drive a wide variety of wireless and powerline communication (PLC)-based products, such as sensors, gateways, video cameras, appliances and other devices. By utilizing the Company's solutions, Arkados' customers can bring numerous sophisticated, full-featured products to market faster at a lower overall development cost.  Arkados® is a registered trademark of Arkados Group, Inc. For more information about Arkados, please visit: http://www.arkadosgroup.com
Investor Contact:
EraStar, Inc. 
Las Vegas World Headquarters
702.480.9800
 SOURCE  Arkados Group, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.arkadosgroup.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Jun 11, 2014, 14:30 ET
Preview: Arkados Group to Participate in SmartAmerica Challenge













May 15, 2014, 12:02 ET
Preview: Arkados Announces Launch of Smart Factory Solution for Internet of Things






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 




Eric D. Petajan - Professional at ARKADOS GROUP, INC.
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Eric D. Petajan
Professional at ARKADOS GROUP, INC.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Investments 


Eric D. Petajan
Professional at ARKADOS GROUP, INC.



 Overview



Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 862 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




John Dorocki

Senior Vice President at VectorMAX Corp.




James Romano

Professional at VectorMAX Corp.





Kuan-Ting Lai

Vice President, Technology at ARKADOS GROUP, INC.




Dmitry Grinberg

Vice President, Software Development at ARKADOS GROUP, INC.





Kenneth R. Vennera

Former General Counsel at ARKADOS GROUP, INC.




George Caravias

Former Chief Executive Officer at Face2face Animation, Inc.





Thomas W. Pragias

President at VectorMAX Corp.




Paul Lepore

Vice President-Product Development at VectorMAX Corp.





Terrence M. DeFranco

Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer & Chief Financial Officer at ARKADOS GROUP, INC.




Andreas Typaldos

Chief Executive Officer at Scalix Corp.







See 852 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 852 More 


 


 Paths to Eric D. Petajan



            Eric D. Petajan          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Eric D. Petajan






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Eric D. Petajan.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



Ph.D Electrical Engineering 


University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign

                  The University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign is a public research-intensive university in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is the flagship campus of the University of Illinois system. The University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign is the second oldest public university in the state (after Illinois State University), and is a founding member of the Big Ten Conference. It is considered a Public Ivy and is a member of the Association of American Universities.                




BS Physics 


The University of Utah

                  The University of Utah is a public coeducational space-grant research university in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. As the state's flagship university, the university offers more than 100 undergraduate majors and more than 92 graduate degree programs. Graduate studies include the S.J. Quinney College of Law and the School of Medicine.The university was established in 1850 as the University of Deseret by the General Assembly of the provisional State of Deseret, making it Utah's oldest institution of higher education.It received its current name in 1892, four years before Utah attained statehood, and moved to its current location in 1900.                





 Career History



Professional

                                    Current                


ARKADOS GROUP, INC.


                  Arkados Group, Inc. engages in the provision of scalable and interoperable Internet of Things solutions focused on industrial automation and energy management. It operates through the Arkados and AES segments. The Arkados segment develops proprietary, cloud-based device and system management software solutions, which refer to as the Arktic software platform, and delivers software services and support. The AES segment provides energy conservation services and solutions to commercial and buildings. The company was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Fairfield, NJ.                




Chief Technology Officer

                                    2005 - 2009                


VectorMAX Corp.


                  VectorMAX Corp. provides video solutions for the enterprise and the Web. It provides solutions to media and entertainment companies, broadcasters, educational institutions, and government organizations. Its applications are designed to operate on basic network infrastructures, standard computing equipment, and multiple operating platforms. The company is headquartered in Jersey City, NJ.                




Chief Scientific Officer

                                    2000 - Prior                


Face2face Animation, Inc.


                  Face2face Animation, Inc. provides three dimensional (3D) facial animation software solutions for television, electronic gaming, and the internet. It develops software for facial motion capture and analysis for a broad range of animation applications. The company was founded by Eric D. Petajan in 2000 and is headquartered in Summit, NJ.                




Researcher & Supervisor

                                    1984 - 2000                


Bell Labs


                  Bell Laboratories provides research and development services. It provides communications technologies including transistors, digital networking, signal processing, lasers and fiber-optic communications systems, communication satellites, cellular telephony, electronic switching of calls, touch-tone dialing and modems. The company was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Murray Hill, NJ.                




Chief Scientist & Vice President-Technology

                                    Prior                


LiveClips LLC


                  LiveClips LLC develops and delivers video content from live sporting events for any Internet enabled devices. Its advanced technology automates the previously time and labor intensive processes of creating game clips and highlights, enabling broadcasters and rights holders to dramatically increase the efficiency of its sports coverage. The company was founded by Gregg Dearth and Douglas Vunic in 2008 and is headquartered in Wilmington, DE.                





 Investments



 Details Hidden


Face2face Animation, Inc.

                  Face2face Animation, Inc. provides three dimensional (3D) facial animation software solutions for television, electronic gaming, and the internet. It develops software for facial motion capture and analysis for a broad range of animation applications. The company was founded by Eric D. Petajan in 2000 and is headquartered in Summit, NJ.                





 Other Affiliations




              Eric D. Petajan is affiliated with
                            ARKADOS GROUP, INC., VectorMAX Corp., Face2face Animation, Inc., Bell Labs, LiveClips LLC.
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













