


    ISG Plc (ISG) - Company Capsule
























Login -
  My basket -
  




EUR GBP 


























ISG Plc (ISG) - Company Capsule

December 2015
27 pages
Timetric
        

Report ID: 3509294



Summary
Table of contents
Search Inside


SynopsisTimetric's "ISG Plc (ISG) - Company Capsule" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, financial ratios, key competitors, financial analysis, recent developments, key employees as well as company locations and subsidiaries.SummaryThis report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "ISG Plc"The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Timetric strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.Scope - Identifies crucial company information about "ISG Plc" along with major products and services for business intelligence requirements. - Provides key ratios on company's financial performance. - Identifies key employees to assist with key business decisions. - Provides annual and interim financial ratios.Reasons To Buy - Enhance your understanding of "ISG Plc" - Increase business/sales activities by understanding customers’ businesses better. - Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers. - Qualify prospective partners, affiliates or suppliers. - Acquire up-to-date company information and an understanding of the company’s financial health.Key HighlightsISG plc (ISG) is a construction company which offers fit out, construction, engineering, and specialist solutions. The company's fit out solutions include change of use fit out, changes, existing space, in occupation, move management, new space, and shop fitting out solutions. Its construction solutions comprise design and build, project, new build, recladding, refurbishment, restoration, and retrofit solutions. ISG' engineering solutions include critical infrastructure engineering, special purpose facilities engineering, and technical fit out engineering solutions. The company's specialist solutions comprise joinery, project management, testing, and commissioning solutions. It has operations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific, and the Americas. ISG is headquartered in London, the UK.
	

		Table of Contents1 ISG Plc - Business Analysis1.1 ISG Plc - Company Overview1.2 ISG Plc - Major Products and Services2 ISG Plc - Analysis of Key Performance Indicators2.1 ISG Plc - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators2.2 ISG Plc - Key Financial Performance Indicators2.2.1 ISG Plc - Revenue and Operating Profit2.2.2 ISG Plc - Asset and Liabilities2.2.3 ISG Plc - Solvency2.3 ISG Plc - Key Competitors3 ISG Plc - Recent Developments4 ISG Plc - Key Events5 ISG Plc - Key Employees6 ISG Plc - Locations and Subsidiaries6.1 ISG Plc - Head Office6.2 ISG Plc - Other Locations and Subsidiaries7 Appendix7.1 Methodology7.2 Ratio Definitions7.3 DisclaimerList of TablesTable 1: ISG Plc - Major Products and ServicesTable 2: ISG Plc - Key Ratios - AnnualTable 3: ISG Plc - Key Ratios - InterimTable 4: ISG Plc - Key Capital Market IndicatorsTable 5: ISG Plc - Key EventsTable 6: ISG Plc - Key EmployeesTable 7: ISG Plc - LocationsList of FiguresFigure 1: ISG Plc - Revenue and Operating ProfitFigure 2: ISG Plc - Financial PositionFigure 3: ISG Plc - Solvency
	







            Loading...
          


            We are very sorry, but an error occurred.
            Please contact support@reportbuyer.com if the problem remains.
          









Immediate delivery






              $ 99 - 1 User License
              

              $ 198 - Site License
              

              $ 297 - Corporate License
              




Get Report
Pay by invoice
Get a quote



 Veronica helps you find the right report:

+1 718 213 4904
Contact by email




FAQ

Delivery time
User license
Payment options



Testimonials







The market research advisor answered my questions quickly and professionally. ReportBuyer's team did their best to ensure that I felt comfortable before making the investment to purchase the report.


Cristian Nunez
          Director of Corporate Development Chugach Alaska Corporation
        



My overall experience with ReportBuyer today has been very positive, and I must thank you for your patience (...). Also, the sample you sent me and the explanations provided were very helpful.


D. Lescuyer
          Executive Vice President Oral Business at Skyepharma
        



The research specialist was very helpful, and proposed the best content for my needs.
ReportBuyer also offered a great follow-up, thanks for everything !


P. Thompson
          EMEA Managing Director
        



We were satisfied with the support that ReportBuyer's team provided. Thanks to their recommendations, the report we purchased provided exactly what we want.


Y. Wang
          Business Analyst
        



We didn't have time to do the research internally, and thanks to ReportBuyer's team we were able to find the appropriate data.


S. Chen
          Research Coordinator
        



I was impressed by the customer service: it was fast, responsive, and 100% professional !


D. Krivan
          Market Research Analyst
        



The research specialist provided prompt and helpful service. He also followed up to ensure I had all the information to deliver my business development plan.


C. Adams
          Senior Business Development Manager
        












Our reports have been used by over 10K customers, including:









































































Related reports and data













                    Sanne Group Plc
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    48 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Sanne Group Plc  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            
















                    Rosslyn Data Technologies PLC
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    50 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Rosslyn Data Technologies PLC  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    Qinetiq Group
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    67 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Qinetiq Group  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            
















                    Inmarsat PLC
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Inmarsat PLC  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            
















                    Admiral Group PLC
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    53 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Admiral Group PLC  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact information,...
                                            
















                    Real Good Food PLC
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    67 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Aug 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Real Good Food PLC  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            





More…





        Country=UnitedKingdom Date=201512 Topic=CompanyProfile Publisher=Timetric Price=1000
    












 













Career opportunities - ISG








































Close










Current opportunities






Showing 1-10 of 37
Page:
1
2
3
4



					        Senior BIM Manager
					        

London



The Senior BIM manager will be predominantly site based, with some office activities. The SBM will have responsibility for the day to day strategic application and deployment of BIM activities and actions across multiple ISG projects. Working closely with ISG BIM manager(s), BIM co-ordinators, project/site team and design team members to ensure successful BIM delivery from 'cradle to grave'. Reporting on a daily basis to the relevant project director(s) and also with in-direct line responsibility to ISG's Head of BIM.
Read more 



					        Senior BIM Manager
					        

Mons, Belgium 



ISG is looking for a Senior BIM Manager to join our Belgium team which is only 3 hours away from London. The successful candidate will be an experienced BIM / design orientated manager, capable of working with a large team. M&E experience is preferable and excellent BIM skills (process, technical and software) are a must.This is a fantastic opportunity to work in our expanding European engineering division. You will have responsibility for the day to day strategic application and deployment of BIM activities and actions across multiple ISG projects from 'cradle to grave'. 
Read more 



					        Design Manager
					        

London



To deliver a quality service and product to our clients in line with the project goals by working with the professional team and applying ISG systems, procedures and culture. To support the construction team in the resolution of design related issues in a timely manner to prevent an affect on the construction programme and with awareness of the commercial implications the resolution may produce.
Read more 



					        Assistant Quantity Surveyor
					        

London



Assisting with the responsibility of all financial aspects of the project working closely with the Project Team to manage all contractual and commercial issues.
Read more 



					        Project Quantity Surveyor
					        

London



Responsible for all financial aspects of the project working closely with the Project Team to manage all contractual and commercial issues.
Read more 



					        Senior Quantity Surveyor
					        

London



Responsible for all financial aspects of the project working closely with the Project Manager and Project Team to manage all contractual and commercial issues. Reporting directly to the Cluster’s Commercial Manager and Director.
Read more 



					        Project Manager
					        

London



To deliver a quality service and product to our clients in line with the project goals by working with the professional team and applying Interior systems, procedures and culture
Read more 



					        Quantity Surveyor
					        

France



Responsible for all financial aspects of the project working closely with the Project Team to manage all contractual and commercial issues.
Read more 



					        Senior Technical Services Manager
					        

London



To deliver a quality service and product to our clients in line with the project goals by working with the project team and applying ISG culture, systems and procedures. Specifically, to manage the building services engineering design/installation and commissioning process and to minimise risks associated with this to the project and to the company.
Read more 

Page 1



Filter search


Location 

beijing
belgium
bradford
berlin
cambridgeshire
bristol
denmark
cardiff
east
edinburgh
england
france
frankfurt
glasgow
finland
germany
gronigen
holland
ipswich
hamburg
ipswhich
london
macau
mons
malaysia
netherlands
munich
manchester
region
scotland
shanghai
south
singapore
uat
sweden
yorkshire
switzerland



Job function 

communications
construction
finance
engineering
project
full
time
site



 Search












Back to top 













 



Products - SIG Insulation




































                	 
                


Find Branch

Find Products











The UK's market leading specialist distributor of insulation, dry lining and related products to the construction industry
          







Please Select
Home
About Us
Regulations
Products
Technical
Partnerships
News
Downloads
Branch Finder

Competition







Home
About

Business Scope
Distribution


Regulations
Products

Insulation, Dry Lining & Building Products
Alternative Construction Products
Micro Renewables
Price Changes
Buy Insulation Express
CE Marks
Roofing Product Selector Guide


Technical
Partnerships

Manufacturers
Supply Chain
Trade Associations


News
Downloads
Branches

Competition








Other Products

Insulation, Dry Lining and Building Products
Alternative Construction Methods
Mircro-Renewables
Price Changes
Buy Insulation Online


Find A Product
Browse through our wide range of Insulation products  

Find A Product





Find A Branch



Useful Links

SIG plcFor more information about the SIG group
SIG ExportFor export enquiries
SIG 360 NewBuildTaking the complexity out of sustainable construction
SIG Retrofit System SupportYour partner for delivering ECO and Green Deal measures
SIG Technical InsulationFor Process, HVAC and High Temperature enquiries
InsulslabA complete foundation system
InsulshellClosed frame timber panel system
Credit Insurance Information
CE Marks




Products - Your First Choice For Specialist Products and Services
All the major brand names in thermal and acoustic insulation, dry lining, fire protection, building products and accessories.




Insulation, Dry Lining and Building Products




Alternative Construction Methods






Mircro-Renewables




Buy Insulation Online





-- Search by Manufacturer --

      A Proctor Group Limited
      

      Abru
      

      Acoustic Insulation Manufacturing Limited
      

      Actis
      

      Actis Insulation
      

      Advance Tapes
      

      AIM
      

      Ancon Building Products
      

      Anglitemp Limited
      

      Ardex Limited 
      

      Armacell 
      

      Armacell UK Limited
      

      Arrow Fasteners
      

      Artex Limited
      

      Asbe Glovebag Ltd
      

      Aspen Aerogels
      

      Bold Nu-Tec
      

      Bostik
      

      Bostik Limited
      

      British Gypsum
      

      British Gypsum Limited 
      

      Britton Merlin Limited
      

      Cellecta
      

      Cellecta Limited
      

      Celotex
      

      Cembrit Blunn Limited
      

      Cemex Limited 
      

      CMS Danskin
      

      Cordek Limited
      

      CSI Manufacturing Limited 
      

      Culimeta Saveguard Limited
      

      Dow Building Solutions
      

      Dow Chemical Co Ltd
      

      Dufaylite
      

      DuPont
      

      EcoTherm
      

      EcoTherm Insulation
      

      EcoTherm Insulation (UK) Limited
      

      Egger
      

      Euroform
      

      Euroform Products Limited
      

      Everbuild
      

      Everbuild Limited
      

      Exton Construction Supplies
      

      Finnforest UK
      

      Firestem
      

      Firestopit Limited 
      

      Flexecrete Limited 
      

      Geocel Ltd
      

      Geosynthetics Limited
      

      Glidevale
      

      Glidevale Limited
      

      Grace Construction Products
      

      GRM Insulation Solutions
      

      Hodgson & Hodgson Group Limited
      

      Hush (UK) Limited
      

      Icopal Limited
      

      Illbuckde Building Sytstems
      

      Industrial Textiles & Plastics Ltd
      

      Instarmac
      

      Insulation & Buoyancy Services Limited
      

      Isover
      

      Jablite
      

      James Hardie Building Products Ltd
      

      Kanuf Insulation
      

      Karma Acoustic Solutions
      

      Kay Metzeler
      

      Kay-Metzeler Limited
      

      Kingspan
      

      Kingspan Insulation
      

      Kingspan Insulation Limited
      

      Kingspan Tarec
      

      Kingspan Tarec Industrial Insulation Ltd
      

      Knauf Drywall
      

      Knauf Insulation
      

      Knauf Insulation Limited
      

      Lancaster GTB Systems Ltd
      

      Manthorpe
      

      Manthorpe Building Products 
      

      Marley Eternit Limited 
      

      Marmox UK Limited
      

      Marnic plc
      

      Mayplas
      

      Mayplas Limited
      

      Metal Mesh
      

      Metsec plc
      

      Micafil
      

      NaturePro
      

      NMC
      

      NMC (UK) Ltd
      

      Norbord Ltd
      

      Novia Ltd
      

      NulliFire 
      

      Ockwells 
      

      Panel Systems Group
      

      Paroc
      

      Pittsburgh Corning (United Kingdom) Limited
      

      Plysolene Limited
      

      Promat UK Limited
      

      Protecta Screen Limited 
      

      Purimachos Limited
      

      Recticel
      

      Recticel Insulation Limited
      

      Richter Systems
      

      ROCKPANEL
      

      Rockwool
      

      Rockwool Limited
      

      Roofing & Cladding Materials
      

      S G Baker Ltd
      

      Saffil Limited
      

      Saint-Gobain Isover
      

      Shore Lmainate Fabricators Limited
      

      Siderise Lamatherm Limited
      

      Simpson StrongTie
      

      Siniat
      

      Smartply
      

      Sonae UK Limited
      

      Soudal
      

      Sound Reduction Systems Limited
      

      Soundsorba Limited
      

      Specialist Construction Products
      

      Speedline
      

      Springvale EPS Limited
      

      Superglass
      

      Superglass Insulation Limited
      

      TAP Acoustic
      

      TBA Textiles Limited
      

      Tenax UK Limited
      

      Terram Ltd
      

      The Condensation Shop
      

      The S.A.S. Group
      

      Thermal Ceramics
      

      Thermica Limited
      

      Thermotex Limited 
      

      Timloc
      

      Toolbank
      

      Tyco Thermal Controls
      

      Tyvek
      

      Ultra
      

      Unifrax Limited
      

      URSA UK Ltd
      

      Vencel Resil Limited
      

      Venture Tape Europe
      

      Visqueen Building Products
      

      Warren Bestobell
      

      Weber
      

      Wedi
      

      William Sinclair Holdings plc
      

      www.building.dow.com
      

      Xella Dry Lining Systems
      

      Xetal Consultants Ltd
      








Other Products

Insulation, Dry Lining and Building Products
Alternative Construction Methods
Mircro-Renewables
Price Changes
Buy Insulation Online










The UK's market leading specialist distributor of insulation, dry lining and related products to construction and industry.


You may also be interested in


SIG Interiors
SIG Technical Insulation
SIG Fixings
SIG Construction Accessories
SIG Commercial Drainage
SIG Export
SIG Plc




Quick Links


Home
About Us
Regulations
Products
Technical




Partnerships
News
Downloads
Branch Finder








Copyright 2013 SIG PLC |  Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions


Part of SIG Plc - www.sigplc.com










ISG Automation























 









 
















 






 
Custom Automated Machinery
ISG can provide custom automated machinery including: Vibratory Parts Feeders, Pick and Place actuators, assembly systems and fixtures, dial-index machines, palletized conveyors, vision and robotics systems.
 
Factory Floor Networking Services
ISG helps companies implement Industrial Ethernet, wireless Ethernet, Profibus and AS-i networks (including CAT5 fiberoptic installations) to allow management and real time access to plant floor data and improved process control - SCADA and DCS systems.
 


 

 

 


 
Coordinated Drive and PLC Systems
For web process applications carpet, textile, nonwoven, paper converting, printing, steel processing, extrusion, pumping and HVAC appliactions up to 5000 HP and motion control servo applications.
 
Machine Shop and Millwright Services
I3D CAD Modeling - Networked CNC Machining and Turning Services. Wire EDM Welding, Fabrication, Rebuilds and Retrofits. Prototype Product Development Services!
 


 

 

 


 
PLC Drive & Field Service
Your machine is down and you need experienced help right away. We service AB, GE, Siemens and many other brands. Our staff includes five engineers each with Over 20 years experience.
 

 


 

 

 




















































Let us assist you in conceptualization, designing and implementing custom   automation solutions.


Industrial Systems Group, Inc. may or may not  be formally affiliated with nor  an authorized distributor or representative of any manufacturer, brand or  product listed herein.
Designated trademarks, brand names and brands appearing  herein are the property of their respective owners.





Home Page | Products | Siemens | SICK | WAGO | Discount Pieces | Vibratory Feeders | Automated Systems | News & Events | About Us | Contact Us


Privacy Statement  |  Â© Copyright 2008 Industrial Systems Group    
























Handrail Design - Home



































Handrail Community
Become a registered member of the Handrail Design Community and enjoy the added benefits of downloading AutoCAD Generic Drawings, Technical & Architectural Working Details, Guidance on Staircase Setting Out and Compliance with Building Regulations + British Standards.


Register
Please click here to register and access additional features + services.


Login


 

 

 

 Remember me		    
		    Forgotten your password?



 








Home
About
Services
Products
Projects
Contact



Login | Register






 | Unequalled &amp Approved | 











70 Mark Lane, London - Sir Robert McAlpine Construction Ltd
Explore our unique product range 

Holland Park School, London - Shepherd Construction 
View Project Gallery 

5 Broadgate, London - MACE Group Limited 
Explore our icon CUBE product range 

5 Broadgate, London - MACE Group Limited 
Explore our icon CUBE product range 

Nuffield Department of Medicine, University of Oxford - Mace
Explore the icon LedLit product range 

South Quay Plaza, London - Paragon
Explore the icon LedLit product range 

One Eagle Place, London - Lend Lease 
Explore our icon CUBE product range 

Chipping Norton Health Centre - Henry W Pollard & Sons Limited
View icon TUBE product range 

Exchange Tower, London - isg Plc
Explore the icon LedLit product range 

Bath Spa University - Skanska Construction UK Limited 
Explore our icon CUBE product range 

LedLit handrails now available across the icon range
Explore our unique product range 

No.1 Smithery Museum, Historic Dockyard, Chatham - isg Plc
View Project Gallery 

Fitzroy Place, London - Sir Robert McAlpine Construction Ltd
Explore our unique product range 

Wellington House, 125 The Strand, London - Chorus Group 
View icon VIEU product range 

70 Mark Lane, London - Sir Robert McAlpine Construction Ltd
Explore our unique product range 

The Quest Academy, Croydon - Wates Group
Explore our unique product range 

The Forum, Southend-on-Sea - Wates Group
Explore our unique product range 

Exchange Tower, London - isg Plc
Explore the icon LedLit product range 

Chipping Norton Health Centre - Henry W Pollard & Sons Limited
View icon VIEU product range 

Ghats Steps, Granary Square, Kings Cross, London - BAM Nuttall
Explore the icon LedLit product range 

70 Mark Lane, London - Sir Robert McAlpine Construction Ltd
Explore our unique product range 

North Kent Police - Kier Construction Ltd
Explore our unique product range 

70 Mark Lane, London - Sir Robert McAlpine Construction Ltd
Explore our unique product range 










Handrail Design is a specialist Trade Contractor to the Construction Industry engaged in the design, supply and site installation of pioneering, high end Architectural handrail and balustrade systems.
Achilles AccreditedDownload Certificate Online Product Map   NEW!View or downloadBrochuresView or download on lineTwitter
Tweets by @Handraildesign






Architectural Handrail and BalustradeModular System Solutions

Stay Connected
				Design & developed by Greynoise | Grade

© 2017 All rights reserved | Handrail Design Limited | Registered in England 2528630 | 03.08.17 | Cookie policy





				If you continue to use this site you are consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. You can click here to hide this message. 
			





Corporate History - ISG International









































Language












::before::after

















  Our success story

2016
We are widening our product portfolio and establish our advertising agency. Our experts focus in questions regarding HR with the focus on employer branding and consulting concerning optimal candidate searches. We can offer advice on appropriate organisation and agency co-operation with anonymous advertisements on online platforms, as well as print and social media. Our application database has grown to over 545000 candidates. We are opening an ISG office in Denmark and joined the NPA group (http://npaworldwide.com/), one of the biggest head-hunter networks, worldwide.


2015
In 2015, we succeeded to establish further ISG offices in France, Russia and Iran. The applicant database has grown to 490,000 applicants. The training team is for the first time in Germany, Austria and Switzerland with a total nationwide presence of 45 coaches and the number of employees has risen to over 600.


2014
We are opening more branches in Albania, Dubai and Holland. Our applicant database now includes more than 420,000 applicants. The strongest growth rates were achieved in 2014 in Turkey, Romania and Hungary, Austria also increased its sales.


2013
We continue to expand and develop new markets in England, Russia, Macedonia, Tunisia and Georgia. Our number of employees has grown to 540 and the database to 345,000 applicants. In the area of training we are expanding our services to software-based client and employee surveys. 


2012
After a successful 2011 business year, the number of employees has grown to 510.  We opened offices in Finland and Spain. Meanwhile the ISG database includes 300,000 active applicants at home and abroad.


2011
10 years anniversary of the ISG training and personal development department. Enlargement of our head office with a training center in Vienna in the 12th district. ISG's headcount grows to 540 employees and we have about 235,000 applicants in our database; further expansion of the ISG's network, now including Albania, Denmark, Poland and Sweden; new cooperation partners in Norway, Russia, and South Africa.


2010
ISG's headcount grows to 430 employees and we have about 190,000 applicants in our database; new ISG office in Turkey; new cooperation partners in Cyprus and Greece; Due to continuing internationalisation we decided to change our domain from www.ISG.eu to www.isg.com.


2009
10 years anniversary of the ISG personnel development department. New international offices and expansion of ISG's working sphere with a new executive search office in Vienna, in the 1st district; 170,000 applicants in our database; 250 employees.


2008
Expansion of ISG’s network, now including Croatia and U.A.E.; Enhancement of our product portfolio with “temporary employment” and expansion of our diagnostics department with an assessment center, development and orientation center; 160,000 applicants in our database; 170 employees.


2007
Reorganisation and founding of a new department for Executive Search due to a growing demand; expansion of our ISG network, now also including Switzerland and Bulgaria: more than 100,000 applicants in our database; 160 employees.


2006
Personnel Consulting and Training department relocate to a new office in Rustenschacherallee 38, A-1020 Vienna, Austria. First international trainee program; implementation of new products such as “Stress/Time Management” and “Work Life Balance” as well as the ISG Academy; new offices in Poland and Serbia; more than 30,000 applicants in our database; 100 employees.


2005
Implementation of a high-performance database for applicants including a modern online portal and application services. New office facilities for our trainings department. First major projects in the field of HR development (trainee programs, development centers), the introduction of business games and a new office in Hungary require a further headcount increase of up to 70 employees.


2004
Expansion to Germany, new subsidiaries in Austria in Vorarlberg and Upper Austria. We now also offer team development. We have 53 employees in Austria and abroad.


2003
We complete our range of HR services with personal development and offer a complete HR solutions range of all four HRM areas now (recruiting, training, development and outplacement). Moreover we have started with outdoor trainings and opened a 2nd office in Vienna with 41 employees.


2002
The founding of regional Austrian subsidiaries in St. Pölten, Wiener Neustadt, Salzburg and Graz. The fast growing training assignments require a further expansion - 32 employees.


2001
The founding of our trainings department that successfully offers sales and leadership trainings as well as first outplacement assignments requires an increase of headcount of up to 25 employees; cooperation with well-known international headhunters.


2000
Continuous expansion in Austria and Central and Eastern Europe; we offer our HR services in personnel consulting to all industries; integration of companies in Slovakia, the Czech Republic and Romania; raising our headcount to 19 employees.


1999
Founding of ISG Personalmanagement and a spectacular business start. Due to our dedicated and proficient working style we win major clients in the field of telecommunications and IT and the number of our employees has grown up to 7 persons within the first year; with a strong presence in print and online media.
















		Form 8.3 - ISG Plc - RNS - London Stock Exchange

 






 




 



Regulatory Story


Go to market news section













Brewin Dolphin Limited  -     
Form 8.3 - ISG Plc
Released 12:56 07-Jan-2016

















RNS Number : 1760L Brewin Dolphin Limited 07 January 2016  
﻿

FORM 8.3
 
PUBLIC OPENING POSITION DISCLOSURE/DEALING DISCLOSURE BY 
A PERSON WITH INTERESTS IN RELEVANT SECURITIES REPRESENTING 1% OR MORE
Rule 8.3 of the Takeover Code (the "Code")
 
1.         KEY INFORMATION
 




(a) Identity of the person whose positions/dealings are being disclosed:


Brewin Dolphin Limited




(b) Owner or controller of interests and short positions disclosed, if different from 1(a):
     The naming of nominee or vehicle companies is insufficient







(c) Name of offeror/offeree in relation to whose relevant securities this form relates:
     Use a separate form for each offeror/offeree


ISG Plc




(d) If an exempt fund manager connected with an offeror/offeree, state this and specify identity of offeror/offeree:







(e) Date position held/dealing undertaken:


06/01/16




(f)  Has the discloser previously disclosed, or are they today disclosing, under the Code in respect of any other party to this offer?


No 
 




 
2.         POSITIONS OF THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE
 
(a)        Interests and short positions in the relevant securities of the offeror or offeree to which the disclosure relates following the dealing (if any)
 




Class of relevant security:
 


Ordinary GBP0.01




 
 


Interests


Short positions




Number


%


Number


%




Relevant securities owned and/or controlled: 


1,385,976


2.8009










(2) Derivatives (other than options):
















(3) Options and agreements to purchase/sell:
















 
     TOTAL:


1,385,976
The difference of 4000 shares from the previous disclosure is due to Client Agreement Changes


2.8009










 
All interests and all short positions should be disclosed.
 
Details of any open derivative or option positions, or agreements to purchase or sell relevant securities, should be given on a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions).
 
(b)        Rights to subscribe for new securities (including directors' and other executive options)
 




Class of relevant security in relation to which subscription right exists:







Details, including nature of the rights concerned and relevant percentages:







 
If there are positions or rights to subscribe to disclose in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 2(a) or (b) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security.
 
3.         DEALINGS (IF ANY) BY THE PERSON MAKING THE DISCLOSURE
 
(a)        Purchases and sales
 




Class of relevant security


Purchase/sale
 


Number of securities


Price per unit




 




Ordinary GBP0.01


Sale


7850


141.05p




 
(b)        Derivatives transactions (other than options)
 




Class of relevant security


Product description
e.g. CFD


Nature of dealing
e.g. opening/closing a long/short position, increasing/reducing a long/short position


Number of reference securities


Price per unit







 
 













 
(c)        Options transactions in respect of existing securities
 
(i)         Writing, selling, purchasing or varying
 




Class of relevant security


Product description e.g. call option


Writing, purchasing, selling, varying etc.


Number of securities to which option relates


Exercise price per unit


Type
e.g. American, European etc.


Expiry date


Option money paid/ received per unit






























 
(ii)        Exercising
 




Class of relevant security


Product description
e.g. call option


Number of securities


Exercise price per unit













 
 




(d)        Other dealings (including subscribing for new securities)
 




Class of relevant security


Nature of dealing
e.g. subscription, conversion


Details


Price per unit (if applicable)







 
 










 
The currency of all prices and other monetary amounts should be stated.
 
Where there have been dealings in more than one class of relevant securities of the offeror or offeree named in 1(c), copy table 3(a), (b), (c) or (d) (as appropriate) for each additional class of relevant security dealt in.
 
4.         OTHER INFORMATION
 
(a)        Indemnity and other dealing arrangements
 




Details of any indemnity or option arrangement, or any agreement or understanding, formal or informal, relating to relevant securities which may be an inducement to deal or refrain from dealing entered into by the person making the disclosure and any party to the offer or any person acting in concert with a party to the offer:
If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none"




 
NONE
 




 
(b)        Agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to options or derivatives
 




Details of any agreement, arrangement or understanding, formal or informal, between the person making the disclosure and any other person relating to:
(i)  the voting rights of any relevant securities under any option; or 
(ii) the voting rights or future acquisition or disposal of any relevant securities to which any derivative is referenced:
If there are no such agreements, arrangements or understandings, state "none"




 
NONE
 




 
(c)        Attachments
 




Is a Supplemental Form 8 (Open Positions) attached?


NO




 




Date of disclosure:


07/01/16




Contact name:


Mark Taylor




Telephone number:


0191 279 7332




 
Public disclosures under Rule 8 of the Code must be made to a Regulatory Information Service and must also be emailed to the Takeover Panel at monitoring@disclosure.org.uk.  The Panel's Market Surveillance Unit is available for consultation in relation to the Code's dealing disclosure requirements on +44 (0)20 7638 0129.
 
The Code can be viewed on the Panel's website at www.thetakeoverpanel.org.uk.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

This information is provided by RNSThe company news service from the London Stock Exchange   END  RETBDGDBUUGBGLR

	


Close


 

 















 






 



London Stock Exchange plc is not responsible for and does not check content on this Website. Website users are responsible for checking content. Any news item (including any prospectus) which is addressed solely to the persons and countries specified therein should not be relied upon other than by such persons and/or outside the specified countries. Terms and conditions, including restrictions on use and distribution apply.



©2014 London Stock Exchange plc. All rights reserved



 
Form 8.3 - ISG Plc - RNS











 



Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.

















變頻器,PLC控制器,安川代理商,國際牌代理商,視覺對位系統,歐姆龍控制器


































繁體中文 │  English










可程式控制器的人機介面



公司簡介  服務項目 產品介紹公司位置 聯絡我們





鑫弘展企業有限公司屬於自動化電機電子類產品的貿易商，提供國內外客戶所需各項產品外，更引進國外先進技術，協助客戶系統的規劃、諮詢、技術的支援及問題的克服，而不是單純的買賣業，而自動化是世界的趨勢，需結合電子、電機、資訊、網路、機械......等等領域，運用各種最先進技術，來達成客戶的需求，而且為了增加客戶的需求，還附屬室內裝潢業的導入來跟進世界的趨勢讓生活有更高的品質，如智慧型住宅、節能減碳、太陽能......等等，可以讓顧客一次購足別再尋找其他商品的時間，除此之外，本公司朝向經營多元化、產業多角化、系統整合方案、商品多樣化的目標來發展，來提供客戶最好的服務。







專業的貿易商滿足您的所有需求



聯絡電話:02-2848-3135    傳真:02-2848-8271    聯絡地址:24743新北市蘆洲區民族路506號5樓
        Copyright    ©    2013 變頻器-鑫弘展企業有限公司. All Rights Reserved. Design by web5000 網頁設計.


Sitemap 三菱代理商 歐姆龍代理商





