


Our Product | Datamyne



















































































































 






Datamyne


Client Login


 

			User:

			

			Pass:

			

 Login



Forgot Password?



					Mac Users: Datamyne requires adjustments to your browser's security settings.  
View instructions HERE



					Minimum system reqs for Datamyne 3.0:



					IE 11 or higher, and current versions of Chrome, Firefox, and Safari are fully supported. Your browser must have JavaScript enabled. Please clear your cache if upgrading from 2.1. You may need to adjust security settings to enable Excel downloading.


					If you are having trouble logging in, please
CLICK HERE





Call 305.262.8600

Chat
Request Demo


 
 
 









Our Product

 






 





Datamyne 

3.0 

Sleek. Simple. Smart. 

Experience our new online search and analysis platformwith the features most requested by you.
See what’s newThis tour will walk you through some of the key featuresof our new platform. 

 

 







•  Rank all data by country or product.
•  See total import and export values.
•  Drill down to products by country.
• Link to country data for details. 

 

 

Global Trade 

Rankings 







•  Smart and simple navigation.
•  Point-and-click sidebar filters.
•  Multidimensional views of your results. 

 

 

 

Google-like Searches 

of US Bills of Lading 







•  Easy to configure and customize.
•  Search or filter data.
•  Expand any view for additional rows.
•  Save or print a PDF. 

 

 

Visualized and 

Organized Data 







• Identify the partners in trade.
• Get their addresses and  contact info.
•  Request their D&B reports.
•  Click through to their Trade Profile.  

 

 

See both sides now – 

Buyers and Sellers 







• Lets you trace all the links in a supply chain.
• Available for all  Unified Consignees and Shippers. 

 

 

Watch a Trade 

Partner's Tree Grow 







• Change your search criteria and SAVE or SAVE AS   to create a new search under a new name. 
• Update your  distribution lists.
• Change the  frequency of alerts.  

 

 

Edit Saved Searches 

and Alerts 



 






Already a customer?
Log in Now


Want to attend one of our free training seminars?
Register Here


Not a customer yet?
Request a Demo

 
 
 
 
 




Chat

RequestDemo



 





















 




























Trade route - Wikipedia





















 







Trade route

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Trade routes)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

A trade route is a logistical network identified as a series of pathways and stoppages used for the commercial transport of cargo. The term can also be used to refer to trade over bodies of water. Allowing goods to reach distant markets, a single trade route contains long distance arteries, which may further be connected to smaller networks of commercial and noncommercial transportation routes. Among notable trade routes was the Amber Road, which served as a dependable network for long-distance trade.[1] Maritime trade along the Spice Route became prominent during the Middle Ages, when nations resorted to military means for control of this influential route.[2] During the Middle Ages, organizations such as the Hanseatic League, aimed at protecting interests of the merchants, and trade became increasingly prominent.[3]
In modern times, commercial activity shifted from the major trade routes of the Old World to newer routes between modern nation-states. This activity was sometimes carried out without traditional protection of trade and under international free-trade agreements, which allowed commercial goods to cross borders with relaxed restrictions.[4] Innovative transportation of modern times includes pipeline transport and the relatively well-known trade involving rail routes, automobiles, and cargo airlines.



Contents


1 Development of early routes

1.1 Early development
1.2 Maritime trade
1.3 Visible trade routes


2 Historic trade routes

2.1 Combined land and waterway routes

2.1.1 Incense Route
2.1.2 Pre-Columbian trade


2.2 Predominantly overland routes

2.2.1 Silk Road
2.2.2 Grand Trunk Road
2.2.3 Amber Road
2.2.4 Via Maris
2.2.5 Trans Saharan trade


2.3 Predominantly maritime routes

2.3.1 Roman-India routes
2.3.2 Hanseatic trade
2.3.3 From the Varangians to the Greek
2.3.4 Maritime republics' Mediterranean trade
2.3.5 Spice Route




3 Modern routes

3.1 Wagonway routes
3.2 Railway routes
3.3 Modern road networks
3.4 Modern maritime routes
3.5 Free trade areas
3.6 Air routes
3.7 Pipeline networks


4 Notes
5 References
6 External links



Development of early routes[edit]
Early development[edit]
Long distance trade routes were developed in the Chalcolithic Period. The period from the middle of the 2nd millennium BCE to the beginning of the Common Era saw societies in Western Asia, the Mediterranean, China and the Indian subcontinent develop major transportation networks for trade.[5]
One of the vital instruments which facilitated long distance trade was portage and the domestication of beasts of burden.[6] Organized caravans, visible by the 2nd millennium BCE,[7] could carry goods across a large distance as fodder was mostly available along the way.[6] The domestication of camels allowed Arabian nomads to control the long distance trade in spices and silk from the Far East to the Arabian Peninsula.[8] Caravans were useful in long-distance trade largely for carrying luxury goods, the transportation of cheaper goods across large distances was not profitable for caravan operators.[9] With productive developments in iron and bronze technologies, newer trade routes—dispensing innovations of civilizations—began to rise.[10]
Maritime trade[edit]




Much of the Radhanites' Indian Ocean trade would have depended on coastal cargo-ships such as this dhow.


Main article: Ship transport
Evidence of maritime trade between civilizations dates back at least 90 millennia.[11] Navigation was known in Sumer between the 4th and the 3rd millennium BCE, and was probably known by the Indians and the Chinese people before the Sumerians.[7] The Egyptians had trade routes through the Red Sea, importing spices from the "Land of Punt" (East Africa) and from Arabia.[12]




Evolution of Indian trade networks. The main map shows the routes since Mughal times, Inset A shows the major prehistorical cultural currents, B: pre-Mauryan routes, C: Mauryan routes, D: routes c. 1st century CE, and E: the "Z" shaped region of developed roads.


Maritime trade began with safer coastal trade and evolved with the manipulation of the monsoon winds, soon resulting in trade crossing boundaries such as the Arabian Sea and the Bay of Bengal.[11] South Asia had multiple maritime trade routes which connected it to Southeast Asia, thereby making the control of one route resulting in maritime monopoly difficult.[11] Indian connections to various Southeast Asian states buffered it from blockages on other routes.[11] By making use of the maritime trade routes, bulk commodity trade became possible for the Romans in the 2nd century BCE.[13] A Roman trading vessel could span the Mediterranean in a month at one-sixtieth the cost of over-land routes.[14]
Visible trade routes[edit]
The peninsula of Anatolia lay on the commercial land routes to Europe from Asia as well as the sea route from the Mediterranean to the Black Sea.[15] Records from the 19th century BCE attest to the existence of an Assyrian merchant colony at Kanesh in Cappadocia (now in modern Turkey).[15] Trading networks of the Old World included the Grand Trunk Road of India and the Incense Road of Arabia.[5] A transportation network consisting of hard-surfaced highways, using concrete made from volcanic ash and lime, was built by the Romans as early as 312 BCE, during the times of the Censor Appius Claudius Caecus.[16] Parts of the Mediterranean world, Roman Britain, Tigris-Euphrates river system and North Africa fell under the reach of this network at some point of their history.[16]
According to Robert Allen Denemark (2000):[17]

"The spread of urban trading networks, and their extension along the Persian Gulf and eastern Mediterranean, created a complex molecular structure of regional foci so that as well as the zonation of core and periphery (originally created around Mesopotamia) there was a series of interacting civilizations: Mesopotamia, Egypt, the Indus Valley; then also Syria, central Anatolia (Hittites) and the Aegean (Minoans and Mycenaeans). Beyond this was a margin which included not only temperate areas such as Europe, but the dry steppe corridor of central Asia. This was truly a world system, even though it occupied only a restricted portion of the western Old World. Whilst each civilization emphasized its ideological autonomy, all were identifiably part of a common world of interacting components."

These routes - spreading religion, trade and technology - have historically been vital to the growth of urban civilization.[18] The extent of development of cities, and the level of their integration into a larger world system, has often been attributed to their position in various active transport networks.[19]
Historic trade routes[edit]
Combined land and waterway routes[edit]
Incense Route[edit]




The economy of the Kingdom of Qataban (light blue) was based on the cultivation and trade of spices and aromatics including frankincense and myrrh. These were exported to the Mediterranean, India and Abyssinia where they were greatly prized by many cultures, using camels on routes through Arabia, and to India by sea.


Main article: Incense route
The Incense Route served as a channel for trading of Indian, Arabian and East Asian goods.[20] The incense trade flourished from South Arabia to the Mediterranean between roughly the 3rd century BCE to the 2nd century CE.[21] This trade was crucial to the economy of Yemen and the frankincense and myrrh trees were seen as a source of wealth by the its rulers.[22]
Ptolemy II Philadelphus, emperor of Ptolemaic Egypt, may have forged an alliance with the Lihyanites in order to secure the incense route at Dedan, thereby rerouting the incense trade from Dedan to the coast along the Red Sea to Egypt.[23] I. E. S. Edwards connects the Syro-Ephraimite War to the desire of the Israelites and the Aramaeans to control the northern end of the Incense route, which ran up from Southern Arabia and could be tapped by commanding Transjordan.[24]
Gerrha - inhabited by Chaldean exiles from Babylon - controlled the Incense trade routes across Arabia to the Mediterranean and exercised control over the trading of aromatics to Babylon in the 1st century BCE.[25] The Nabateans exercised control over the routes along the Incense Route, and their hold was challenged - without success - by Antigonus Cyclops, emperor of Syria.[26] The Nabatean control over trade further increased and spread in many directions.[26]
The replacement of Greece by the Roman empire as the administrator of the Mediterranean basin led to the resumption of direct trade with the East and the elimination of the taxes extracted previously by the middlemen of the south.[27] According to Milo Kearney (2003) "The South Arabs in protest took to pirate attacks over the Roman ships in the Gulf of Aden. In response, the Romans destroyed Aden and favored the Western Abyssinian coast of the Red Sea."[28] Indian ships sailed to Egypt as the maritime routes of Southern Asia were not under the control of a single power.[27]
Pre-Columbian trade[edit]
Further information: Inca road system
Some similarities between the Mesoamerican and the Andean cultures suggest that the two regions became a part of a wider world system, as a result of trade, by the 1st millennium BCE.[29] The current academic view is that the flow of goods across the Andean slopes was controlled by institutions distributing locations to local groups, who were then free to access them for trading.[30] This trade across the Andean slopes—described sometimes as "vertical trade"—may have overshadowed the long distance trade between the people of the Andes and the neighboring forests.[30] The Callawaya herbalists traded in tropical plants between 6th and the 10th centuries, while copper was dealt by specialized merchants in the Peruvian valley of Chincha.[30] Long distance trade may have seen local elites resorting to struggle in order for manipulation and control.[30]
Prior to the Inca dominance, specialized long distance merchants provided the highlanders with goods such as gold nuggets, copper hatchets, cocoa, salt etc. for redistribution among the locals, and were key players in the politics of the region.[31] Hatchet shaped copper currency was produced by the Peruvian people, in order to obtain valuables from pre Columbian Ecuador.[31] A maritime exchange system stretched from the west coast of Mexico to southernmost Peru, trading mostly in Spondylus, which represented rain and fertility and was considered the principal food of the gods by the people of the Inca empire.[31] Spondylus was used in elite rituals, and the effective redistribution of it had political effect in the Andes during the pre-Hispanic times.[31]
Predominantly overland routes[edit]
Silk Road[edit]
Main article: Silk Road




Trading routes used around the 1st century CE centred on the Silk Road.


The Silk road was one of the first trade routes to join the Eastern and the Western worlds.[32] According to Vadime Elisseeff (2000):[32]

"Along the Silk Roads, technology traveled, ideas were exchanged, and friendship and understanding between East and West were experienced for the first time on a large scale. Easterners were exposed to Western ideas and life-styles, and Westerners too, learned about Eastern culture and its spirituality-oriented cosmology. Buddhism as an Eastern religion received international attention through the Silk Roads."

Cultural interactions patronized often by powerful emperors, such as Kanishka, led to development of art due to introduction of a rich variety of influences.[32] Buddhist missions thrived along the Silk Roads, partly due to the conducive intermixing of trade and cultural values, which created a series of safe stoppages for both the pilgrims and the traders.[33] Among the frequented routes of the Silk Route was the Burmese route extending from Bhamo, which served as a path for Marco Polo's visit to Yunnan and Indian Buddhist missions to Canton in order to establish Buddhist monasteries.[34] This route - often under the presence of hostile tribes - also finds mention in the works of Rashid-al-Din Hamadani.[34]
Grand Trunk Road[edit]




For centuries, the Grand Trunk Road has served as the main artery for travel across Northern India. A scene from the Ambala cantonment during the days of the British Raj.


Main article: Grand Trunk Road
The Grand Trunk Road - connecting Chittagong in Bangladesh to Peshawar in Pakistan - has existed for over two and a half millennia.[35] One of the important trade routes of the world, this road has been a strategic artery with fortresses, halting posts, wells, post offices, milestones and other facilities.[35] Part of this road through Pakistan also coincided with the Silk Road.[35]
This highway has been associated with emperors Chandragupta Maurya and Sher Shah Suri, the latter became synonymous with this route due to his role in ensuring the safety of the travelers and the upkeep of the road.[36] Emperor Sher Shah widened and realigned the road to other routes, and provided approximately 1700 roadside inns through his empire.[36] These inns provided free food and lodgings to the travelers regardless of their status.[36]
The British occupation of this road was of special significance for the British Raj in India.[37] Bridges, pathways and newer inns were constructed by the British for the first thirty-seven years of their reign since the occupation of Punjab in 1849.[37] The British followed roughly the same alignment as the old routes, and at some places the newer routes ran parallel to the older routes.[37]
Vadime Elisseeff (2000) comments on the Grand Trunk Road:[38]

"Along this road marched not only the mighty armies of conquerors, but also the caravans of traders, scholars, artists, and common folk. Together with people, moved ideas, languages, customs, and cultures, not just in one, but in both directions. At different meeting places - permanent as well as temporary - people of different origins and from different cultural backgrounds, professing different faiths and creeds, eating different foods, wearing different clothes, and speaking different languages and dialects would meet one another peacefully. They would understand one another's food, dress, manner, and etiquette, and even borrow words, phrases, idioms and, at times, whole languages from others."

Amber Road[edit]
Main article: Amber Road
The Amber Road was a European trade route associated with the trade and transport of amber.[1] Amber satisfied the criteria for long distance trade as it was light in weight and was in high demand for ornamental purposes around the Mediterranean.[1] Before the establishment of Roman control over areas such as Pannonia, the Amber Road was virtually the only route available for long distance trade.[1]
Towns along the Amber Road began to rise steadily during the 1st century CE, despite the troop movements under Titus Flavius Vespasianus and his son Titus Flavius Domitianus.[39] Under the reign of Tiberius Caesar Augustus, the Amber Road was straightened and paved according to the prevailing urban standards.[40] Roman towns began to appear along the road, initially founded near the site of Celtic oppida.[40]
The 3rd century saw the Danube river become the principal artery of trade, eclipsing the Amber Road and other commercial routes.[1] The redirection of investment to the Danubian forts saw the towns along the Amber Road growing slowly, though yet retaining their prosperity.[41] The prolonged struggle between the Romans and the barbarians further left its mark on the towns along the Amber Road.[42]
Via Maris[edit]




The Via Maris (purple), King's Highway (red), and other ancient Levantine trade routes, c. 1300 BCE.


Main article: Via Maris
Via Maris, literally Latin for "the way of the sea,"[43] was an ancient highway used by the Romans and the Crusaders.[44] The states controlling the Via Maris were in a position to grant access for trade to their own citizens and collect tolls from the outsiders to maintain the trade route.[45] The name Via Maris is a Latin translation of a Hebrew phrase related to Isaiah.[44] Due to the biblical significance of this ancient route, many attempts to find its present-day location have been made by Christian pilgrims.[44] 13th-century traveler and pilgrim Burchard of Mount Zion refers to the Via Maris route as a way leading along the shore of the Sea of Galilee.[44]
Trans Saharan trade[edit]
Main article: Trans-Saharan trade




Saharan trade routes circa 1400, with the modern territory of Niger highlighted; Tuareg people, who exercised influence over the Trans Saharan Trade.[46]


Early Muslim writings confirm that the people of West Africa operated a sophisticated network of trade, usually under the authority of a monarch who levied taxes and provided bureaucratic and military support to his kingdom.[47] Sophisticated mechanisms for the economic and political development of the involved African areas were in place before Islam further strengthened trade, towns and government in western Africa.[47] The capital, court and trade of the region find mention in the works of scholar Abū 'Ubayd 'Abd Allāh al-Bakrī; the mainstay of the trans Saharan trade was gold and salt.[47]
The powerful Saharan tribes, Berber in origin and later adapting to Muslim and Arab cultures, controlled the channels to western Africa by making efficient use of horse-drawn vehicles and pack animals.[47] The Songhai engaged in a struggle against the Sa'di dynasty of Morocco over the control of the trans Saharan trade, resulting in damage on both sides and a weak Moroccan victory, further strengthening the uninvolved Saharan tribes.[47] Struggles and disturbances continued till the 14th century, by which the Mandé merchants were trading with the Hausa, between Lake Chad and the Niger.[47] Newer trade routes developed following extension of trade.[47]
Predominantly maritime routes[edit]
Roman-India routes[edit]
Main article: Roman trade with India




Roman trade with India according to the Periplus Maris Erythraei, 1st century CE.


The Ptolemaic dynasty had initiated Greco-Roman maritime trade contact with India using the Red Sea ports.[48] The Roman historian Strabo mentions a vast increase in trade following the Roman annexation of Egypt, indicating that monsoon was known and manipulated for trade in his time.[49] By the time of Augustus up to 120 ships were setting sail every year from Myos Hormos to India,[50] trading in a diverse variety of goods.[51] Arsinoe,[52] Berenice Troglodytica and Myos Hormos were the principal Roman ports involved in this maritime trading network,[53] while the Indian ports included Barbaricum, Barygaza, Muziris and Arikamedu.[51]
The Indians were present in Alexandria[54] and the Christian and Jewish settlers from Rome continued to live in India long after the fall of the Roman empire,[55] which resulted in Rome's loss of the Red Sea ports,[56] previously used to secure trade with India by the Greco-Roman world since the time of the Ptolemaic dynasty.[52]
Hanseatic trade[edit]
Main article: Hanseatic League




Main trading routes of the Hanseatic League.


Shortly before the 12th century the Germans played a relatively modest role in the north European trade.[57] However, this was to change with the development of Hanseatic trade, as a result of which German traders became prominent in the Baltic and the North Sea regions.[58] Following the death of Eric VI of Denmark, German forces attacked and sacked Denmark, bringing with them artisans and merchants under the new administration which controlled the Hansa regions.[59] During the third quarter of the 14th century the Hanseatic trade faced two major difficulties: economic conflict with the Flanders and hostilities with Denmark.[3] These events led to the formation of an organized association of Hanseatic towns, which replaced the earlier union of German merchants.[3] This new Hansa of the towns, aimed at protecting interests of the merchants and trade, was prominent for the next hundred and fifty years.[3]
Philippe Dollinger associates the downfall of the Hansa to a new alliance between Lübeck, Hamburg and Bremen, which outshadowed the older institution.[60] He further sets the date of dissolution of the Hansa at 1630[60] and concludes that the Hansa was almost entirely forgotten by the end of the 18th century.[61] Scholar Georg Friedrich Sartorius published the first monograph regarding the community in the early years of the 19th century.[61]
From the Varangians to the Greek[edit]
Main article: Trade route from the Varangians to the Greeks
The trade route from the Varangians to the Greeks (Russian: Путь "из варяг в греки", Put' iz varyag v greki, Swedish: Vägen från varjagerna till grekerna, Greek: Εμπορική Οδός Βαράγγων - Ελλήνων, Emporikḗ Odós Varángōn-Ellḗnōn) was a trade route that connected Scandinavia, Kievan Rus' and the Byzantine Empire. The route allowed traders along the route to establish a direct prosperous trade with Byzantium, and prompted some of them to settle in the territories of present-day Belarus, Russia and Ukraine.
The route began in Scandinavian trading centres such as Birka, Hedeby, and Gotland, crossed the Baltic Sea entered the Gulf of Finland, followed the Neva River into the Lake Ladoga. Then it followed the Volkhov River, upstream past the towns of Staraya Ladoga and Velikiy Novgorod, crossed Lake Ilmen, and up the Lovat River. From there, ships had to be portaged to the Dnieper River near Gnezdovo. A second route from the Baltic to the Dnieper was along the Western Dvina (Daugava) between the Lovat and the Dnieper in the Smolensk region, and along the Kasplya River to Gnezdovo. Along the Dnieper, the route crossed several major rapids and passed through Kiev, and after entering the Black Sea followed its west coast to Constantinople.
Maritime republics' Mediterranean trade[edit]
Further information: Maritime Republics




Genoese (red) and Venetian (green) maritime trade routes in the Mediterranean


The economic growth of Europe around the year 1000, together with the lack of safety on the mainland trading routes, eased the development of major commercial routes along the coast of the Mediterranean. The growing independence of some coastal cities gave them a leading role in this commerce: Maritime Republics (Italian "Repubbliche Marinare") of Venice, Genoa, Amalfi, Pisa and Republic of Ragusa developed their own "empires" in the Mediterranean shores. From the 8th until the 15th century, they held the monopoly of European trade with the Middle East. The silk and spice trade, involving spices, incense, herbs, drugs and opium, made these Mediterranean city-states phenomenally rich. Spices were among the most expensive and demanded products of the Middle Ages. They were all imported from Asia and Africa. Muslim traders—mainly descendants of Arab sailors from Yemen and Oman—dominated maritime routes throughout the Indian Ocean, tapping source regions in the Far East and shipping for trading emporiums in India, westward to Ormus in Persian Gulf and Jeddah in the Red Sea. From there, overland routes led to the Mediterranean coasts. Venetian merchants distributed then the goods through Europe until the rise of the Ottoman Empire, that eventually led to the fall of Constantinople in 1453, barring Europeans from important combined-land-sea routes.
Spice Route[edit]
Main article: Spice trade




Portuguese India Armadas and trade routes (blue) since Vasco da Gama's 1498 journey and the Spanish Manila-Acapulco galleons trade routes (white) established in 1568


As trade between India and the Greco-Roman world increased[62] spices became the main import from India to the Western world,[63] bypassing silk and other commodities.[64] The Indian commercial connection with South East Asia proved vital to the merchants of Arabia and Persia during the 7th and 8th centuries.[65]
The Abbasids used Alexandria, Damietta, Aden and Siraf as entry ports to India and China.[66] Merchants arriving from India in the port city of Aden paid tribute in form of musk, camphor, ambergris and sandalwood to Ibn Ziyad, the sultan of Yemen.[66] Moluccan products shipped across the ports of Arabia to the Near East passed through the ports of India and Sri Lanka.[67] Indian exports of spices find mention in the works of Ibn Khurdadhbeh (850 CE), al-Ghafiqi (1150), Ishak bin Imaran (907) and Al Kalkashandi (14th century).[67] After reaching either the Indian or the Sri Lankan ports, spices were sometimes shipped to East Africa, where they were used for many purposes, including burial rites.[67]
On the orders of Manuel I of Portugal, four vessels under the command of navigator Vasco da Gama rounded the Cape of Good Hope, continuing to the eastern coast of Africa to Malindi to sail across the Indian Ocean to Calicut.[68] The wealth of the Indies was now open for the Europeans to explore; the Portuguese Empire was one of the early European empires to grow from spice trade.[68]
Modern routes[edit]
The modern times saw development of newer means of transport and often controversial free trade agreements, which altered the political and logistical approach prevalent during the Middle Ages. Newer means of transport led to the establishment of new routes, and countries opened up borders to allow trade in mutually agreed goods as per the prevailing free trade agreement. Some old trading route were reopened during the modern times, although in different political and logistical scenarios.[69] The entry of harmful foreign pollutants by the way of trade routes has been a cause of alarm during the modern times.[70] A conservative estimate stresses that future damages from harmful animal and plant diseases may be as high as 134 billion US dollars in the absence of effective measures to prevent the introduction of unwanted pests through various trade routes.[70]
Wagonway routes[edit]
Main article: Wagonway
Networks, like the Santa Fe Trail and the Oregon Trail, became prominent in the United States with wagon trains gaining popularity as a mode of long distance overland transportation for both people and goods.[71] The Oregon-California routes were highly organized with planned rendezvous locations and essential supplies.[71] The settlers in the United States used these wagon trains - sometimes made up of 100 of more Conestoga wagons - for westward emigration during the 18th and the 19th centuries.[71] Among the challenges faced by the wagon route operators were crossing rivers, mountains and hostile Native Americans.[71] Preparations were also made according to the weather and protection of trade and travelers was ensured by a few guards on horseback.[71] Wagon freighting was also essential to American growth until it was replaced by the railroad and the truck.[71]
Railway routes[edit]
Main article: Railway




Route of the first American transcontinental railroad from Sacramento, California, to Council Bluffs, Iowa.


The 1844 Railway act of England compelled at least one train to a station every day with the third class fares priced at a penny a mile.[72] Trade benefited as the workers and the lower classes had the ability to travel to other towns frequently.[73] Suburban communities began to develop and towns began to spread outwards.[73] The British constructed a vast railway network in India, but it was considered to serve a strategic purpose in addition to the commercial purpose.[74] The efficient use of rail routes helped in the unification of the United States of America.[75]
The modern times saw nations struggle for the control of rail routes: The Trans-Siberian Railway was intended to be used by the Russian government for control of Manchuria and later China; the German forces wanted to establish Berlin-Baghdad Railway in order to influence the Near East; and the Austrian government planned a route from Vienna to Salonika for control of the Balkans.[75] According to the Encyclopædia Britannica (2002):

Railroads reached their maturity in the early 20th century, as trains carried the bulk of land freight and passenger traffic in the industrialized countries of the world. By the mid-20th century, however, they had lost their preeminent position. The private automobile had replaced the railroad for short passenger trips, while the airplane had usurped it for long-distance travel, especially in the United States. Railroads remained effective, however, for transporting people in high-volume situations, such as commuting between the centres of large cities and their suburbs, and medium-distance travel of less than about 300 miles between urban centres.
Although railroads have lost much of the general-freight-carrying business to semi-trailer trucks, they remain the best means of transporting large volumes of such bulk commodities as coal, grain, chemicals, and ore over long distances. The development of containerization has made the railroads more effective in handling finished merchandise at relatively high speeds. In addition, the introduction of piggyback flatcars, in which truck trailers are transported long distances on specially-designed cars, has allowed railroads to regain some of the business lost to trucking.

Modern road networks[edit]
Main article: Road




High-capacity freeway interchange in Los Angeles, California, USA.


The advent motor vehicles created a demand for better use of highways.[76] Roads evolved into two way roads, expressways, freeways and tollways during the modern times.[77] Existing roads were developed and highways were designed according to intended use.[76]
Trucks came into widespread use in the Western World during World War I, and quickly gained reputation as a means of long distance transportation of goods.[78] Modern highways, such as the Trans-Canada Highway, Highway 1 (Australia) and Pan-American Highway allowed transport of goods and services across great distances. Automobiles continue to play a crucial role in the economies of the Industrialized countries, resulting in rise of businesses such as motor freight operation and truck transportation.[76]
The emission rate for cars using highways has been on a decline between 1975 and 1995 due to regulations and the introduction of unleaded petrol.[79] This trend is especially notable since there has been a growth in vehicles and vehicle miles traveled by automobiles using these highways.[79]
Modern maritime routes[edit]
Further information: Ship transport and Shipping lane




Canals in the US circa 1825.


A consistent shift from land based trade to sea based trade has been recorded since the last three millennia.[80] The strategic advantages of port cities as trading centers are many: they are both less dependent on vital connections and less vulnerable to blockages.[81] Oceanic ports can help forge trading relationships with other parts of the world easily.[81]
Modern maritime trade routes - sometimes in the form of artificial canals like the Suez Canal - had visible impact on the economic and political standing of nations.[82] The opening of the Suez Canal altered British interactions with the colonies of the British Empire as the dynamics of transportation, trade and communication had now changed drastically.[82] Other waterways, like the Panama Canal played an important role in the histories of many nations.[83] Inland water transportation remained significantly important even as the advent of railroads and automobiles resulted in a steady decline of canals.[84] Inland water transport is still used for the transportation of bulk commodities e.g. grains, coal, and ore.[85]
Waterway commerce was historically important to Europe, particularly to Russia.[84] According to the Encyclopædia Britannica (2002): "Russia has been a significant beneficiary. Not only have inland waterways opened vast areas of its interior to development, but Moscow-linked to the White, Baltic, Black, Caspian, and Azov seas by canals and rivers-has become a major inland port."[84]
Oil spills are recorded both in case of maritime routes and pipeline routes to the main refineries.[86] Oil spills, amounting to as much as 7.56 billion liters of oil entering the oceans every year, occur due to damaged equipment or human error.[86]
Free trade areas[edit]
Main article: Free trade area




  European Free Trade Association member states.
  Former member states, now European Union member states.



Historically, many governments followed a policy of protection of trade.[4] International free trade became visible in 1860 with the Anglo-French commercial treaty, and the trend gained further momentum[why?] during the period after World War II.[4] According to The Columbia Encyclopedia, Sixth Edition:[4]

"After World War II, strong sentiment developed throughout the world against protection and high tariffs and in favor of freer trade. The results were new organizations and agreements on international trade such as the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (1948), the Benelux Economic Union (1948), the European Economic Community (Common Market, 1957), the European Free Trade Association (1959), Mercosur (the Southern Cone Common Market, 1991), and the World Trade Organization (1995). In 1993, the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) was approved by the governments of Canada, Mexico, and the United States. In the early 1990s, the nations of the European Union (the successor organization to the Common Market) undertook to remove all barriers to the free movement of trade and employment across their mutual borders."

In May 2004 the United States of America signed the American Free trade Agreement with five Central American nations.[4]
Air routes[edit]
Main article: Aviation




FedEx DC-10.


Air transport has become an indispensable part of modern society.[87] People have come to use air transport both for long and middle distances, with the average route length of long distances being 720 kilometers in Europe and 1220 kilometers in the US.[88] This industry annually carries 1.6 billion passengers worldwide, covers a 15 million kilometer network, and has an annual turnover of 260 billion dollars.[88]
This mode of transportation links national, international and global economies, making it vital to many other industries.[88] Newer trends of liberalization of trade have fostered routes among nations bound by agreements.[88] One such example, the American Open Skies policy, led to greater openness in many international markets, but some international restrictions have survived even during the present times.[88]
Express delivery through international cargo airlines touched US $20 billion in 1998 and, according to the World Trade Organization, is expected to triple in 2015.[89] In 1998, 50 pure cargo-service companies operated internationally.[89]
Air transport particularly favors light, expensive and small products: electronic media rather than books, for example, and refined drugs rather than bulk food.
Pipeline networks[edit]
Main article: Pipeline transport




Route of the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline.


The economic importance of pipeline transport - responsible for a high percentage of oil and natural gas transportation - is often undermined by the general public due to the lack of visibility of this mode.[90] Generally held to be safer and more economical and reliable than the other modes of transport, this mode has many advantages over rival modes, such as trucks and railways.[90] Examples of modern pipeline transport include Alashankou-Dushanzi Crude Oil Pipeline and Iran-Armenia Natural Gas Pipeline. International pipeline transport projects, like the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline, presently connect modern nation states—in this case, Azerbaijan, Georgia and Turkey—through pipeline networks.[91]
In some select cases, pipelines can even transport solids, such as coal and other minerals, over long distances; short distance transportation of goods such as grain, cement, concrete, solid wastes, pulp etc. is also feasible.[90]
Notes[edit]


^ a b c d e Burns 2003: 213.
^ Donkin 2003: 169.
^ a b c d Dollinger 1999: 62.
^ a b c d e "free trade; The Columbia Encyclopedia, Sixth Edition. 2001-05.". Archived from the original on 2007-08-03. Retrieved 22 October 2013. 
^ a b Denemark 2000: 274
^ a b Denemark 2000: 207
^ a b Denemark 2000: 208
^ Stearns 2001: 41.
^ Denemark 2000: 213.
^ Denemark 2000: 39.
^ a b c d Denemark 2000: 107.
^ Rawlinson 2001: 11-12.
^ Toutain 1979: 243.
^ Scarre 1995.
^ a b Stearns 2001: 37.
^ a b Roman road system (Encyclopædia Britannica 2002).
^ Denemark 2000: 124.
^ Denemark 2000: 126
^ Denemark 2000: 273.
^ "Traders of the Gold and Incense Road". Message of the Republic of Yemen, Berlin. 
^ "Incense Route - Desert Cities in the Negev". UNESCO. 
^ Glasse 2001: 59.
^ Kitchen 1994: 46.
^ Edwards 1969: 329.
^ Larsen 1983: 56.
^ a b Eckenstein 2005: 49.
^ a b Lach 1994: 13.
^ Kearney 2003: 42.
^ Denemark 2000: 252.
^ a b c d Denemark 2000: 239.
^ a b c d Denemark 2000: 241
^ a b c Elisseeff 2000: 326.
^ Elisseeff 2000: 5.
^ a b Elisseeff 2000: 14
^ a b c Elisseeff 2000: 158.
^ a b c Elisseeff 2000: 161.
^ a b c Elisseeff 2000: 163
^ Elisseeff 2000: 178.
^ Burns 2003: 216.
^ a b Burns 2003: 211.
^ Burns 2003: 229.
^ Burns 2003: 231.
^ Orlinsky 1981: 1064.
^ a b c d Orlinsky 1981: 1065
^ Silver 1983: 49.
^ "Art of Being Tuareg: Sahara Nomads in a modern world.". Smithsonian National Museum of African art. 
^ a b c d e f g western Africa, history of (Encyclopædia Britannica 2002)
^ Shaw 2003: 426.
^ Young 2001: 20.
^ .html "The Geography of Strabo" Check |url= value (help). Vol. I of the Loeb Classical Library edition, 1917. 
^ a b Halsall, Paul. "Ancient History Sourcebook: The Periplus of the Erythraean Sea: Travel and Trade in the Indian Ocean by a Merchant of the First Century". Fordham University. 
^ a b Lindsay 2006: 101
^ Freeman 2003: 72
^ Lach 1994: 18.
^ Curtin 1984: 100.
^ Holl 2003: 9.
^ Dollinger 1999: 9.
^ Dollinger 1999: 42.
^ Dollinger 1999: page 54
^ a b Dollinger 1999: page xix
^ a b Dollinger 1999: xx.
^ At any rate, when Gallus was prefect of Egypt, I accompanied him and ascended the Nile as far as Syene and the frontiers of Ethiopia, and I learned that as many as one hundred and twenty vessels were sailing from Myos Hormos to India, whereas formerly, under the Ptolemies, only a very few ventured to undertake the voyage and to carry on traffic in Indian merchandise. - Strabo (II.5.12.); Source.
^ Ball 2000: 131
^ Ball 2000: 137.
^ Donkin 2003: 59.
^ a b Donkin 2003: 91-92.
^ a b c Donkin 2003: 92
^ a b Gama, Vasco da. The Columbia Encyclopedia, Sixth Edition. Columbia University Press.
^ Historic India-China link opens (BBC)
^ a b Schulze & Ursprung 2003: 104
^ a b c d e f wagon train (Encyclopædia Britannica 2002)
^ Seaman 1973: 29-30.
^ a b Seaman 1973: 30.
^ Seaman 1973: 348
^ a b Seaman 1973: 379.
^ a b c automotive industry (Encyclopædia Britannica 2002)
^ roads and highways (Encyclopædia Britannica 2002).
^ truck (Encyclopædia Britannica 2002).
^ a b Schwela & Zali 2003: 156
^ Denemark 2000: 282
^ a b Denemark 2000: 283.
^ a b Carter 2004.
^ Major 1993.
^ a b c canal (Encyclopædia Britannica 2002).
^ canals and inland waterways (Encyclopædia Britannica 2002).
^ a b Krech et al. 2003: 966
^ Button 2004
^ a b c d e Button 2004: 9
^ a b Hindley 2004: 41.
^ a b c pipeline (Encyclopædia Britannica 2002)
^ BP Caspian: Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan Pipeline (Overview).


References[edit]

Stearns, Peter N.; William L. Langer (2001-09-24). The Encyclopedia of World History: Ancient, Medieval, and Modern, Chronologically Arranged. Houghton Mifflin Company. ISBN 0-395-65237-5. 
Rawlinson, Hugh George (2001). Intercourse Between India and the Western World: From the Earliest Times of the Fall of Rome. Asian Educational Services. ISBN 81-206-1549-2. 
Denemark, Robert Allen; el al. (2000). World System History: The Social Science of Long-Term Change. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-23276-7. 
Forbes, Andrew ; Henley, David (2011). China's Ancient Tea Horse Road. Chiang Mai: Cognoscenti Books. ASIN: B005DQV7Q2
Glasse, Cyril (2001). The New Encyclopedia of Islam. Rowman Altamira. ISBN 0-7591-0190-6. 
Kitchen, Kenneth Anderson (1994). Documentation for Ancient Arabia. Liverpool University Press. ISBN 0-85323-359-4. 
Edwards, I. E. S.; Boardman, John; Bury, John B.; Cook, S.A. (1969). The Cambridge Ancient History. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-22717-8. 
Larsen, Curtis E. (1983). Life and Land Use on the Bahrain Islands: The Geoarcheology of an Ancient Society. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-46906-9. 
Eckenstein, Lina (June 23, 2005). A History of Sinai. Adamant Media Corporation. ISBN 0-543-95215-0. 
Lach, Donald Frederick (1994). Asia in the Making of Europe: The Century of Discovery. Book 1. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 0-226-46731-7. 
Shaw, Ian (2003). The Oxford History of Ancient Egypt. Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-280458-8. 
Elisseeff, Vadime (2000). The Silk Roads: Highways of Culture and Commerce. Berghahn Books. ISBN 1-57181-221-0. 
Orlinsky, Harry Meyer (1981). Israel Exploration Journal Reader. KTAV Publishing House Inc. ISBN 0-87068-267-9. 
Silver, Morris (1983). Prophets and Markets: The Political Economy of Ancient Israel. Springer. ISBN 0-89838-112-6. 
Ball, Warwick (2000). Rome in the East: The Transformation of an Empire. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-11376-8. 
Donkin, Robin A. (2003). Between East and West: The Moluccas and the Traffic in Spices Up to the Arrival of Europeans. Diane Publishing Company. ISBN 0-87169-248-1. 
Burns, Thomas Samuel (2003). Rome and the Barbarians, 100 B.C.-A.D. 400. Johns Hopkins University Press. ISBN 0-8018-7306-1. 
Seaman, Lewis Charles Bernard (1973). Victorian England: Aspects of English and Imperial History 1837-1901. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-04576-2. 
Hindley, Brian (2004). Trade Liberalization in Aviation Services: Can the Doha Round Free Flight?. American Enterprise Institute. ISBN 0-8447-7171-6. 
Dollinger, Philippe (1999). The German Hansa. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-19072-X. 
"western Africa, history of.". Encyclopædia Britannica. Encyclopædia Britannica. 2002. 
Freeman, Donald B. (2003). The Straits of Malacca: Gateway Or Gauntlet?. McGill-Queen's Press. ISBN 0-7735-2515-7. 
Lindsay, W S (2006). History of Merchant Shipping and Ancient Commerce. Adamant Media Corporation. ISBN 0-543-94253-8. 
Holl, Augustin F. C. (2003). Ethnoarchaeology of Shuwa-Arab Settlements. Lexington Books. ISBN 0-7391-0407-1. 
Curtin, Philip DeArmond; el al. (1984). Cross-Cultural Trade in World History. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-26931-8. 
Young, Gary Keith (2001). Rome's Eastern Trade: International Commerce and Imperial Policy, 31 BC-AD 305. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-24219-3. 
Scarre, Chris (September 1995). The Penguin Historical Atlas of Ancient Rome. Penguin Books. ISBN 0-14-051329-9. 
Toutain, Jules (1979). The Economic Life of the Ancient World. Ayer Publishing. ISBN 0-405-11578-4. 
Carter, Mia; Harlow, Barbara (2004). Archives of Empire: From the East India Company to the Suez Canal. Duke University Press. ISBN 0-8223-3189-6. 
Major, John (1993). Prize Possession: The United States and the Panama Canal, 1903-1979. Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-52126-2. 
"Roman road system". Encyclopædia Britannica. 2002. 
"wagon train". Encyclopædia Britannica. 2002. 
"canal". Encyclopædia Britannica. 2002. 
"roads and highways". Encyclopædia Britannica. 2002. 
"automotive industry". Encyclopædia Britannica. 2002. 
"truck". Encyclopædia Britannica. 2002. 
"canals and inland waterways". Encyclopædia Britannica. 2002. 
"pipeline". Encyclopædia Britannica. 2002. 
Button, Kenneth John (2004). Wings Across Europe: Towards An Efficient European Air Transport System. Ashgate Publishing. ISBN 0-7546-4321-2. 
G. Schulze, Gunther; Ursprung, Heinrich W., eds. (January 2003). International Environmental Economics: A Survey of the Issues. USA: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-926111-3. 
Krech, Shepard; Merchant, Carolyn; McNeill, John Robert, eds. (October 2003). Encyclopedia of World Environmental History. USA: Routledge. ISBN 978-0-415-93735-1. 
Schwela, Dietrich; Zali, Olivier (November 1998). Urban Traffic Pollution. Taylor & Francis, Inc. ISBN 978-0-419-23720-4. 
Kearney, Milo (2003). The Indian Ocean in World History. Routledge. ISBN 0-415-31277-9. 

External links[edit]


Trade Routes: The Growth of Global Trade. ArchAtlas, Institute of Archaeology, University of Oxford.
Ancient Trade Routes between Europe and Asia. Department of Ancient Near Eastern Art, The Metropolitan Museum of Art




Wikimedia Commons has media related to Trade route.









v
t
e


Part of a series on trade routes






Amber Road
Hærvejen
Incense Route
Dvaravati–Kamboja route
King's Highway
Rome-India routes
Royal Road
Salt road
Siberian Route
Silk Road
Spice Route
Tea Horse Road
Varangians to the Greeks
Via Maris
Triangular trade
Volga trade route
Trans-Saharan trade
Old Salt Route
Maritime republics
Hanseatic League
Grand Trunk Road










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Trade_route&oldid=787556690"					
Categories: Trade routesHidden categories: Pages with URL errorsUse dmy dates from October 2013Articles containing Russian-language textArticles containing Swedish-language textArticles containing Greek-language textWikipedia articles needing clarification from October 2011Good articles 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


CatalàDeutschދިވެހިބަސްEspañolFrançais한국어हिन्दीÍslenskaKiswahiliLatinaNederlandsНохчийнPolskiPortuguêsРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиTagalogไทยУкраїнська 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 June 2017, at 01:55.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 














Supplier to US by Country
Datamyne


























































Making trade data work for you








 


Supplier to US by Country
 
 
 





 Back Next 
Abu DhabiAdmiralty IslandsAfghanistanAjmanAl AinAlbaniaAlgeriaAngolaAnguillaAntigua & BarbudaArgentinaArmeniaArubaAscension IslandAustraliaAustriaAzerbaijanBahamasBahrainBangladeshBarbadosBelarusBelgiumBelizeBeninBermudaBoliviaBosnia-herzegovinaBotswanaBrazilBruneiBulgariaBurkina-fasoBurundiCameroonCanadaCanadaCape VerdeCaroline IslandsCayman IslandsChadChileChinaColombiaComoros CongoCongo Democratic RepCosta RicaCroatiaCubaCyprusCzech RepublicDenmarkDjiboutiDominicaDominican RepublicDubaiEcuadorEgypt El SalvadorEnglandEquatorial GuineaEstoniaEthiopiaFaroe IslandsFijiFinlandFranceFrench GuianaFrench PolynesiaFujairahGabonGambiaGeorgiaGermany GhanaGibraltarGreeceGreenlandGrenadaGuadeloupeGuamGuatemalaGuinea  GuyanaHaitiHondurasHong KongHungaryIcelandIndiaIndonesiaIranIraqIreland IsraelItalyIvory CoastJamaicaJapanJordan


 Back Next 









                Search US import details FREE with Datamyne              





 





First Name



Last Name





Company



Email



Country  
                        
United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Phone





                          I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy






Get My Free Search
















 














































Datamyne - Making trade data work for you

















































































































 






Datamyne


Client Login


 

			User:

			

			Pass:

			

 Login



Forgot Password?



					Mac Users: Datamyne requires adjustments to your browser's security settings.  
View instructions HERE



					Minimum system reqs for Datamyne 3.0:



					IE 11 or higher, and current versions of Chrome, Firefox, and Safari are fully supported. Your browser must have JavaScript enabled. Please clear your cache if upgrading from 2.1. You may need to adjust security settings to enable Excel downloading.


					If you are having trouble logging in, please
CLICK HERE





Call 305.262.8600

Chat
Request Demo


 
 
 





The Power ofInternational Business Intelligence




 





Get easy access to the worlds largest searchable database covering the import / export trade of the Americas, Asia, Africa and the EU. 

 

 







Connect with our data specialists who know your marketsand are experts at trade data research and analysis. 

 

 







Rely on our ISO-certified performance ­– unique in the industry – for the highest quality information available to support your global business strategies. 

 

 







Explore LATAM opportunities with our coverage of 17 Latin Americancountries – ­ more data than any other source.  

 

 







New! Get the latest export manifest data – introducing nearreal-time data about US exporters and export movements.     

 

 


 


Request a Demo
 
 









The global import-export data you need to take your business across borders:
From import-export trends, to the tally of cargos for individual shippers or consignees, right down to the details of each transaction – you are just clicks away from information you need to gain market insights:
Manufacturers: identify & qualify alternate sources & find new markets for your products.
Transportation & logistics providers: project demand to plan services, allocate resources, focus your marketing & sales.
Financial & industry analysts: monitor commodity volumes & values, investigate inventory build-ups or cutbacks, size up players in the global marketplace. 
Importers/wholesalers: track your products, monitor your competitors.

Free Trial
Pricing
 


Take a quick tour
See all the benefits that Datamyne has to offer






 





Datamyne 3.0 makes the data easy to review and analyze. I love allthe filters and tabs, and the clean new look that takes full advantageof the wide screen. Mining millions of records is made easier, andcustomers can immediately get to the answers they need. 

Sherry Wang
President, Green Wave Ingredients 

 







With the enhanced Datamyne 3.0, I am able to research and extract datamuch more quickly. I like the simplicity of viewing the top 5 Carriers, ArrivalPorts, Countries of Origin, Places of Receipt and HS codes immediately,via the new filters. This is a much more user-friendly system, with multiplenew features, and I’m finding it very valuable for database research.  

Eleni Dallas-Demiris
Cluster Commercial Executive, United Arab Shipping Company 

 







Datamyne’s online subscription service has helped us refine our marketingefforts to reach businesses that can benefit from our Foreign-Trade Zone.This provides us with prime opportunities and greater success in generatingbusiness development, job creation, and economic expansion. 

Clara Bennett
Deputy Director of Fort Lauderdale’s Transportationand Mobility Department 

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 








Datamyne Blog
Subscribe to Blog RSS



28
Jul


U.S. OFAC SDN List of Sanctioned Venezuelans Lengthens
Thirteen current and former government officials in Venezuela are designated for sanctions that freeze their U.S. assets and bar U.S. persons from doing business…





21
Jul


Argentina Clears Mercosur-Egypt FTA for Take-off
With Argentine Congressional approval, the free trade agreement signed by trade bloc members and Egypt in 2010 will enter into force within a month.
Argentina…





13
Jul


NVOCC Share of U.S. Maritime Imports Edges Past 39 Percent
Free report from Descartes Datamyne ranks top 20 NVOCCs by import TEUs in first half 2017, reveals gains in volumes, NVOCC share of U.S….



More Blog »
 
 


Latest News

Logistics Managers Gain Insight from U.S. Port Report 2016
June 16, 2017


Dominican Rep. Commitment to EVs Drives Imports:  América Economía
May 26, 2017


Pharma Logistics: More Refrigerated Pharma Goods Go Ocean Freight
May 4, 2017


Data Delivers “Outside In” View of Supply Chains: Forbes on CaaS
April 20, 2017

More News »
 

@datamyne

Follow @datamyne
 
 
 
 







See How They Rank
U.S. Port Report 2016 Covers Top 20 in U.S. Imports
The Descartes Datamyne annual U.S. Port Report, sponsored by Port Technology International (PTI), ranks the top 20 U.S. maritime ports by import volumes, measured in TEUs (20-foot equivalent units, the standard measure of containerized cargo).  
The U.S. Port Report 2016 is designed as a quick reference, summarizing the ports’ import volumes in TEUs and number of shipments, tracking TEUs month-by-month, and comparing volumes year-over-year.
This year’s report also covers each port’s leading importers, master carrier partners, countries of origin, and the products (as identified by Harmonized System, or HS code) in this trade.  Read industry coverage of the report »
Click here to download your copy of the U.S. Port Report 2016 » 
More Free Maritime Data Reports:
Follow our monthly rankings by U.S. import volumes of the top U.S. ports, carriers and NVOCCs, posted to our free report library »
For a quick look at the NVOCCs leading the sector, see our free quarterly reports ranking the top 20 NVOCCs in US imports + breakout of TEUs by top 3 carriers.  Click to download the Top 20 NVOCCCs X  Top 3 Carriers Year-End 2016 Report »   and First-Quarter 2017 Report »
Learn More from Our Maritime Data:
More international coverage, more shipping details – delivered at top speed. Our data captures trade flow dynamics, supply/demand curves, and supports your competitive edge in transport and logistics. Learn more »




 
 
 
 









Chat

RequestDemo



 





















 






























Sweden - Wikipedia




















 







Sweden

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the country. For other uses, see Sweden (disambiguation).
For other uses of "Swedish" or the Swedish word "svensk(a)", see Swedish (disambiguation).
Coordinates: 63°N 16°E﻿ / ﻿63°N 16°E﻿ / 63; 16


Kingdom of Sweden
Konungariket Sverige[a]







Flag



Greater coat of arms






Motto: (royal) "För Sverige – i tiden"[a]
"For Sweden – With the Times"[1]




Anthem: Du gamla, Du fria[b]
Thou ancient, thou free









Royal anthem: Kungssången
Song of the King





Location of  Sweden  (dark green)
– in Europe  (green & dark grey)
– in the European Union  (green)  –  [Legend]





Capital
and largest city
Stockholm
59°21′N 18°4′E﻿ / ﻿59.350°N 18.067°E﻿ / 59.350; 18.067


Official languages
Swedish[c]


Ethnic groups
no official statistics[d]


Demonym



Swedish
Swede





Government
Unitary parliamentary
constitutional monarchy



• King

Carl XVI Gustaf



• Speaker

Urban Ahlin



• Prime Minister

Stefan Löfven



• Leader of the Opposition

Anna Kinberg Batra


Legislature
Riksdag


History



• A unified Swedish kingdom established

By the early 12th century



• Part of Kalmar Union

1397–1523



• Part of Swedish-Norwegian Union

4 November 1814 – August 1905[2]



• Joined the European Union

1 January 1995


Area



• Total

450,295 km2 (173,860 sq mi) (55th)



• Water (%)

8.7


Population



• 31 May 2017 census

10,042,928 [3] (90th)



• Density

22.0/km2 (57.0/sq mi) (196th)


GDP (PPP)
2016 estimate



• Total

$498.130 billion[4] (34th)



• Per capita

$49,678[4] (17th)


GDP (nominal)
2016 estimate



• Total

$517.440 billion[4] (21st)



• Per capita

$51,603[4] (11th)


Gini (2015)
 25.4[5]
low


HDI (2015)
 0.913[6]
very high · 14th


Currency
Swedish krona (SEK)


Time zone
CET (UTC+1)



• Summer (DST)

CEST (UTC+2)


Date format
yyyy-mm-dd


Drives on the
right[e]


Calling code
+46


ISO 3166 code
SE


Internet TLD
.se[f]





^ "För Sverige – I tiden" has been adopted by Carl XVI Gustaf as his personal motto.
^ Du gamla, Du fria has never been officially adopted as national anthem, but is so by convention.
^ Since 1 July 2009.[7][8] Five other languages are officially recognised as minority languages:[9] Finnish, Meänkieli, Romani, Sami, and Yiddish. The Swedish Sign Language also has a special status.
^ On 31 December 2012[update], approximately 27% of the population had a full or partial foreign background.[10][11]
^ Since 3 September 1967.
^ The .eu domain is also used, as it is shared with other European Union member states.





Sweden (Swedish: Sverige), officially the Kingdom of Sweden, is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe. It borders Norway to the west and north and Finland to the east, and is connected to Denmark in the southwest by a bridge-tunnel across the Öresund. At 450,295 square kilometres (173,860 sq mi), Sweden is the third-largest country in the European Union by area, but, with a total population of 10.0 million,[3] it has a low population density of 22 inhabitants per square kilometre (57/sq mi); the highest concentration is in the southern half of the country. Approximately 85% of the population lives in urban areas.[12]
Germanic peoples have inhabited Sweden since prehistoric times, emerging into history as the Geats/Götar and Swedes/Svear and constituting the sea peoples known as the Norsemen. Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural, while the north is heavily forested. Sweden is part of the geographical area of Fennoscandia. The climate is in general very mild for its northerly latitude due to significant maritime influence, that in spite of this still retains warm continental summers. Today, Sweden is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy, with a monarch as head of state. The capital city is Stockholm, which is also the most populous city in the country. Legislative power is vested in the 349-member unicameral Riksdag. Executive power is exercised by the government chaired by the prime minister. Sweden is a unitary state, currently divided into 21 counties and 290 municipalities.
Sweden emerged as an independent and unified country during the Middle Ages. In the 17th century, it expanded its territories to form the Swedish Empire, which became one of the great powers of Europe until the early 18th century. Swedish territories outside the Scandinavian Peninsula were gradually lost during the 18th and 19th centuries, ending with the annexation of present-day Finland by Russia in 1809. The last war in which Sweden was directly involved was in 1814, when Norway was militarily forced into personal union. Since then, Sweden has been at peace, maintaining an official policy of neutrality in foreign affairs.[13] The union with Norway was peacefully dissolved in 1905, leading to Sweden's current borders. Though Sweden was formally neutral through both world wars, Sweden engaged in humanitarian efforts, such as taking in refugees from German-occupied Europe.
After the end of the Cold War, Sweden joined the European Union on 1 January 1995, but declined NATO membership, as well as Eurozone membership following a referendum. It is also a member of the United Nations, the Nordic Council, Council of Europe, the World Trade Organization and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD). Sweden maintains a Nordic social welfare system that provides universal health care and tertiary education for its citizens. It has the world's eighth-highest per capita income and ranks highly in numerous metrics of national performance, including quality of life, health, education, protection of civil liberties, economic competitiveness, equality, prosperity and human development.[14][15][16][17][18][excessive citations]



Contents


1 Etymology
2 History

2.1 Prehistory
2.2 The Vikings
2.3 The Kingdom of Sweden
2.4 Swedish Empire
2.5 Modern history
2.6 World War I and World War II
2.7 Post-war era
2.8 Recent history


3 Geography

3.1 Climate


4 Politics

4.1 Constitutional framework
4.2 Political parties and elections
4.3 Administrative divisions
4.4 Political history
4.5 Judicial system
4.6 Foreign relations
4.7 Military


5 Economy

5.1 Energy
5.2 Transport
5.3 Public policy
5.4 Science and technology


6 Demographics

6.1 Language
6.2 Religion


7 Health
8 Education
9 Immigration
10 Culture

10.1 Music
10.2 Architecture
10.3 Media
10.4 Literature
10.5 Holidays
10.6 Cuisine
10.7 Cinema
10.8 Fashion
10.9 Sports


11 See also
12 Notes
13 References
14 Further reading
15 External links



Etymology
Main article: Name of Sweden
Sweden (/ˈswiːdən/ ( listen) SWEE-dən; Swedish: Sverige [ˈsværjɛ]  listen (help·info)), officially the Kingdom of Sweden (Swedish:  Konungariket Sverige (help·info)), is a Scandinavian country in Northern Europe.
The modern name Sweden is derived through back-formation from Old English Swēoþēod, which meant "people of the Swedes" (Old Norse Svíþjóð, Latin Suetidi).[citation needed] This word is derived from Sweon/Sweonas (Old Norse Sviar, Latin Suiones). The Swedish name Sverige (a compound of the words Svea and Rike, with lenition of the consonant [k], first recorded in the cognate Swēorice in Beowulf)[19] literally means "Realm of the Swedes", excluding the Geats in Götaland.
Variations of the name Sweden are used in most languages, with the exception of Danish and Norwegian using Sverige, Faroese Svøríki, Icelandic Svíþjóð, and the more notable exception of some Finnic languages where Ruotsi (Finnish) and Rootsi (Estonian) are used, names commonly considered etymologically related to the English name for Russia, referring to the people, Rus', originally from the coastal areas of Roslagen, Uppland.
The etymology of Swedes, and thus Sweden, is generally not agreed upon but may derive from Proto-Germanic Swihoniz meaning "one's own",[20] referring to one's own Germanic tribe.
History





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


Main article: History of Sweden
Prehistory
Main article: Prehistoric Sweden




A Vendel-era helmet, at the Swedish Museum of National Antiquities


Sweden's prehistory begins in the Allerød oscillation,[according to whom?] a warm period around 12,000 BC, with Late Palaeolithic reindeer-hunting camps of the Bromme culture at the edge of the ice in what is now the country's southernmost province, Scania. This period was characterised by small bands of hunter-gatherer-fishers using flint technology.
Sweden is first described in a written source in Germania by Tacitus in 98 AD. In Germania 44 and 45 he mentions the Swedes (Suiones) as a powerful tribe (distinguished not merely for their arms and men, but for their powerful fleets) with ships that had a prow at each end (longships). Which kings (kuningaz) ruled these Suiones is unknown, but Norse mythology presents a long line of legendary and semi-legendary kings going back to the last centuries BC. As for literacy in Sweden itself, the runic script was in use among the south Scandinavian elite by at least the 2nd century AD, but all that has come down to the present from the Roman Period is curt inscriptions on artefacts, mainly of male names, demonstrating that the people of south Scandinavia spoke Proto-Norse at the time, a language ancestral to Swedish and other North Germanic languages.[non-primary source needed]
In the 6th century Jordanes names two tribes living in Scandza, both of which are now considered to be synonymous with the Swedes: the Suetidi and Suehans. Suetidi is considered to be the Latin form of Svíþjóð, the Old Norse name for the Swedes. Jordanes describes the Suetidi and Dani as being of the same stock and the tallest of people. He later mentions other Scandinavian tribes as being of a same stature.[non-primary source needed] The Suehans were known to the Roman world as suppliers of black fox skins and, according to Jordanes, had very fine horses, similar to those of the Thyringi of Germania (alia vero gens ibi moratur Suehans, quae velud Thyringi equis utuntur eximiis). The Icelandic historian Snorri Sturluson also wrote that the Swedish king Adils (Eadgils) had the finest horses of his day.
The Vikings
See also: Early Swedish history, Foundation of Modern Sweden, and Varangians




Viking expeditions (blue): going into Russia were Swedish Vikings.


The Swedish Viking Age lasted roughly from the 8th century to the 11th century. It is believed that Swedish Vikings and Gutar mainly travelled east and south, going to Finland, the Baltic countries, Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, the Black Sea and even as far as Baghdad. Their routes passed through the Dnieper south to Constantinople, on which they carried out numerous raids. The Byzantine Emperor Theophilos noticed their great skills in war, and invited them to serve as his personal bodyguard, known as the Varangian Guard. The Swedish Vikings, called Rus are believed to be the founding fathers of Kievan Rus'. The Arab traveller Ibn Fadlan described these Vikings as follows:

I have seen the Rus as they came on their merchant journeys and encamped by the Itil. I have never seen more perfect physical specimens, tall as date palms, blond and ruddy; they wear neither tunics nor caftans, but the men wear a garment which covers one side of the body and leaves a hand free. Each man has an axe, a sword, and a knife, and keeps each by him at all times. The swords are broad and grooved, of Frankish sort.[21]





Ales stones.


The actions of these Swedish Vikings are commemorated on many runestones in Sweden, such as the Greece runestones and the Varangian runestones. There was also considerable participation in expeditions westwards, which are commemorated on stones such as the England runestones. The last major Swedish Viking expedition appears to have been the ill-fated expedition of Ingvar the Far-Travelled to Serkland, the region south-east of the Caspian Sea. Its members are commemorated on the Ingvar runestones, none of which mentions any survivor. What happened to the crew is unknown, but it is believed that they died of sickness.
The Kingdom of Sweden





This section possibly contains previously unpublished synthesis of published material that conveys ideas not attributable to the original sources. Relevant discussion may be found on the talk page. (May 2015) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


It is not known when and how the kingdom of Sweden was born, but the list of Swedish monarchs is drawn from the first kings known to have ruled both Svealand (Sweden) and Götaland (Gothia) as one province, beginning with Eric the Victorious. Sweden and Gothia were two separate nations long before that into antiquity. It is not known how long they existed: the epic poem Beowulf describes semi-legendary Swedish-Geatish wars in the 6th century. "Götaland" in this sense mainly includes the provinces of Östergötland (East Gothia) and Västergötland (West Gothia). The island of Gotland was disputed by other than Swedes, at this time (Danish, Hanseatic, and Gotland-domestic). Småland was at that time of little interest to anyone due to the deep pine forests, and only the city of Kalmar with its castle was of importance. The south-west parts of the Scandinavian peninsula consisted of three Danish provinces (Scania, Blekinge and Halland). North of Halland Denmark had a direct border to Norway and its province Bohuslän. But there were Swedish settlements in south-west Finland, and along the southern coastline of Norrland.




Gamla Uppsala (Old Uppsala), a site of religious and political importance in the early days of Sweden


During the early stages of the Scandinavian Viking Age, Ystad in Danish province Scania and Paviken on Gotland, were flourishing centres of trade, but they were not parts of the early Swedish Kingdom. Remains of what is believed to have been a large market dating from 600–700 AD have been found in Ystad.[22] In Paviken, an important centre of trade in the Baltic region during the 9th and 10th century, remains have been found of a large Viking Age harbour with shipbuilding yards and handicraft industries. Between 800 and 1000, trade brought an abundance of silver to Gotland, and according to some scholars, the Gotlanders of this era hoarded more silver than the rest of the population of Scandinavia combined.[22]
St. Ansgar is usually credited with introducing Christianity in 829, but the new religion did not begin to fully replace paganism until the 12th century. During the 11th century, Christianity became the most prevalent religion, and from 1050 Sweden is counted as a Christian nation. The period between 1100 and 1400 was characterised by internal power struggles and competition among the Nordic kingdoms. In the years 1150–1293 according to the legend of Eric IX and the Eric Chronicles and Swedish kings made first, second and third crusade to pagan Finland against Finns, Tavastians and Karelians and started conflicts with the Rus with who no longer had any connection with Sweden.[23] The Swedish colonisation of the coastal areas of Finland started at the same time in 12th and 13th century.[24][25] In 14th century Swedish colonisation of coastal areas of Finland began to be more organised and in the end of the century several of the coastal areas of Finland were inhabitet mostly by Swedes.[26]
Except for the provinces of Scania, Blekinge and Halland, in the south-west of the Scandinavian peninsula which were parts of the Kingdom of Denmark during this time, feudalism never developed in Sweden as it did in the rest of Europe.[27] The peasantry therefore remained largely a class of free farmers throughout most of Swedish history. Slavery (also called thralldom) was not common in Sweden,[28] and what slavery there was tended to be driven out of existence by the spread of Christianity, the difficulty in obtaining slaves from the lands east of the Baltic Sea, and by the development of cities before the 16th century.[29] Indeed, both slavery and serfdom were abolished altogether by a decree of King Magnus IV in 1335. Former slaves tended to be absorbed into the peasantry, and some became labourers in the towns. Still, Sweden remained a poor and economically backward country in which barter was the means of exchange. For instance, the farmers of the province of Dalsland would transport their butter to the mining districts of Sweden and exchange it there for iron, which they would then take to the coast and trade for fish, which they consumed, while the iron would be shipped abroad.[30]




A romantic nationalist interpretation of Valdemar IV taking control over Gotland. The final battle outside the walls of Visby in 1361 ended with a massacre of 1,800 defenders of the city.


In the middle of the 14th century, Sweden was struck by the Black Death.[31] The population of Sweden and most of Europe was seriously decimated. And the population (at same territory) as existed by 1348 did not reach the same numbers again until the beginning of the 19th century. One third of the population died during 1349–1351. During this period, the Swedish cities began to acquire greater rights and were strongly influenced by German merchants of the Hanseatic League, active especially at Visby. In 1319, Sweden and Norway were united under King Magnus Eriksson, and in 1397 Queen Margaret I of Denmark effected the personal union of Sweden, Norway, and Denmark through the Kalmar Union. However, Margaret's successors, whose rule was also centred in Denmark, were unable to control the Swedish nobility.
A large number of children inherited the Swedish crown over the course of the kingdom's existence; consequently real power was held for long periods by regents (notably those of the Sture family) chosen by the Swedish parliament. King Christian II of Denmark, who asserted his claim to Sweden by force of arms, ordered a massacre in 1520 of Swedish nobles in Stockholm. This came to be known as the "Stockholm blood bath" and stirred the Swedish nobility to new resistance and, on 6 June (now Sweden's national holiday) in 1523, they made Gustav Vasa their king.[32] This is sometimes considered as the foundation of modern Sweden. Shortly afterwards he rejected Catholicism and led Sweden into the Protestant Reformation.
The Hanseatic League had been officially formed at Lübeck on the Baltic coast of Northern Germany in 1356. The Hanseatic League sought civil and commercial privileges from the princes and royalty of the countries and cities along the coasts of the Baltic Sea.[33] In exchange, they offered a certain amount of protection. Having their own navy, the Hansa were able to sweep the Baltic Sea free of pirates.[34] The privileges obtained by the Hansa included assurances that only Hansa citizens would be allowed to trade from the ports where they were located. They sought agreement to be free of all customs and taxes. With these concessions, Lübeck merchants flocked to Stockholm, where they soon came to dominate the city's economic life and made the port city of Stockholm into the leading commercial and industrial city of Sweden.[35] Under the Hanseatic trade, two-thirds of Stockholm's imports consisted of textiles and one-third of salt. The main exports from Sweden were iron and copper.[36]
However, the Swedes began to resent the monopoly trading position of the Hansa (mostly German citizens), and to resent the income they felt they lost to the Hansa. Consequently, when Gustav Vasa or Gustav I broke the monopoly power of the Hanseatic League he was regarded as a hero by the Swedish people.[37] History now views Gustav I as the father of the modern Swedish nation. The foundations laid by Gustav would take time to develop. Furthermore, when Sweden did develop, freed itself from the Hanseatic League, and entered its golden era, the fact that the peasantry had traditionally been free meant that more of the economic benefits flowed back to them rather than going to a feudal landowning class.[38]
Swedish Empire




The Swedish Empire between 1611 and 1815, absolute peak 1658-60


See also: History of Sweden (1611–48), Swedish Empire, Swedish overseas colonies, Age of Liberty, Gustavian era, Sweden–Finland, and Union between Sweden and Norway
During the 17th century Sweden emerged as a European great power. Before the emergence of the Swedish Empire, Sweden was a poor and scarcely populated country on the fringe of European civilisation, with no significant power or reputation. Sweden rose to prominence on a continental scale during the tenure of king Gustavus Adolphus, seizing territories from Russia and Poland–Lithuania in multiple conflicts, including the Thirty Years' War.
During the Thirty Years' War, Sweden conquered approximately half of the Holy Roman states. Gustav Adolphus planned to become the new Holy Roman Emperor, ruling over a united Scandinavia and the Holy Roman states, but he died at the Battle of Lützen in 1632. After the Battle of Nördlingen, Sweden's only significant military defeat of the war, pro-Swedish sentiment among the German states faded. These German provinces excluded themselves from Swedish power one by one, leaving Sweden with only a few northern German territories: Swedish Pomerania, Bremen-Verden and Wismar.




Stockholm in mid-17th century


In the middle of the 17th century Sweden was the third-largest country in Europe by land area, only surpassed by Russia and Spain. Sweden reached its largest territorial extent under the rule of Charles X after the treaty of Roskilde in 1658.[39][40] The foundation of Sweden's success during this period is credited to Gustav I's major changes to the Swedish economy in the 16th century, and his introduction of Protestantism.[41] In the 17th century, Sweden was engaged in many wars, for example with the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, with both sides competing for territories of today's Baltic states, with the disastrous Battle of Kircholm being one of the highlights.[42] One-third of the Finnish population died in the devastating famine that struck the country in 1696.[43] Famine also hit Sweden, killing roughly 10% of Sweden's population.[44]
The Swedes conducted a series of invasions into the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, known as the Deluge. After more than half a century of almost constant warfare, the Swedish economy had deteriorated. It became the lifetime task of Charles' son, Charles XI, to rebuild the economy and refit the army. His legacy to his son, the coming ruler of Sweden, Charles XII, was one of the finest arsenals in the world, a large standing army and a great fleet. Sweden's largest threat at this time, Russia, had a larger army but was far behind in both equipment and training.




Death of Gustav II Adolf at the Battle of Lützen


After the Battle of Narva in 1700, one of the first battles of the Great Northern War, the Russian army was so severely devastated that Sweden had an open chance to invade Russia. However, Charles did not pursue the Russian army, instead turning against Poland–Lithuania and defeating the Polish king, Augustus II, and his Saxon allies at the Battle of Klissow in 1702. This gave Russia time to rebuild and modernise its army.
After the success of invading Poland, Charles decided to make an attempt at invading Russia, but this ended in a decisive Russian victory at the Battle of Poltava in 1709. After a long march exposed to Cossack raids, the Russian Tsar Peter the Great's scorched-earth techniques and the extremely cold winter of 1709, the Swedes stood weakened with a shattered morale and were enormously outnumbered against the Russian army at Poltava. The defeat meant the beginning of the end for the Swedish Empire. In addition, the plague raging in East Central Europe devastated the Swedish dominions and reached Central Sweden in 1710.




The Battle of Poltava in 1709. In the years following Poltava, Russia and her allies occupied all the Swedish dominions on the Baltic coast and even Finland.


Charles XII attempted to invade Norway in 1716, but he was shot dead at Fredriksten fortress in 1718. The Swedes were not militarily defeated at Fredriksten, but the whole structure and organisation of the campaign fell apart with the king's death, and the army withdrew.
Forced to cede large areas of land in the Treaty of Nystad in 1721, Sweden also lost its place as an empire and as the dominant state on the Baltic Sea. With Sweden's lost influence, Russia emerged as an empire and became one of Europe's dominant nations. As the war finally ended in 1721, Sweden had lost an estimated 200,000 men, 150,000 of those from the area of present-day Sweden and 50,000 from the Finnish part of Sweden.[45]
In the 18th century, Sweden did not have enough resources to maintain its territories outside Scandinavia, and most of them were lost, culminating with the loss in 1809 of eastern Sweden to Russia, which became the highly autonomous Grand Principality of Finland in Imperial Russia.
In interest of re-establishing Swedish dominance in the Baltic Sea, Sweden allied itself against its traditional ally and benefactor, France, in the Napoleonic Wars. Sweden's role in the Battle of Leipzig gave it the authority to force Denmark–Norway, an ally of France, to cede Norway to the King of Sweden on 14 January 1814 in exchange for northern German provinces, at the Treaty of Kiel. The Norwegian attempts to keep their status as a sovereign state were rejected by the Swedish king, Charles XIII. He launched a military campaign against Norway on 27 July 1814, ending in the Convention of Moss, which forced Norway into a personal union with Sweden under the Swedish crown, which lasted until 1905. The 1814 campaign was the last time Sweden was at war.
Modern history
See also: Modernization of Sweden and Swedish emigration to the United States




Illustration of starvation in northern Sweden, Famine of 1866–1868


The Swedish East India Company, Ostindiska Kompaniet, began in 1731. The obvious choice of home port was Gothenburg at Sweden's west coast, the mouth of Göta älv river is very wide and has the county's largest and best harbour for high seas journeys. The trade continued into the 19th Century, and caused the little town to become Sweden's second city.[46] There was a significant population increase during the 18th and 19th centuries, which the writer Esaias Tegnér in 1833 attributed to "the peace, the smallpox vaccine, and the potatoes".[47] Between 1750 and 1850, the population in Sweden doubled. According to some scholars, mass emigration to America became the only way to prevent famine and rebellion; over 1% of the population emigrated annually during the 1880s.[48] Nevertheless, Sweden remained poor, retaining a nearly entirely agricultural economy even as Denmark and Western European countries began to industrialise.[48][49]




Swedish emigrants boarding ship in Gothenburg in 1905


Many looked towards America for a better life during this time. It is thought that between 1850 and 1910 more than one million Swedes moved to the United States.[50] In the early 20th century, more Swedes lived in Chicago than in Gothenburg (Sweden's second largest city).[51] Most Swedish immigrants moved to the Midwestern United States, with a large population in Minnesota, with a few others moving to other parts of the United States and Canada.
Despite the slow rate of industrialisation into the 19th century, many important changes were taking place in the agrarian economy due to constant innovations and a rapid population growth.[52] These innovations included government-sponsored programmes of enclosure, aggressive exploitation of agricultural lands, and the introduction of new crops such as the potato.[52] Because the Swedish peasantry had never been enserfed as elsewhere in Europe,[53] the Swedish farming culture began to take on a critical role in Swedish politics, which has continued through modern times with modern Agrarian party (now called the Centre Party).[54] Between 1870 and 1914, Sweden began developing the industrialised economy that exists today.[55]
Strong grassroots movements sprung up in Sweden during the latter half of the 19th century (trade unions, temperance groups, and independent religious groups), creating a strong foundation of democratic principles. In 1889 The Swedish Social Democratic Party was founded. These movements precipitated Sweden's migration into a modern parliamentary democracy, achieved by the time of World War I. As the Industrial Revolution progressed during the 20th century, people gradually moved into cities to work in factories and became involved in socialist unions. A communist revolution was avoided in 1917, following the re-introduction of parliamentarism, and the country was democratised.
World War I and World War II
Main articles: Sweden during World War I and Sweden during World War II
Sweden was officially neutral during World War I, although, under German pressure, they did take steps which were detrimental to the Allied powers including mining the Øresund channel, thus closing it to Allied shipping, and allowing the Germans to use Swedish facilities and the Swedish cipher to transmit secret messages to their overseas embassies.[56] Sweden also allowed volunteers fighting for the White Guards together with the Germans against the Reds and Russians in the Finnish Civil War, and briefly occupied the Aland islands in co-operation with Germany.




A Swedish soldier during World War II. Sweden remained neutral during the conflict.






Oskar Friberg is the last male Estonian Swede on the island of Vormsi who outlived the Soviet Occupation


As in the first world war, Sweden remained officially neutral during World War II, although its neutrality during World War II has been disputed.[57][58] Sweden was under German influence for much of the war, as ties to the rest of the world were cut off through blockades.[57] The Swedish government felt that it was in no position to openly contest Germany,[59] and therefore made some concessions.[60] Sweden also supplied steel and machined parts to Germany throughout the war. However, Sweden supported Norwegian resistance, and in 1943 helped rescue Danish Jews from deportation to Nazi concentration camps. The Swedish government also unofficially supported Finland in the Winter War and the Continuation War by allowing volunteers and materiel to be shipped to Finland.
During the last year of the war, Sweden began to play a role in humanitarian efforts, and many refugees, among them several thousand Jews from Nazi-occupied Europe, were rescued thanks to the Swedish rescue missions to internment camps and partly because Sweden served as a haven for refugees, primarily from the Nordic countries and the Baltic states.[59] The Swedish diplomat Raoul Wallenberg and his colleagues ensured the safety of tens of thousands of Hungarian Jews.[61] Nevertheless, both Swedes and others have argued that Sweden could have done more to oppose the Nazis' war efforts, even if it meant increasing the risk of occupation.[59]
Post-war era




Prime Minister Tage Erlander (left) was Prime Minister under the ruling Swedish Social Democratic Party from 1946 to 1969.


Sweden was officially a neutral country and remained outside NATO and Warsaw Pact membership during the Cold War, but privately Sweden's leadership had strong ties with the United States and other western governments. Following the war, Sweden took advantage of an intact industrial base, social stability and its natural resources to expand its industry to supply the rebuilding of Europe.[62] Sweden received aid under the Marshall Plan and participated in the OECD. During most of the post-war era, the country was governed by the Swedish Social Democratic Party largely in co-operation with trade unions and industry. The government actively pursued an internationally competitive manufacturing sector of primarily large corporations.[63]
Sweden was one of the founding states of the European Free Trade Area (EFTA). During the 1960s the EFTA countries were often referred to as the Outer Seven, as opposed to the Inner Six of the then-European Economic Community (EEC).[64]
Sweden, like countries around the globe, entered a period of economic decline and upheaval following the oil embargoes of 1973–74 and 1978–79.[65] In the 1980s pillars of Swedish industry were massively restructured.[by whom?] Shipbuilding was discontinued, wood pulp was integrated into modernised paper production, the steel industry was concentrated and specialised, and mechanical engineering was robotised.[66]
Between 1970 and 1990 the overall tax burden rose by over 10%, and the growth was low compared to other countries in Western Europe. Eventually government began to spend over half of the country's gross domestic product. Sweden GDP per capita ranking declined during this time.[63]
Recent history
See also: History of Sweden (1991–present)




Sweden joined the European Union in 1995 and signed the Lisbon Treaty in 2007.






Fredrik Reinfeldt's center-right government ruled Sweden from 2006 until 2014.


A bursting real estate bubble caused by inadequate controls on lending combined with an international recession and a policy switch from anti-unemployment policies to anti-inflationary policies resulted in a fiscal crisis in the early 1990s.[67] Sweden's GDP declined by around 5%. In 1992, a run on the currency caused the central bank to briefly increase interest rates to 500%.[68][69]
The response of the government was to cut spending and institute a multitude of reforms to improve Sweden's competitiveness, among them reducing the welfare state and privatising public services and goods. Much of the political establishment promoted EU membership, and a referendum passed with 52.3% in favour of joining the EU on 13 November 1994. Sweden joined the European Union on 1 January 1995. In a 2003 referendum the Swedish electorate voted against the country joining the Euro currency. In 2006 Sweden got its first majority government for decades as the centre-right Alliance defeated the incumbent Social Democrat government. Following the rapid growth of anti-immigration Sweden Democrats and their entrance to the Riksdag in 2010 the Alliance became a minority cabinet.
Sweden remains non-aligned militarily, although it participates in some joint military exercises with NATO and some other countries, in addition to extensive co-operation with other European countries in the area of defence technology and defence industry. Among others, Swedish companies export weapons that were used by the American military in Iraq.[70] Sweden also has a long history of participating in international military operations, including most recently, Afghanistan, where Swedish troops are under NATO command, and in EU sponsored peacekeeping operations in Kosovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Cyprus. Sweden also participated in enforcing a UN mandated no-fly zone over Libya during the Arab Spring. Sweden held the chair of the European Union from 1 July to 31 December 2009.
In recent decades Sweden has become a more culturally diverse nation due to significant immigration; in 2013 it was estimated that 15 per cent of the population was foreign-born, and an additional 5 per cent of the population were born to two immigrant parents. The influx of immigrants has brought new social challenges. Violent incidents have periodically occurred[71][72] including the 2013 Stockholm riots which broke out following the police shooting of an elderly Portuguese immigrant.[73] In response to these violent events, the anti-immigration opposition party, the Swedish Democrats, promoted their anti-immigration policies, while the left-wing opposition blamed growing inequality caused by the centre-right government's socioeconomic policies.[74]




Current prime minister, Stefan Löfven


In 2014 Stefan Löfven won the General Election and became the new Swedish Prime Minister. The Sweden Democrats held the balance of power and voted the government's budget down in the Riksdag, but due to agreements between the government and the Alliance, the government was able to hang onto power.[75] Sweden was heavily affected by the 2015 European migrant crisis, eventually forcing the government to tighten regulations of entry to the country, as Sweden received thousands of asylum seekers and migrants predominantly from Africa and the Middle East per week in autumn, overwhelming existing structures.[76]
Geography
Main article: Geography of Sweden




View of the Stora Sjöfallet National Park


Situated in Northern Europe, Sweden lies west of the Baltic Sea and Gulf of Bothnia, providing a long coastline, and forms the eastern part of the Scandinavian Peninsula. To the west is the Scandinavian mountain chain (Skanderna), a range that separates Sweden from Norway. Finland is located to its north-east. It has maritime borders with Denmark, Germany, Poland, Russia, Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, and it is also linked to Denmark (south-west) by the Öresund Bridge. Its border with Norway (1,619 km long) is the longest uninterrupted border within Europe.
Sweden lies between latitudes 55° and 70° N, and mostly between longitudes 11° and 25° E (part of Stora Drammen island is just west of 11°).
At 449,964 km2 (173,732 sq mi), Sweden is the 55th-largest country in the world,[77] the 4th-largest country entirely in Europe, and the largest in Northern Europe. The lowest elevation in Sweden is in the bay of Lake Hammarsjön, near Kristianstad, at −2.41 m (−7.91 ft) below sea level. The highest point is Kebnekaise at 2,111 m (6,926 ft) above sea level.
Sweden has 25 provinces or landskap (landscapes), based on culture, geography and history. While these provinces serve no political or administrative purpose, they play an important role in people's self-identity. The provinces are usually grouped together in three large lands, parts, the northern Norrland, the central Svealand and southern Götaland. The sparsely populated Norrland encompasses almost 60% of the country. Sweden also has the Vindelfjällen Nature Reserve, one of the largest protected areas in Europe, totaling 562,772 ha (approx. 5,628 km2).
About 15% of Sweden lies north of the Arctic Circle. Southern Sweden is predominantly agricultural, with increasing forest coverage northward. Around 65% of Sweden's total land area is covered with forests. The highest population density is in the Öresund Region in southern Sweden, along the western coast up to central Bohuslän, and in the valley of lake Mälaren and Stockholm. Gotland and Öland are Sweden's largest islands; Vänern and Vättern are its largest lakes. Vänern is the third largest in Europe, after Lake Ladoga and Lake Onega in Russia. Combined with the third and fourth largest lakes Mälaren and Hjälmaren, these lakes take up a significant part of the southern Sweden's area. Sweden's extensive waterway availability throughout the south was exploited with the building of the Göta Canal in the 19th century, shortening the potential distance between the Baltic Sea south of Norrköping and Gothenburg by using the lake and river network to facilitate the canal.[78]
Climate




Köppen climate classification types of Sweden


Most of Sweden has a temperate climate, despite its northern latitude, with largely four distinct seasons and mild temperatures throughout the year. The winter in the far south is usually weak and is only manifested through some shorter periods with snow and sub-zero temperatures, autumn may well turn into spring there, without a distinct period of winter. The country can be divided into three types of climate: the southernmost part has an oceanic climate, the central part has a humid continental climate and the northernmost part has a subarctic climate. However, Sweden is much warmer and drier than other places at a similar latitude, and even somewhat farther south, mainly because of the combination of the Gulf Stream[79][80] and the general west wind drift, caused by the direction of planet Earth's rotation. Continental west-coasts (to which entire Scandinavia belongs, as the westernmost part of the Euraisian continent) are notably warmer than continental east-coasts. (This can also be seen by comparing f.i. the Canadian cities of Vancouver and Halifax, Nova Scotia with each other, the winter at west coast Vancouver is the much milder one.) And for example, central and southern Sweden has much milder winters than many parts of Russia, Canada, and the northern United States.[81] Because of its high latitude, the length of daylight varies greatly. North of the Arctic Circle, the sun never sets for part of each summer, and it never rises for part of each winter. In the capital, Stockholm, daylight lasts for more than 18 hours in late June but only around 6 hours in late December. Sweden receives between 1,100 and 1,900 hours of sunshine annually.[82] During July are the temperature difference between north and south not large. With exception of the mountains has the entire country a July-average temperature within the range of +15.0 C to + 17.5 C (a difference of 2.5 degrees), while the January-average temperatures varies between the freezing point down to below -15 C along the border to Finland (a difference of 15 degrees)[83]





The Scandinavian Mountains


The highest temperature ever recorded in Sweden was 38 °C (100 °F) in Målilla in 1947, while the coldest temperature ever recorded was −52.6 °C (−62.7 °F) in Vuoggatjålme in 1966. Temperatures expected in Sweden are heavily influenced by the large Fennoscandian landmass, as well as continental Europe and western Russia, which allows hot or cool inland air to be easily transported to Sweden. That in turn renders most of Sweden's southern areas having warmer summers than almost everywhere in the nearby British Isles, even matching temperatures found along the continental Atlantic coast as far south as in northern Spain. In winter however the same high-pressure systems sometimes puts the entire country far below freezing temperatures. There is some maritime moderation from the Atlantic which renders the Swedish continental climate less severe than that of nearby Russia. Even though temperature patterns differ between north and south, the summer climate is surprisingly similar all through the entire country in spite of the large latitudal differences. This is due to the south being surrounded by a greater mass of water, with the wider Baltic Sea and the Atlantic air passing over lowland areas from the south-west.
Apart from the ice-free Atlantic bringing marine air into Sweden tempering winters, the mildness is further explained by prevailing low-pressure systems postponing winter, with the long nights often staying above freezing in the south of the country due to the abundant cloud cover. By the time winter finally breaks through, daylight hours rise quickly, ensuring that daytime temperatures soar quickly in spring. With the greater number of clear nights, frosts remain commonplace quite far south as late as April. The cold winters occur when low-pressure systems are weaker. An example is that the coldest ever month (January 1987) in Stockholm was also the sunniest January month on record.[84][85]
The relative strength of low and high-pressure systems of marine and continental air also define the highly variable summers. When hot continental air hits the country, the long days and short nights frequently bring temperatures up to 30 °C (86 °F) or above even in coastal areas. Nights normally remain cool, especially in inland areas. Coastal areas can see so-called tropical nights above 20 °C (68 °F) occur due to the moderating sea influence during warmer summers.[86] Summers can be cool, especially in the north of the country. Transitional seasons are normally quite extensive and the four-season climate applies to most of Sweden's territory, except in Scania where some years do not record a meteorological winter (see table below) or in the high Lapland mountains where polar microclimates exist.
On average, most of Sweden receives between 500 and 800 mm (20 and 31 in) of precipitation each year, making it considerably drier than the global average. The south-western part of the country receives more precipitation, between 1,000 and 1,200 mm (39 and 47 in), and some mountain areas in the north are estimated to receive up to 2,000 mm (79 in). Despite northerly locations, southern and central Sweden may have almost no snow in some winters. Most of Sweden is located in the rain shadow of the Scandinavian Mountains through Norway and north-west Sweden. The blocking of cool and wet air in summer as well as the greater landmass leads to warm and dry summers far north in the country, with quite warm summers at the Bothnia Bay coast at 65 degrees latitude, which is unheard of elsewhere in the world at such northerly coastlines.
Swedish Meteorological Institute, SMHI's monthly average temperatures of some of their weather stations – for the latest scientific full prefixed thirty-year period 1961–1990 Next will be presented in year 2020. The weather stations are sorted from south towards north by their numbers.


stn.nr.
station
Jan
Feb
Mar
Apr
May
Jun
Jul
Aug
Sep
Oct
Nov
Dec
Annual


5337
Malmö
0.1
0.0
2.2
6.4
11.6
15.8
17.1
16.8
13.6
9.8
5.3
1.9
8.4


6203
Helsingborg
0.6
−0.1
2.0
6.0
11.2
15.3
16.7
16.6
13.6
9.9
5.2
1.8
8.3


6451
Växjö
−2.8
−2.8
0.0
4.7
10.2
14.3
15.3
14.9
11.2
7.0
2.3
−1.2
6.1


7839
Visby
−0.5
−1.2
0.7
4.1
9.5
14.0
16.4
16.0
12.5
8.6
4.3
1.2
7.1


7447
Jönköping
−2.6
−2.7
0.3
4.7
10.0
14.5
15.9
15.0
11.3
7.5
2.8
−0.7
6.3


7263
Göteborg
−0.9
−0.9
2.0
6.0
11.6
15.5
16.6
16.2
12.8
9.1
4.4
1.0
7.8


8323
Skövde
−2.8
−2.9
0.0
4.6
10.6
15.0
16.2
15.2
11.1
7.1
2.2
−1.1
6.3


8634
Norrköping
−3.0
−3.2
0.0
4.5
10.4
15.1
16.6
15.5
11.3
7.2
2.2
−1.4
6.3


9516
Örebro
−4.0
−4.0
−0.5
4.3
10.7
15.3
16.5
15.3
10.9
6.6
1.3
−2.4
5.8


9720
Stockholm Bromma
−3.5
−3.7
−0.5
4.3
10.4
15.2
16.8
15.8
11.4
7.0
2.0
−1.8
6.1


9739
Stockholm Arlanda
−4.3
−4.6
−1.0
3.9
9.9
14.8
16.5
15.2
10.7
6.4
1.2
−2.6
5.5


10458
Mora
−7.4
−7.2
−2.4
2.5
9.1
14.1
15.4
13.5
9.3
4.9
−1.6
−6.1
3.7


10740
Gävle
−4.8
−4.5
−1.0
3.4
9.3
14.6
16.3
14.9
10.6
6.0
0.6
−3.3
5.2


12724
Sundsvall
−7.5
−6.3
−2.3
2.5
8.2
13.8
15.2
13.8
9.4
4.8
−1.5
−5.7
3.6


13410
Östersund
−8.9
−7.6
−3.5
1.3
7.6
12.5
13.9
12.7
8.2
3.8
−2.4
−6.3
2.6


14050
Umeå
−8.7
−8.3
−4.0
1.4
7.6
13.3
15.6
13.8
9.0
4.0
−2.3
−6.4
2.9


15045
Skellefteå
−10.2
−8.7
−4.2
1.2
7.6
13.6
15.7
13.5
8.5
3.2
−3.4
−7.5
2.5


16288
Luleå
−12.2
−11.0
−6.0
0.3
6.6
13.0
15.4
13.3
8.0
2.6
−4.5
−9.7
1.3


16395
Haparanda
−12.1
−11.4
−6.8
−0.5
6.1
12.8
15.4
13.2
8.0
2.5
−4.2
−9.5
1.1


16988
Jokkmokk
−17.5
−14.9
−8.6
−1.1
5.9
12.2
14.3
11.8
5.7
−0.2
−9.3
−14.6
-1.4


17897
Tarfala (a mountain peak)
−11.8
−11.3
−10.6
−7.5
−1.9
3.2
6.4
5.3
0.8
−3.9
−7.9
−10.7
-4.2


18076
Gällivare
−14.3
−12.5
−8.4
−1.9
5.0
11.0
13.0
10.7
5.6
−0.6
−8.1
−12.2
-1.1


18094
Kiruna
−13.9
−12.5
−8.7
−3.2
3.4
9.6
12.0
9.8
4.6
−1.4
−8.1
−11.9
-1.7


[87][88]
Politics
Constitutional framework
Main article: Politics of Sweden




Carl XVI Gustaf, King of Sweden since 15 September 1973.[89]


Sweden has four fundamental laws (Swedish: grundlagar) which together forms the Constitution: the Instrument of Government (Swedish: Regeringsformen), the Act of Succession (Swedish: Successionsordningen), the Freedom of the Press Act (Swedish: Tryckfrihetsförordningen), and the Fundamental Law on Freedom of Expression (Swedish: Yttrandefrihetsgrundlagen).[90][91]
The public sector in Sweden is divided into two parts: the legal person known as the State (Swedish: staten)[b] and local authorities:[c] the latter includes regional County Councils (Swedish: landsting) and local Municipalities (Swedish: kommuner).[92][93][94][95] The local authorities, rather than the State, make up the larger part of the public sector in Sweden.[96] County Councils and Municipalities are independent of one another, the former merely covers a larger geographical area than the latter.[96][97] The local authorities have self-rule, as mandated by the Constitution, and their own tax base.[93][98] Notwithstanding their self-rule, local authorities are nevertheless in practice interdependent upon the State, as the parameters of their responsibilities and the extent of their jurisdiction is specified in the Local Government Act (Swedish: Kommunallagen) passed by the Riksdag.[93][99]
Sweden is a constitutional monarchy and King Carl XVI Gustaf is the head of state, but the role of the monarch is limited to ceremonial and representative functions.[100] Under the provisions of the 1974 Instrument of Government, the King lacks any formal political power.[101][102] The King opens the annual Riksdag session, chairs the Special Council held during a change of Government, holds regular Information Councils with the Prime Minister and the Government, chairs the meetings of the Advisory Council on Foreign Affairs (Swedish: Utrikesnämnden), and receives Letters of Credence of foreign ambassadors to Sweden and signs those of Swedish ambassadors sent abroad.[103][104] In addition, the King pays State Visits abroad and receives those incoming as host.[103] Apart from strictly official duties, the King and the other members of Royal Family undertake a variety of unofficial and other representative duties within Sweden and abroad.[105]
Legislative power is vested in the unicameral Riksdag with 349 members. General elections are held every four years, on the second Sunday of September. Legislation may be initiated by the Government or by members of the Riksdag. Members are elected on the basis of proportional representation to a four-year term. The internal workings of the Riksdag is, in addition to the Instrument of Government, regulated by the Riksdag Act (Swedish: Riksdagsordningen).[106] The fundamental laws can be altered by the Riksdag alone; only an absolute majority with two separate votes, separated by a general election in between, is required.[90]




Rosenbad, in central Stockholm, has been the seat of the Government since 1981.[107]


The Government (Swedish: Regeringen) operates as a collegial body with collective responsibility and consists of the Prime Minister — appointed and dismissed by the Speaker of the Riksdag (following an actual vote in the Riksdag before an appointment can be made) — and other cabinet ministers (Swedish: Statsråd), appointed and dismissed at the sole discretion of the Prime Minister.[108] The Government is the supreme executive authority and is responsible for its actions to the Riksdag.[109]
Most of the State administrative authorities (Swedish: statliga förvaltningsmyndigheter) report to the Government, including (but not limited to) the Armed Forces, the Enforcement Authority, the National Library, the Swedish police and the Tax Agency. A unique feature of Swedish State administration is that individual cabinet ministers do not bear any individual ministerial responsibility for the performance of the agencies within their portfolio; as the director-generals and other heads of government agencies reports directly to the Government as a whole; and individual ministers are prohibited to interfere; thus the origin of the pejorative in Swedish political parlance term ministerstyre (English: "ministerial rule") in matters that are to be handled by the individual agencies, unless otherwise specifically provided for in law.
The Judiciary is independent from the Riksdag, Government and other State administrative authorities.[110] The role of judicial review of legislation is not practised by the courts; instead, the Council on Legislation gives non-binding opinions on legality.[111] There is no stare decisis in that courts are not bound by precedent, although it is influential.[112]
Political parties and elections




The Riksdag chamber, at the time of a vote, in 2009


The Swedish Social Democratic Party has played a leading role in Swedish politics since 1917, after the Reformists had confirmed their strength and the left-wing revolutionaries formed their own party. After 1932, most governments have been dominated by the Social Democrats. Only five general elections since World War II—1976, 1979, 1991, 2006 and 2010—have given the assembled bloc of centre-right parties enough seats in the Riksdag to form a government.
For over 50 years, Sweden had had five parties who continually received enough votes to gain seats in the Riksdag—the Social Democrats, the Moderate Party, the Centre Party, the Liberal People's Party and the Left Party—before the Green Party became the sixth party in the 1988 election. In the 1991 election, while the Greens lost their seats, two new parties gained seats for the first time: the Christian Democrats and New Democracy. The 1994 election saw the return of the Greens and the demise of New Democracy. It was not until elections in 2010 that an eighth party, the Sweden Democrats, gained Riksdag seats. In the elections to the European Parliament, parties who have failed to pass the Riksdag threshold have managed to gain representation at that venue: the June List (2004–2009), the Pirate Party (2009–2014), and Feminist Initiative (2014–present).




The party leaders lined up before the start of the televised live debate on 12 September 2014.


In the 2006 general election the Moderate Party formed the centre-right Alliance for Sweden bloc and won a majority of the Riksdag seats. In the 2010 general election the Alliance contended against a unified left block consisting of the Social Democrats, the Greens and the Left Party.[113] The Alliance won a plurality of 173 seats, but remained two seats short of a 175-seat majority. Nevertheless, neither the Alliance, nor the left block, chose to form a coalition with the Sweden Democrats.[114]
The outcome of the 2014 general election resulted in the attainment of more seats by the three centre-left parties in comparison to the centre-right Alliance for Sweden, with the two blocs receiving 159 and 141 seats respectively.[115] The non-aligned Sweden Democrats more than doubled their support and won the remaining 49 seats.[115] On 3 October 2014, Stefan Löfven, formed a minority government consisting of the Social Democrats and the Greens.[116][117]
Election turnout in Sweden has always been high by international comparison. Although it declined in recent decades, the latest elections saw an increase in voter turnout (80.11% in 2002, 81.99% in 2006, 84.63% in 2010) and 85.81 in 2014.[118] Swedish politicians enjoyed a high degree of confidence from the citizens in the 1960s, However, that level of confidence has since declined steadily, and is now at a markedly lower level than in its Scandinavian neighbours.[119]
Administrative divisions
Main articles: Counties of Sweden and Municipalities of Sweden




Municipal divisions of Sweden


Sweden is a unitary state divided into 21 county councils (landsting) and 290 municipalities (kommuner). Every county council corresponds to a county (län) with a number of municipalities per county. County councils and municipalities have different roles and separate responsibilities relating to local government. Health care, public transport and certain cultural institutions are administered by county councils. Preschools, primary and secondary schooling, public water utilities, garbage disposal, elderly care and rescue services are administered by the municipalities. Gotland is a special case of being a county council with only one municipality and the functions of county council and municipality are performed by the same organisation.[120]
Municipal and county council government in Sweden is similar to city commission and cabinet-style council government. Both levels have legislative assemblies (municipal councils and county council assemblies) of between 31 and 101 members (always an uneven number) that are elected from party-list proportional representation at the general election which are held every four years in conjunction with the national parliamentary elections.
Municipalities are also divided into a total of 2,512 parishes (församlingar). These have no official political responsibilities but are traditional subdivisions of the Church of Sweden and still have some importance as census districts for census-taking and elections.
The Swedish government has 21 County Administrative Boards (Swedish: länsstyrelser), which are responsible for regional state administration not assigned to other government agencies or local government. Each county administrative boards is led by a County Governor (Swedish: landshövding) appointed for a term of six years. The list of previous officeholders for the counties stretches back, in most cases, to 1634 when the counties were created by Lord High Chancellor Count Axel Oxenstierna. The main responsibility of the County Administrative Board is to co-ordinate the development of the county in line with goals set by the Riksdag and Government.
There are older historical divisions, primarily the twenty-five provinces and three lands, which still retain cultural significance.
Further information: Subdivisions of Sweden and National Areas of Sweden
Political history




Kingdoms of Svear (Sweonas) and Götar (Geats) in the 12th century, with modern borders in grey


The actual age of the kingdom of Sweden is unknown.[121] Establishing the age depends mostly on whether Sweden should be considered a nation when the Svear (Sweonas) ruled Svealand or if the emergence of the nation started with the Svear and the Götar (Geats) of Götaland being united under one ruler. In the first case, Svealand was first mentioned as having one single ruler in the year 98 by Tacitus, but it is almost impossible to know for how long it had been this way. However, historians usually start the line of Swedish monarchs from when Svealand and Götaland were ruled under the same king, namely Eric the Victorious (Geat) and his son Olof Skötkonung in the 10th century. These events are often described as the consolidation of Sweden, although substantial areas were conquered and incorporated later.
Earlier kings, for which no reliable historical sources exist, can be read about in mythical kings of Sweden and semi-legendary kings of Sweden. Many of these kings are only mentioned in various saga and blend with Norse mythology.
The title Sveriges och Götes Konung was last used for Gustaf I of Sweden, after which the title became "King of Sweden, of the Goths and of the Wends" (Sveriges, Götes och Vendes Konung) in official documentation. Up until the beginning of the 1920s, all laws in Sweden were introduced with the words, "We, the king of Sweden, of the Goths and Wends". This title was used up until 1973.[122] The present King of Sweden, Carl XVI Gustaf, was the first monarch officially proclaimed "King of Sweden" (Sveriges Konung) with no additional peoples mentioned in his title.
The term riksdag was used for the first time in the 1540s, although the first meeting where representatives of different social groups were called to discuss and determine affairs affecting the country as a whole took place as early as 1435, in the town of Arboga.[123] During the Riksdag assemblies of 1527 and 1544, under King Gustav Vasa, representatives of all four estates of the realm (clergy, nobility, townsmen and peasants) were called on to participate for the first time.[123] The monarchy became hereditary in 1544.
Executive power was historically shared between the King and an aristocratic Privy council until 1680, followed by the King's autocratic rule initiated by the commoner estates of the Riksdag. As a reaction to the failed Great Northern War, a parliamentary system was introduced in 1719, followed by three different flavours of constitutional monarchy in 1772, 1789 and 1809, the latter granting several civil liberties. Already during the first of those three periods, the 'Era of Liberty' (1719–72) the Swedish Rikstag had developed into a very active Parliament, and this tradition continued into the nineteenth century, laying the basis for the transition towards modern democracy at the end of that century.[124]
In 1866 Sweden became a constitutional monarchy with a bicameral parliament, with the First Chamber indirectly elected by local governments, and the Second Chamber directly elected in national elections every four years. In 1971 the parliament became unicameral. Legislative power was (symbolically) shared between the King and the Riksdag until 1975. Swedish taxation is controlled by the Riksdag.




Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Löfven participated in Stockholm Pride parade, 2 August 2014


Sweden has a history of strong political involvement by ordinary people through its "popular movements" (Folkrörelser), the most notable being trade unions, the independent Christian movement, the temperance movement, the women's movement and more recently the intellectual property pirate movements. Sweden was the first country in the world to outlaw corporal punishment of children by their parents (parents' right to spank their own children was first removed in 1966, and it was explicitly prohibited by law from July 1979).[125]
Sweden is currently leading the EU in statistics measuring equality in the political system and equality in the education system.[126] The Global Gender Gap Report 2006 ranked Sweden as the number one country in terms of gender equality.[127]
Some Swedish political figures have become known worldwide, among these are: Raoul Wallenberg, Folke Bernadotte, the former Secretary-General of the United Nations Dag Hammarskjöld, the former Prime Minister Olof Palme, the former Prime Minister and later Foreign minister Carl Bildt, the former President of the General Assembly of the United Nations Jan Eliasson, and the former International Atomic Energy Agency Iraq inspector Hans Blix.
Judicial system
Main article: Judiciary of Sweden
The courts are divided into two parallel and separate systems: The general courts (allmänna domstolar) for criminal and civil cases, and general administrative courts (allmänna förvaltningsdomstolar) for cases relating to disputes between private persons and the authorities.[128] Each of these systems has three tiers, where the top tier court of the respective system typically only will hear cases that may become precedent. There are also a number of special courts, which will hear a narrower set of cases, as set down by legislation. While independent in their rulings, some of these courts are operated as divisions within courts of the general or general administrative courts.




Bonde Palace in Stockholm, seat of the Supreme Court of Sweden


The Supreme Court of Sweden (Swedish: Högsta domstolen) is the third and final instance in all civil and criminal cases in Sweden. Before a case can be decided by the Supreme Court, leave to appeal must be obtained, and with few exceptions, leave to appeal can be granted only when the case is of interest as a precedent. The Supreme Court consists of 16 Justices (Swedish: justitieråd), appointed by the Government, but the court as an institution is independent of the Riksdag, and the Government is not able to interfere with the decisions of the court.
According to a victimisation survey of 1,201 residents in 2005, Sweden has above-average crime rates compared to other EU countries. Sweden has high or above-average levels of assaults, sexual assaults, hate crimes, and consumer fraud. Sweden has low levels of burglary, car theft and drug problems. Bribe seeking is rare.[129]
A mid-November 2013 news report announced that four prisons in Sweden were closed during the year due to a significant drop in the number of inmates. The decrease in the number of Swedish prisoners was considered "out-of-the-ordinary" by the head of Sweden's prison and probation services, with prison numbers in Sweden falling by around 1% a year since 2004. Prisons were closed in the towns of Åby, Håja, Båtshagen, and Kristianstad.[130]
Foreign relations
Main article: Foreign relations of Sweden




The EU parliament in Brussels. Sweden is one of 28 member states of the European Union.


Throughout the 20th century, Swedish foreign policy was based on the principle of non-alignment in peacetime and neutrality in wartime. Sweden's government pursued an independent course of nonalignment in times of peace so that neutrality would be possible in the event of war.[62]
Sweden's doctrine of neutrality is often traced back to the 19th century as the country has not been in a state of war since the end of the Swedish campaign against Norway in 1814. During World War II Sweden joined neither the allied nor axis powers. This has sometimes been disputed since in effect Sweden allowed in select cases the Nazi regime to use its railroad system to transport troops and goods,[57][59] especially iron ore from mines in northern Sweden, which was vital to the German war machine.[59][131] However, Sweden also indirectly contributed to the defence of Finland in the Winter War, and permitted the training of Norwegian and Danish troops in Sweden after 1943.




Development aid measured in GNI in 2009. Source: OECD. As a percentage Sweden is the largest donor.


During the early Cold War era, Sweden combined its policy of non-alignment and a low profile in international affairs with a security policy based on strong national defence.[132] The function of the Swedish military was to deter attack.[133] At the same time, the country maintained relatively close informal connections with the Western bloc, especially in the realm of intelligence exchange. In 1952, a Swedish DC-3 was shot down over the Baltic Sea by a Soviet MiG-15 jet fighter. Later investigations revealed that the plane was actually gathering information for NATO.[134] Another plane, a Catalina search and rescue plane, was sent out a few days later and shot down by the Soviets as well. Prime Minister Olof Palme made an official visit to Cuba during the 1970s, during which he denounced Fulgencio Batista's government and praised contemporary Cuban and Cambodian revolutionaries in a speech.
Beginning in the late 1960s, Sweden attempted to play a more significant and independent role in international relations. It involved itself significantly in international peace efforts, especially through the United Nations, and in support to the Third World.
On 27 October 1981, a Whiskey-class submarine (U 137) from the Soviet Union ran aground close to the naval base at Karlskrona in the southern part of the country. Research has never clearly established whether the submarine ended up on the shoals through a navigational mistake or if an enemy committed espionage against Swedish military potential. The incident triggered a diplomatic crisis between Sweden and the Soviet Union. The 1986 assassination of Olof Palme and with the end of the Cold War, Sweden has adopted a more traditional foreign policy approach. Nevertheless, the country remains active in peace keeping missions and maintains a considerable foreign aid budget.
Since 1995 Sweden has been a member of the European Union, and as a consequence of a new world security situation the country's foreign policy doctrine has been partly modified, with Sweden playing a more active role in European security co-operation.
Military
Main articles: Swedish Armed Forces and Law enforcement in Sweden




The JAS 39 Gripen is an advanced Swedish multi-role fighter aircraft of the Swedish Air Force.


The law is enforced in Sweden by several government entities. The Swedish police is a Government agency concerned with police matters. The National Task Force is a national SWAT unit within the Police Service. The Swedish Security Service's responsibilities are counter-espionage, anti-terrorist activities, protection of the constitution and protection of sensitive objects and people.
Försvarsmakten (Swedish Armed Forces) is a government agency reporting to the Swedish Ministry of Defence and responsible for the peacetime operation of the armed forces of Sweden. The primary task of the agency is to train and deploy peace support forces abroad, while maintaining the long-term ability to refocus on the defence of Sweden in the event of war. The armed forces are divided into Army, Air Force and Navy. The head of the armed forces is the Supreme Commander (Överbefälhavaren, ÖB), the most senior commissioned officer in the country. Up to 1974 the King was pro forma Commander-in-Chief, but in reality it was clearly understood all through the 20th century that the Monarch would have no active role as a military leader.




The Infantry fighting vehicle CV90, which is produced and used by Sweden


Until the end of the Cold War, nearly all males reaching the age of military service were conscripted. In recent years, the number of conscripted males has shrunk dramatically, while the number of female volunteers has increased slightly. Recruitment has generally shifted towards finding the most motivated recruits, rather than solely those otherwise most fit for service. All soldiers serving abroad must by law be volunteers. In 1975 the total number of conscripts was 45,000. By 2003 it was down to 15,000.
On 1 July 2010 Sweden stopped routine conscription, switching to an all volunteer force unless otherwise required for defence readiness.[135][136][137] The need to recruit only the soldiers later prepared to volunteer for international service will be emphasised. The total forces gathered would consist of about 60,000 men. This could be compared with the 1980s before the fall of the Soviet Union, when Sweden could gather up to 1,000,000 men.
Swedish units have taken part in peacekeeping operations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Cyprus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, Liberia, Lebanon, Afghanistan and Chad.
Currently, one of the most important tasks for the Swedish Armed Forces has been to form a Swedish-led EU Battle Group to which Norway, Finland, Ireland and Estonia will also contribute.[138] The Nordic Battle Group (NBG) had a 10-day deployment readiness during the first half of 2008 and, although Swedish-led, had its Operational Headquarters (OHQ) in Northwood, outside London.
Economy
Main article: Economy of Sweden




Gross Regional Product (GRP) per capita in thousands of kronor (2014)






Nordstan is one of the largest shopping malls in northern Europe


Sweden is the seventh-richest country in the world in terms of GDP (gross domestic product) per capita and a high standard of living is experienced by its citizens. Sweden is an export-oriented mixed economy. Timber, hydropower and iron ore constitute the resource base of an economy with a heavy emphasis on foreign trade. Sweden's engineering sector accounts for 50% of output and exports, while telecommunications, the automotive industry and the pharmaceutical industries are also of great importance. Sweden is the ninth-largest arms exporter in the world. Agriculture accounts for 2% of GDP and employment. The country ranks among the highest for telephone and Internet access penetration.[139]
Trade unions, employers' associations and collective agreements cover a large share of the employees in Sweden.[140] The high coverage of collective agreements is achieved despite the absence of state mechanisms extending collective agreements to whole industries or sectors. Both the prominent role of collective bargaining and the way in which the high rate of coverage is achieved reflect the dominance of self-regulation (regulation by the labour market parties themselves) over state regulation in Swedish industrial relations.[141] When the Swedish Ghent system was changed in 2007, resulting in considerably raised fees to unemployment funds, a substantial decline in union density and density of unemployment funds occurred.[142][143]
In 2010 Sweden's income Gini coefficient was the third lowest among developed countries, at 0.25—slightly higher than Japan and Denmark—suggesting Sweden had low income inequality. However, Sweden's wealth Gini coefficient at 0.853 was the second highest in developed countries, and above European and North American averages, suggesting high wealth inequality.[144][145] Even on a disposable income basis, the geographical distribution of Gini coefficient of income inequality varies within different regions and municipalities of Sweden. Danderyd, outside Stockholm, has Sweden's highest Gini coefficient of income inequality, at 0.55, while Hofors near Gävle has the lowest at 0.25. In and around Stockholm and Scania, two of the more densely populated regions of Sweden, the income Gini coefficient is between 0.35 and 0.55.[146]
In terms of structure, the Swedish economy is characterised by a large, knowledge-intensive and export-oriented manufacturing sector; an increasing, but comparatively small, business service sector; and by international standards, a large public service sector. Large organisations, both in manufacturing and services, dominate the Swedish economy.[147] High and medium-high technology manufacturing accounts for 9.9% of GDP.[148]
The 20 largest (by turnover) registered Swedish companies in 2007 were Volvo, Ericsson, Vattenfall, Skanska, Sony Ericsson Mobile Communications AB, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget, Electrolux, Volvo Personvagnar, TeliaSonera, Sandvik, Scania, ICA, Hennes & Mauritz, IKEA, Nordea, Preem, Atlas Copco, Securitas, Nordstjernan and SKF.[149] The vast majority of Sweden's industry is privately controlled, unlike many other industrialised Western countries, and, in accordance with a historical standard, publicly owned enterprises are of minor importance.




Real GDP growth in Sweden, 1996–2006


An estimated 4.5 million Swedish residents are employed and around a third of the workforce completed tertiary education. In terms of GDP per-hour-worked, Sweden was the world's ninth highest in 2006 at US$31, compared to US$22 in Spain and US$35 in the United States.[150] GDP per-hour-worked is growing 2.5% per year for the economy as a whole and the trade-terms-balanced productivity growth is 2%.[150] According to the OECD, deregulation, globalisation, and technology sector growth have been key productivity drivers.[150] Sweden is a world leader in privatised pensions and pension funding problems are relatively small compared to many other Western European countries.[151] A pilot program to test the feasibility of a six-hour workday, without loss of pay, will commence in 2014, involving the participation of Gothenburg municipal staff. The Swedish government is seeking to reduce its costs through decreased sick leave hours and increased efficiency.[152]




Sweden is part of the Schengen Area and the EU single market.


The typical worker receives 40% of his or her labour costs after the tax wedge. Total tax collected by Sweden as a percentage of its GDP peaked at 52.3% in 1990.[153] The country faced a real estate and banking crisis in 1990–1991, and consequently passed tax reforms in 1991 to implement tax rate cuts and tax base broadening over time.[154][155] Since 1990, taxes as a percentage of GDP collected by Sweden has been dropping, with total tax rates for the highest income earners dropping the most.[156] In 2010 45.8% of the country's GDP was collected as taxes, the second highest among OECD countries, and nearly double the percentage in the US or South Korea.[153] Tax income-financed employment represents a third of the Swedish workforce, a substantially higher proportion than in most other countries. Overall, GDP growth has been fast since reforms—especially those in manufacturing—were enacted in the early 1990s.[157]
Sweden is the fourth-most competitive economy in the world, according to the World Economic Forum in its Global Competitiveness Report 2012–2013.[18] Sweden is the top performing country in the 2014 Global Green Economy Index (GGEI).[158] Sweden is ranked fourth in the IMD World Competitiveness Yearbook 2013.[159] According to the book The Flight of the Creative Class by the US economist Professor Richard Florida of the University of Toronto, Sweden is ranked as having the best creativity in Europe for business and is predicted to become a talent magnet for the world's most purposeful workers. The book compiled an index to measure the kind of creativity it claims is most useful to business—talent, technology and tolerance.[160]
Sweden maintains its own currency, the Swedish krona (SEK), a result of the Swedes having rejected the euro in a referendum. The Swedish Riksbank—founded in 1668 and thus the oldest central bank in the world—is currently focusing on price stability with an inflation target of 2%. According to the Economic Survey of Sweden 2007 by the OECD, the average inflation in Sweden has been one of the lowest among European countries since the mid-1990s, largely because of deregulation and quick utilisation of globalisation.[150]
The largest trade flows are with Germany, the United States, Norway, the United Kingdom, Denmark and Finland.
Financial deregulation in the 1980s impacted adversely on the property market, leading to a bubble and eventually a crash in the early 1990s. Commercial property prices fell by up to two thirds, resulting in two Swedish banks having to be taken over by the government. In the following two decades the property sector strengthened. By 2014, legislators, economists and the IMF were again warning of a bubble with residential property prices soaring and the level of personal mortgage debt expanding. Household debt-to-income rose above 170% as the IMF was calling on legislators to consider zoning reform and other means of generating a greater supply of housing as demand was outstripping what was available, pushing prices higher. By August 2014, 40% of home borrowers had interest-only loans while those that didn't were repaying principal at a rate that would take 100 years to fully repay.[161]
Energy
See also: Nordic energy market, Nuclear power phase-out in Sweden, and Oil phase-out in Sweden




Ringhals Nuclear Power Plant, located south of Gothenburg


Sweden's energy market is largely privatised. The Nordic energy market is one of the first liberalised energy markets in Europe and it is traded in NASDAQ OMX Commodities Europe and Nord Pool Spot. In 2006, out of a total electricity production of 139 TWh, electricity from hydropower accounted for 61 TWh (44%), and nuclear power delivered 65 TWh (47%). At the same time, the use of biofuels, peat etc. produced 13 TWh (9%) of electricity, while wind power produced 1 TWh (1%). Sweden was a net importer of electricity by a margin of 6 TWh.[162] Biomass is mainly used to produce heat for district heating and central heating and industry processes.
The 1973 oil crisis strengthened Sweden's commitment to decrease dependence on imported fossil fuels. Since then, electricity has been generated mostly from hydropower and nuclear power. The use of nuclear power has been limited, however. Among other things, the accident of Three Mile Island Nuclear Generating Station (United States) prompted the Riksdag to ban new nuclear plants. In March 2005, an opinion poll showed that 83% supported maintaining or increasing nuclear power.[163] Politicians have made announcements about oil phase-out in Sweden, decrease of nuclear power, and multibillion-dollar investments in renewable energy and energy efficiency.[164][165] The country has for many years pursued a strategy of indirect taxation as an instrument of environmental policy, including energy taxes in general and carbon dioxide taxes in particular.[164] Sweden was in 2014 a net exporter of electricity by a margin of 16 TWh; the production from windpower mills had increased to 11.5 TWh.[166]
Transport
Main article: Transport in Sweden




The Öresund Bridge between Malmö and Copenhagen in Denmark


Sweden has 162,707 km (101,101 mi) of paved road and 1,428 km (887 mi) of expressways. Motorways run through Sweden and over the Øresund Bridge to Denmark. New motorways are still under construction and a new motorway from Uppsala to Gävle was finished on 17 October 2007. Sweden had left-hand traffic (Vänstertrafik in Swedish) from approximately 1736 and continued to do so well into the 20th century. Voters rejected right-hand traffic in 1955, but after the Riksdag passed legislation in 1963 changeover took place on 3 September 1967, known in Swedish as Dagen H.
The Stockholm metro is the only underground system in Sweden and serves the city of Stockholm via 100 stations. The rail transport market is privatised, but while there are many privately owned enterprises, the largest operators are still owned by state. The counties have financing, ticket and marketing responsibility for local trains. For other trains the operators handle tickets and marketing themselves. Operators include SJ, Veolia Transport, DSB, Green Cargo, Tågkompaniet and Inlandsbanan. Most of the railways are owned and operated by Trafikverket. Most tram nets were closed in 1967, as Sweden changed from left-side to right-side driving, but they survived in Norrköping, Gothenburg and Stockholm. A new tram line is set to open in Lund in 2019.




Stockholm Central Station


The largest airports include Stockholm–Arlanda Airport (16.1 million passengers in 2009) 40 km (25 mi) north of Stockholm, Göteborg Landvetter Airport (4.3 million passengers in 2008), and Stockholm–Skavsta Airport (2.0 million passengers). Sweden hosts the two largest port companies in Scandinavia, Port of Göteborg AB (Gothenburg) and the transnational company Copenhagen Malmö Port AB. The most used airport for a large part of Southern Sweden is Kastrup or Copenhagen Airport which is located only 12 minutes by train from the closest Swedish railway station, Hyllie. Copenhagen Airport also is the largest international airport in Scandinavia and Finland.
Sweden also has a number of car ferry connections to several neighbouring countries.[167] This includes a route from Umeå across the Gulf of Bothnia to Vaasa in Finland. There are several connections from the Stockholm area across the Sea of Åland to Mariehamn in the Åland Islands as well as Turku and Helsinki on the Finnish mainland and beyond to Estonia and St Petersburg in Russia. Ferry routes from the Stockholm area also connect with Ventspils and Riga in Latvia as well as Gdańsk in Poland across the Baltic Sea. The ferry ports of Karlskrona and Karlshamn in southeastern Sweden serve Gdynia, Poland, and Klaipeda, Lithuania. Ystad and Trelleborg near the southern tip of Sweden have ferry links with the Danish island of Bornholm and the German ports of Sassnitz, Rostock and Travemünde, respectively, and ferries run to Świnoujście, Poland, from both of them. Trelleborg is the busiest ferry port in Sweden in terms of weight transported by lorry.[168] Its route to Sassnitz started as a steam-operated railway ferry in the 19th century, and today's ferry still carries trains to Berlin during the summer months.[169] Another ferry route to Travemünde originates from Malmö. Despite the opening of the fixed link to Denmark, the Øresund Bridge, the busiest ferry route remains the short link across the narrowest section of the Øresund between Helsingborg and the Danish port of Helsingør, known as the HH Ferry route. There are over seventy departures a day each way; during peak times, a ferry departs every fifteen minutes.[170] Ports higher up the Swedish west coast include Varberg, with a ferry connection across the Kattegat to Grenaa in Denmark, and Göteborg, serving Frederikshavn at the northern tip of Denmark and Kiel in Germany. Finally, there are ferries from Strömstad near the Norwegian border to destinations around the Oslofjord in Norway. There used to be ferry services to the United Kingdom from Göteborg to destinations such as Immingham, Harwich and Newcastle, but these have been discontinued.
Sweden has two domestic ferry lines with large vessels, both connecting Gotland with the mainland. The lines leave from Visby harbour on the island, and the ferries sail to either Oskarshamn or Nynäshamn.[171] A smaller car ferry connects the island of Ven in Øresund with Landskrona.[172]
Public policy
See also: Nordic model and Social welfare in Sweden
Sweden has one of the most highly developed welfare states in the world. According to a 2012 OECD report, the country had the second-highest public social spending as a percentage of its GDP after France (27.3% and 28.4%, respectively), and the third-highest total (public and private) social spending at 30.2% of its GDP, after France and Belgium (31.3% and 31.0%, respectively).[173] Sweden spent 6.3% of its GDP, the 9th-highest among 34 OECD countries, to provide equal access to education.[174] On health care, the country spent 10.0% of its total GDP, the 12th highest.[175]
Historically, Sweden provided solid support for free trade (except agriculture) and mostly relatively strong and stable property rights (both private and public), though some economists have pointed out that Sweden promoted industries with tariffs and used publicly subsidised R&D during the country's early critical years of industrialisation.[176] After World War II a succession of governments expanded the welfare state by raising the taxes. During this period Sweden's economic growth was also one of the highest in the industrial world. A series of successive social reforms transformed the country into one of the most equal and developed on earth. The consistent growth of the welfare state led to Swedes achieving unprecedented levels of social mobility and quality of life—to this day Sweden consistently ranks at the top of league tables for health, literacy and Human Development—far ahead of some wealthier countries (for example the United States).[177]
However, from the 1970s and onwards Sweden's GDP growth fell behind other industrialised countries and the country's per capita ranking fell from 4th to 14th place in a few decades.[178] From the mid-1990s until today Sweden's economic growth has once again accelerated and has been higher than in most other industrialised countries (including the US) during the last 15 years.[179] A report from the United Nations Development Program predicted that Sweden's rating on the Human Development Index will fall from 0.949 in 2010 to 0.906 in 2030.[180]
Sweden began slowing the expansion of the welfare state in the 1980s, and even trimming it back. Sweden has recently been relatively quick to adopt neoliberal policies, such as privatization, financialization and deregulation,[181][182] compared to countries such as France.[150][183] The current Swedish government is continuing the trend of moderate rollbacks of previous social reforms.[150][184] Growth has been higher than in many other EU-15 countries. Also since the mid-1980s, Sweden has had the fastest growth in inequality of any developed nation, according to the OECD. This has largely been attributed to the reduction in state benefits and a shift toward the privatisation of public services. According to Barbro Sorman, an activist of the opposition Left Party, "The rich are getting richer, and the poor are getting poorer. Sweden is starting to look like the USA." Nevertheless, it remains far more egalitarian than most nations.[74][185] Partly as a result of these privatisations and widening economic disparity, the Swedes in the 2014 elections put the Social Democrats back in power.[186][187]
Sweden adopted free market agricultural policies in 1990. Since the 1930s, the agricultural sector had been subject to price controls. In June 1990, the Riksdag voted for a new agricultural policy marking a significant shift away from price controls. As a result, food prices fell somewhat. However, the liberalisations soon became moot because EU agricultural controls supervened.[188]
Since the late 1960s, Sweden has had the highest tax quota (as percentage of GDP) in the industrialised world, although today the gap has narrowed and Denmark has surpassed Sweden as the most heavily taxed country among developed countries. Sweden has a two-step progressive tax scale with a municipal income tax of about 30% and an additional high-income state tax of 20–25% when a salary exceeds roughly 320,000 SEK per year. Payroll taxes amount to 32%. In addition, a national VAT of 25% is added to many things bought by private citizens, with the exception of food (12% VAT), transportation, and books (6% VAT). Certain items are subject to additional taxes, e.g. electricity, petrol/diesel and alcoholic beverages.
In 2007[update], total tax revenue was 47.8% of GDP, the second-highest tax burden among developed countries, down from 49.1% 2006.[189] Sweden's inverted tax wedge – the amount going to the service worker's wallet – is approximately 15%, compared to 10% in Belgium, 30% in Ireland, and 50% in United States.[178] Public sector spending amounts to 53% of the GDP. State and municipal employees total around a third of the workforce, much more than in most Western countries. Only Denmark has a larger public sector (38% of Danish workforce). Spending on transfers is also high.
In 2015 and 2016, 69 per cent of the employed workers is organised in trade unions. Union density in 2016 was 62% among blue-collar-workers (most of them in the Swedish Trade Union Confederation, LO) and 75% among white-collar workers (most of them in the Swedish Confederation of Professional Employees, TCO, and the Swedish Confederation of Professional Associations, SACO).[190] Sweden has state-supported union unemployment funds (Ghent system).[191] Trade unions have the right to elect two representatives to the board in all Swedish companies with more than 25 employees. Sweden has a relatively high amount of sick leave per worker in OECD: the average worker loses 24 days due to sickness.[157]
The unemployment rate was 7.2% in May 2017 while the employment rate was 67.4%, with the workforce consisting of 4,983,000 people while 387,000 are unemployed.[192][193] Unemployment among youth (aged 24 or younger) in 2012 was 24.2%, making Sweden the OECD country with the highest ratio of youth unemployment versus unemployment in general.[194]
Science and technology
Main article: Swedish inventions




Alfred Nobel, inventor of dynamite and institutor of the Nobel Prize


In the 18th century Sweden's scientific revolution took off. Previously, technical progress had mainly come from mainland Europe.
In 1739, the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences was founded, with people such as Carl Linnaeus and Anders Celsius as early members. Many of the companies founded by early pioneers still remain major international brands. Gustaf Dalén founded AGA, and received the Nobel Prize for his sun valve. Alfred Nobel invented dynamite and instituted the Nobel Prizes. Lars Magnus Ericsson started the company bearing his name, Ericsson, still one of the largest telecom companies in the world. Jonas Wenström was an early pioneer in alternating current and is along with Serbian inventor Nikola Tesla credited as one of the inventors of the three-phase electrical system.[195]
The traditional engineering industry is still a major source of Swedish inventions, but pharmaceuticals, electronics and other high-tech industries are gaining ground. Tetra Pak was an invention for storing liquid foods, invented by Erik Wallenberg. Losec, an ulcer medicine, was the world's best-selling drug in the 1990s and was developed by AstraZeneca. More recently Håkan Lans invented the Automatic Identification System, a worldwide standard for shipping and civil aviation navigation. A large portion of the Swedish economy is to this day based on the export of technical inventions, and many large multinational corporations from Sweden have their origins in the ingenuity of Swedish inventors.[195]
Swedish inventors held 47,112 patents in the United States in 2014[update], according to the United States Patent and Trademark Office. As a nation, only ten other countries hold more patents than Sweden.[196]
Combined, the public and the private sector in Sweden allocate over 3.5% of GDP to research & development (R&D) per year, making Sweden's investment in R&D as a percentage of GDP the second-highest in the world.[197] For several decades the Swedish government has prioritised scientific and R&D activities. As a percentage of GDP, the Swedish government spends the most of any nation on research and development.[198] Sweden tops other European countries in the number of published scientific works per capita.[199]





Swedish–ESO Submillimetre Telescope discovered the Boomerang Nebula and the first extragalactic silicon monoxide maser.[200]



In 2009, the decisions to construct Sweden's two largest scientific installations, the synchrotron radiation facility MAX IV and the European Spallation Source, were taken.[201][202] Both installations will be built in Lund. The European Spallation Source, costing some SEK 14 billion to construct,[203] will be operational in 2019 and will give an approximately 30 times stronger neutron beam than any of today's existing neutron source installations.[204] The MAX IV, costing some SEK 3 billion, will be operational in 2015. Both facilities have strong implications on material research.
Demographics
Main articles: Demographics of Sweden and Swedes
The total resident population of Sweden was 10,042,928 on 31 May 2017.[3] The population exceeded 9 million for the first time on approximately 12 August 2004 and 9.5 million in the spring of 2012, according to Statistics Sweden.[205][206] The population density is 20.6 people per km² (53.3 per square mile) and it is substantially higher in the south than in the north. About 85% of the population live in urban areas.[12] The capital city Stockholm has a municipal population of about 900,000 (with 1.3 million in the urban area and 2 million in the metropolitan area). The second- and third-largest cities are Gothenburg and Malmö. Greater Gothenburg counts close to a million inhabitants and the same goes for the western part of Scania, around the Öresund. Together with Greater Copenhagen, the entire population around the Öresund counts close to 3 million in a land area of less than 6,000 square kilometres (2,300 sq mi). Outside of major cities, areas with notably higher population density include the agricultural part of Östergötland, the western coast, the area around Lake Mälaren and the agricultural area around Uppsala.
Norrland, which covers approximately 60% of the Swedish territory, has a very low population density (below 5 people per square kilometre). The mountains and most of the remote coastal areas are almost unpopulated. Low population density exists also in large parts of western Svealand, as well as southern and central Småland. An area known as Finnveden, which is located in the south-west of Småland, and mainly below the 57th parallel, can also be considered as almost empty of people.
Between 1820 and 1930, approximately 1.3 million Swedes, a third of the country's population, emigrated to North America, and most of them to the United States. There are more than 4.4 million Swedish Americans according to a 2006 US Census Bureau estimate.[207] In Canada, the community of Swedish ancestry is 330,000 strong.[208]
There are no official statistics on ethnicity, but according to Statistics Sweden, around 2,320,302 (23.2%) inhabitants of Sweden were of a foreign background in 2016, defined as being born abroad or born in Sweden to two parents born abroad. The most common countries of origin were Finland (1.53%), Syria (1.49%), Iraq (1.35%), Poland (0.89%) and Iran (0.71%).[209]



 


v
t
e


Largest cities or towns in Sweden
[1] (2015)




Rank
Name
County
Pop.
Rank
Name
County
Pop.




Stockholm

Gothenburg
1
Stockholm
Stockholm
1,515,017
11
Norrköping
Östergötland
93,765

Malmö

Uppsala


2
Gothenburg
Västra Götaland
572,799
12
Lund
Skåne
87,244


3
Malmö
Skåne
301,706
13
Umeå
Västerbotten
83,249


4
Uppsala
Uppsala
149,245
14
Gävle
Gävleborg
74,884


5
Sollentuna och Upplands Väsby
Stockholm
139,606
15
Borås
Västra Götaland
71,700


6
Västerås
Västmanland
117,746
16
Södertälje
Stockholm
70,777


7
Örebro
Örebro
115,765
17
Eskilstuna
Södermanland
67,359


8
Linköping
Östergötland
106,502
18
Halmstad
Halland
66,124


9
Helsingborg
Skåne
104,250
19
Växjö
Kronoberg
65,383


10
Jönköping
Jönköping
93,797
20
Karlstad
Värmland
61,492


Language
Main articles: Swedish language and Languages of Sweden
See also: Swedish dialects




Distribution of speakers of the Swedish language


The official language of Sweden is Swedish,[7][8] a North Germanic language, related and very similar to Danish and Norwegian, but differing in pronunciation and orthography. Norwegians have little difficulty understanding Swedish, and Danes can also understand it, with slightly more difficulty than the Norwegians. The same goes for standard Swedish speakers, who find it far easier to understand Norwegian than Danish. The dialects spoken in Scania, the southernmost part of the country, are influenced by Danish because the region traditionally was a part of Denmark and is nowadays situated closely to it. Sweden Finns are Sweden's largest linguistic minority, comprising about 5% of Sweden's population,[210] and Finnish is recognised as a minority language.[8] With a large influx of native speakers of Arabic in latter years, the prevalence of native Arab speakers is likely more widespread than actual usage of Finnish. The actual number is unknown, since no official statistics are kept.[211]
Along with Finnish, four other minority languages are also recognised: Meänkieli, Sami, Romani, and Yiddish. Swedish became Sweden's official language on 1 July 2009, when a new language law was implemented.[8] The issue of whether Swedish should be declared the official language has been raised in the past, and the Riksdag voted on the matter in 2005, but the proposal narrowly failed.[212]
In varying degrees, depending largely on frequency of interaction with English, a majority of Swedes, especially those born after World War II, understand and speak English, owing to trade links, the popularity of overseas travel, a strong Anglo-American influence and the tradition of subtitling rather than dubbing foreign television shows and films, and the relative similarity of the two languages which makes learning English easier. In a 2005 survey by Eurobarometer, 89% of Swedes reported the ability to speak English.[213]
English became a compulsory subject for secondary school students studying natural sciences as early as 1849, and has been a compulsory subject for all Swedish students since the late 1940s.[214] Depending on the local school authorities, English is currently a compulsory subject between first grade and ninth grade, with all students continuing in secondary school studying English for at least another year. Most students also study one and sometimes two additional languages. These include (but are not limited to) German, French and Spanish. Some Danish and Norwegian is at times also taught as part of Swedish courses for native speakers. Because of the extensive mutual intelligibility between the three continental Scandinavian languages Swedish speakers often use their native language when visiting or living in Norway or Denmark.
Religion
Main article: Religion in Sweden


Church of Sweden[215]


Year
Population
Church members
Percentage


1972
8,146,000
7,754,784
95.2%


1980
8,278,000
7,690,636
92.9%


1990
8,573,000
7,630,350
89.0%


2000
8,880,000
7,360,825
82.9%


2010
9,415,570
6,589,769
70.0%


2011
9,482,855
6,519,889
68.8%


2012
9,555,893
6,446,729
67.5%


2013
9,644,864
6,357,508
65.9%


2014
9,747,355
6,292,264
64.6%[216]


2015
9,850,452
6,225,091
63.2%


2016
9,995,153
6,116,480
61.2%[216]


Before the 11th century, Swedes adhered to Norse paganism, worshiping Æsir gods, with its centre at the Temple in Uppsala. With Christianisation in the 11th century, the laws of the country changed, forbidding worship of other deities into the late 19th century. After the Protestant Reformation in the 1530s, a change led by Martin Luther's Swedish associate Olaus Petri, the authority of the Roman Catholic Church was abolished and Lutheranism became widespread. Adoption of Lutheranism was completed by the Uppsala Synod of 1593, and it became the official religion. During the era following the Reformation, usually known as the period of Lutheran orthodoxy, small groups of non-Lutherans, especially Calvinist Dutchmen, the Moravian Church and French Huguenots played a significant role in trade and industry, and were quietly tolerated as long as they kept a low religious profile.[217] The Sami originally had their own shamanistic religion, but they converted to Lutheranism by Swedish missionaries in the 17th and 18th centuries.




The Protestant Katarina Church in Stockholm






The second oldest mosque in Sweden is the Malmö Mosque


With religious liberalisations in the late 18th century believers of other faiths, including Judaism and Roman Catholicism, were allowed to live and work freely in the country. However, until 1860 it remained illegal for Lutherans to convert to another religion. The 19th century saw the arrival of various evangelical free churches, and, towards the end of the century, secularism, leading many to distance themselves from church rituals. Leaving the Church of Sweden became legal with the so-called dissenter law of 1860, but only under the provision of entering another Christian denomination. The right to stand outside any religious denomination was formally established in the Law on Freedom of religion in 1951.
In 2000, the Church of Sweden was disestablished. Sweden was the second Nordic country to disestablish its state church (after Finland did so in the Church Act of 1869).[218]
At the end of 2016, 61.2% of Swedes belonged to the Church of Sweden; this number has been decreasing by about 1.5 percentage points a year for the last 5 years and one percentage point a year on average for the last two decades.[219][220][221] Approximately 2% of the church's members regularly attend Sunday services.[222] The reason for the large number of inactive members is partly that, until 1996, children automatically became members at birth if at least one of the parents was a member. Since 1996, only children that are christened become members. Some 275,000 Swedes are today members of various Evangelical Protestant free churches (where congregation attendance is much higher), and immigration caused that there are now some 92,000 Roman Catholics and 100,000 Eastern Orthodox Christians living in Sweden.[223]
The first Muslim congregation was established in 1949, when a small contingent of Tatars migrated from Finland. Islam's presence in Sweden remained marginal until the 1960s, when Sweden started to receive migrants from the Balkans and Turkey. Further immigration from North Africa and the Middle East have brought the estimated Muslim population to 400,000. However, only about 110,000 are members of a congregation and of these approximately 25,000 actively practise Islam in the sense that they pray five times a day and attend Friday prayer.[224][225][226]
According to the Eurobarometer Poll 2010,[227]

18% of Swedish citizens responded that "they believe there is a god".
45% answered that "they believe there is some sort of spirit or life force".
34% answered that "they do not believe there is any sort of spirit, god, or life force".

According to a Demoskop study in 2015 about the beliefs of the Swedish showed that

21% believed in a god (down from 35 percent in 2008).
16% believed in ghosts.
14% believed in creationism or intelligent design.[228][229]

Sociology professor Phil Zuckerman claims that Swedes, despite a lack of belief in God, commonly question the term atheist, preferring to call themselves Christians while being content with remaining in the Church of Sweden.[230] Other research has shown that religion in Sweden continues to play a role in cultural identity.[231] This is evidenced by the fact that around 70% of adults continue to remain members of the Swedish Church[232] despite having to pay a church tax; moreover, rates of baptism remain high and church weddings are increasing.[231]
Health
See also: Healthcare in Sweden and Swedish National Board of Health and Welfare
Healthcare in Sweden is similar in quality to other developed nations. Sweden ranks in the top five countries with respect to low infant mortality. It also ranks high in life expectancy and in safe drinking water. A person seeking care first contacts a clinic for a doctor's appointment, and may then be referred to a specialist by the clinic physician, who may in turn recommend either in-patient or out-patient treatment, or an elective care option. The health care is governed by the 21 landsting of Sweden and is mainly funded by taxes, with nominal fees for patients.
Education
Main article: Education in Sweden




Uppsala University (established 1477)


Children aged 1–5 years old are guaranteed a place in a public kindergarten (Swedish: förskola or, colloquially, dagis). Between the ages of 6 and 16, children attend compulsory comprehensive school. In the Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA), Swedish 15-year-old pupils score close to the OECD average.[233] After completing the 9th grade, about 90% of the students continue with a three-year upper secondary school (gymnasium), which can lead to both a job qualification or entrance eligibility to university. The school system is largely financed by taxes.
The Swedish government treats public and independent schools equally[234] by introducing education vouchers in 1992 as one of the first countries in the world after the Netherlands. Anyone can establish a for-profit school and the municipality must pay new schools the same amount as municipal schools get. School lunch is free for all students in Sweden, and providing breakfast is also encouraged.[235]
There are a number of different universities and colleges in Sweden, the oldest and largest of which are situated in Uppsala, Lund, Gothenburg and Stockholm. In 2000, 32% of Swedish people held a tertiary degree, making the country 5th in the OECD in that category.[236] Along with several other European countries, the government also subsidises tuition of international students pursuing a degree at Swedish institutions, although a recent bill passed in the Riksdag will limit this subsidy to students from EEA countries and Switzerland.[237]
Immigration
Main article: Immigration to Sweden




Immigrants (red) and emigrants (blue), Sweden 1850–2007


Immigration has been a major source of population growth and cultural change throughout much of the history of Sweden, and in recent centuries the country has been transformed from a nation of net emigration, ending after World War I, to a nation of net immigration, from World War II onwards. The economic, social, and political aspects of immigration have caused controversy regarding ethnicity, economic benefits, jobs for non-immigrants, settlement patterns, impact on upward social mobility, crime, and voting behaviour.[238]
There are no exact numbers on the ethnic background of migrants and their descendants in Sweden because the Swedish government does not base any statistics on ethnicity. This is, however, not to be confused with the migrants' national backgrounds, which are recorded.
In 1998, there were 1,746,921 inhabitants of a foreign background (foreign-born and children of international migrants), comprising around 20% of the Swedish population. Around 1,216,659, or 70%, came from Scandinavia and the rest of Europe and 530,262, or 30%, came from the rest of the world.[239]
Around 27% or 2,000,000 inhabitants of Sweden had a full or partial foreign background in 2011.[240][241][242] Of these inhabitants, 1,427,296 persons living in Sweden were born abroad. In addition, 430,253 persons were born in Sweden to two parents born abroad and another 666,723 persons had one parent born abroad (with the other parent born in Sweden). Thus, with the total population in 2011 being 9,482,855, roughly 15% of the population was born abroad, 4.5% of the population was born in Sweden to two parents born abroad, and another 7% was born in Sweden to one parent born abroad. Around 26.5% of the Swedish population is, at least partly, of foreign descent.[240]




Population by ancestry, Sweden 2002–2011


According to Eurostat, in 2010, there were 1.33 million foreign-born residents in Sweden, corresponding to 14.3% of the total population. Of these, 859 000 (9.2%) were born outside the EU and 477 000 (5.1%) were born in another EU Member State.[243][244]
In 2009, immigration reached its highest level since records began, with 102,280 people emigrating to Sweden.[245] Immigrants in Sweden are mostly concentrated in the urban areas of Svealand and Götaland.[244] Since the early 1970s, immigration to Sweden has been mostly due to refugee migration and family reunification from countries in the Middle East and Latin America.[246] In 2013, Sweden granted 29,000 people asylum,[247] an increase of 67% compared to 2012.[247]
The ten largest groups of foreign-born persons in the Swedish civil registry in 2016 were from:[248]

 Finland (153,620)
 Syria (149,418)
 Iraq (135,129)
 Poland (88,704)
 Iran (70,637)
 Former Yugoslavia (66,539)
 Somalia (63,853)
 Bosnia and Herzegovina (58,181)
 Germany (50,189)
 Turkey (47,060)

Culture
Main article: Culture of Sweden




Nationalmuseum in Stockholm


Sweden has many authors of worldwide recognition including August Strindberg, Astrid Lindgren, and Nobel Prize winners Selma Lagerlöf and Harry Martinson. In total seven Nobel Prizes in Literature have been awarded to Swedes. The nation's most well-known artists are painters such as Carl Larsson and Anders Zorn, and the sculptors Tobias Sergel and Carl Milles.
Swedish 20th-century culture is noted by pioneering works in the early days of cinema, with Mauritz Stiller and Victor Sjöström. In the 1920s–1980s, the filmmaker Ingmar Bergman and actors Greta Garbo and Ingrid Bergman became internationally noted people within cinema. More recently, the films of Lukas Moodysson and Lasse Hallström have received international recognition.
Throughout the 1960s and 1970s Sweden was seen as an international leader in what is now referred to as the "sexual revolution", with gender equality having particularly been promoted.[249] At the present time, the number of single people is one of the highest in the world. The early Swedish film I Am Curious (Yellow) (1967) reflected a liberal view of sexuality, including scenes of love making that caught international attention, and introduced the concept of the "Swedish sin" that had been introduced earlier in the US with Ingmar Bergman's Summer with Monika.
The image of "hot love and cold people" emerged. Sexual liberalism was seen as part of modernisation process that by breaking down traditional borders would lead to the emancipation of natural forces and desires.[250]
Sweden has also become very liberal towards homosexuality, as is reflected in the popular acceptance of films such as Show Me Love, which is about two young lesbians in the small Swedish town of Åmål. Since 1 May 2009, Sweden repealed its "registered partnership" laws and fully replaced them with gender-neutral marriage,[251] Sweden also offers domestic partnerships for both same-sex and opposite-sex couples. Cohabitation (sammanboende) by couples of all ages, including teenagers as well as elderly couples, is widespread. Recently, Sweden is experiencing a baby boom.[252]
Music
Main article: Music of Sweden




The Swedish band ABBA in April 1974, a few days after they won the Eurovision Song Contest


Sweden has a rich musical tradition, ranging from mediaeval folk ballads to hip hop music. The music of the pre-Christian Norse has been lost to history, although historical re-creations have been attempted based on instruments found in Viking sites. The instruments used were the lur (a sort of trumpet), simple string instruments, wooden flutes and drums. It is possible that the Viking musical legacy lives on in some of the old Swedish folk music. Sweden has a significant folk-music scene, both in the traditional style as well as more modern interpretations which often mix in elements of rock and jazz. There is also Sami music, called the joik, which is actually a type of chant which is part of the traditional Saami animistic spirituality but has gained recognition in the international world of folk music. Sweden's most classic and notable composers includes Carl Michael Bellman and Franz Berwald.
Sweden also has a prominent choral music tradition, deriving in part from the cultural importance of Swedish folk songs. In fact, out of a population of 9.5 million, it is estimated that five to six hundred thousand people sing in choirs.[253]
In 2007, with over 800 million dollars in revenue, Sweden was the third-largest music exporter in the world and surpassed only by the US and the UK.[254][255][better source needed] According to one source 2013, Sweden produces the most chart hits per capita in the world, followed by the UK and the USA.[256] ABBA was one of the first internationally well known popular music bands from Sweden, and still ranks among the most prominent bands in the world, with about 370 million records sold. With ABBA, Sweden entered into a new era, in which Swedish pop music gained international prominence.




The Gothenburg Opera House


There have been many other internationally successful bands since, such as Roxette, Ace of Base, Europe, A-teens, The Cardigans, Robyn, The Hives and Soundtrack of Our Lives, to name some of the biggest.
Sweden has also become known for a large number of heavy metal bands, including Bathory, Opeth, Amon Amarth and Ghost. The renowned neo-classical power metal guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen is also from Sweden.
Starting in the 1990s, Denniz Pop's Cheiron Studios became an international hit factory, with his disciple Max Martin responsible for Britney Spears' breakthrough songs and for shaping the whole boy-band boom at the turn of the millennium with global hits for groups like the Backstreet Boys and 'N Sync. In the mid-2000s, Martin came back with a more rock-tinged sound and produced major hits with artists such as Kelly Clarkson, Pink and Katy Perry. Another producer worth mentioning is RedOne, a Moroccan-Swede who is the creator of a slew of hits for Lady Gaga.
Sweden is one of the most successful competing nations at the Eurovision Song Contest, with a total of six victories in the contest (1974, 1984, 1991, 1999, 2012 and 2015), right behind Ireland who have seven wins. In Eurovision Song Contest each participating country submits an original song to be performed on live television and radio; however, no restriction on the nationality of the songwriter and the artist exists which has resulted in countries being represented by songwriters and artist who are not nationals of that country. In recent years Swedish songwriters have been involved in the writing entirely or partly of entries from several countries including Sweden. For instance, in the 2012 edition of Eurovision Song Contest, Swedish songwriters and producers featured in 10 out of the 42 songs that qualified for the contest; in 2013, the numbers were 7 songs out of the 39 songs in the contest; in 2014, 7 songs out of 37 songs in the contest; in 2015, 8 songs out of 40 songs in the contest; in 2016, 12 songs out of 42 songs in the contest.
Sweden has a rather lively jazz scene. During the last sixty years or so it has attained a remarkably high artistic standard, stimulated by domestic as well as external influences and experiences. The Centre for Swedish Folk Music and Jazz Research has published an overview of jazz in Sweden by Lars Westin.[257]
Architecture
Main article: Architecture of Sweden




Djurgårdsbron


Before the 13th century almost all buildings were made of timber, but a shift began towards stone. Early Swedish stone buildings are the Romanesque churches on the country side. As so happens, many of them were built in Scania and are in effect Danish churches. This would include the Lund Cathedral from the 11th century and the somewhat younger church in Dalby, but also many early Gothic churches built through influences of the Hanseatic League, such as in Ystad, Malmö and Helsingborg.
Cathedrals in other parts of Sweden were also built as seats of Sweden's bishops. The Skara Cathedral is of bricks from the 14th century, and the Uppsala Cathedral in the 15th. In 1230 the foundations of the Linköping Cathedral were made, the material was there limestone, but the building took some 250 years to finish.
Among older structures are also some significant fortresses and other historical buildings such as at Borgholm Castle, Halltorps Manor and Eketorp fortress on the island Öland, the Nyköping fortress and the Visby city wall.




Kalmar Cathedral


Around 1520 Sweden was out of the Middle Ages and united under King Gustav Vasa, who immediately initiated grand mansions, castles and fortresses to be built. Some of the more magnificent include the Kalmar fortress, the Gripsholm Castle and the one at Vadstena.
In the next two centuries, Sweden was designated by Baroque architecture and later the rococo. Notable projects from that time include the city Karlskrona, which has now also been declared a World Heritage Site and the Drottningholm Palace.
1930 was the year of the great Stockholm exhibition, which marked the breakthrough of Functionalism, or "funkis" as it became known. The style came to dominate in the following decades. Some notable projects of this kind were the Million Programme, offering affordable living in large apartment complexes.
Media
Main article: Media in Sweden




Headquarters of Sveriges Television in Stockholm


Swedes are among the greatest consumers of newspapers in the world, and nearly every town is served by a local paper. The country's main quality morning papers are Dagens Nyheter (liberal), Göteborgs-Posten (liberal), Svenska Dagbladet (liberal conservative) and Sydsvenska Dagbladet (liberal). The two largest evening tabloids are Aftonbladet (social democratic) and Expressen (liberal). The ad-financed, free international morning paper, Metro International, was founded in Stockholm, Sweden. The country's news is reported in English by, among others, The Local (liberal).[258]
The public broadcasting companies held a monopoly on radio and television for a long time in Sweden. Licence funded radio broadcasts started in 1925. A second radio network was started in 1954 and a third opened 1962 in response to pirate radio stations. Non-profit community radio was allowed in 1979 and in 1993 commercial local radio started.
The licence-funded television service was officially launched in 1956. A second channel, TV2, was launched in 1969. These two channels (operated by Sveriges Television since the late 1970s) held a monopoly until the 1980s when cable and satellite television became available. The first Swedish language satellite service was TV3 which started broadcasting from London in 1987. It was followed by Kanal 5 in 1989 (then known as Nordic Channel) and TV4 in 1990.
In 1991 the government announced it would begin taking applications from private television companies wishing to broadcast on the terrestrial network. TV4, which had previously been broadcasting via satellite, was granted a permit and began its terrestrial broadcasts in 1992, becoming the first private channel to broadcast television content from within the country.
Around half the population are connected to cable television. Digital terrestrial television in Sweden started in 1999 and the last analogue terrestrial broadcasts were terminated in 2007.
Literature
Main article: Swedish literature




The writer and playwright August Strindberg


The first literary text from Sweden is the Rök Runestone, carved during the Viking Age c. 800 AD. With the conversion of the land to Christianity around 1100 AD, Sweden entered the Middle Ages, during which monastic writers preferred to use Latin. Therefore, there are only a few texts in the Old Swedish from that period. Swedish literature only flourished when the Swedish language was standardised in the 16th century, a standardisation largely due to the full translation of the Bible into Swedish in 1541. This translation is the so-called Gustav Vasa Bible.
With improved education and the freedom brought by secularisation, the 17th century saw several notable authors develop the Swedish language further. Some key figures include Georg Stiernhielm (17th century), who was the first to write classical poetry in Swedish; Johan Henric Kellgren (18th century), the first to write fluent Swedish prose; Carl Michael Bellman (late 18th century), the first writer of burlesque ballads; and August Strindberg (late 19th century), a socio-realistic writer and playwright who won worldwide fame. The early 20th century continued to produce notable authors, such as Selma Lagerlöf, (Nobel laureate 1909), Verner von Heidenstam (Nobel laureate 1916) and Pär Lagerkvist (Nobel laureate 1951).
In recent decades, a handful of Swedish writers have established themselves internationally, including the detective novelist Henning Mankell and the writer of spy fiction Jan Guillou. The Swedish writer to have made the most lasting impression on world literature is the children's book writer Astrid Lindgren, and her books about Pippi Longstocking, Emil, and others. In 2008, the second best-selling fiction author in the world was Stieg Larsson, whose Millennium series of crime novels is being published posthumously to critical acclaim.[259] Larsson drew heavily on the work of Lindgren by basing his central character, Lisbeth Salander, on Longstocking.[260]
Holidays
Main article: Public holidays in Sweden




Walpurgis Night bonfire in Sweden


Apart from traditional Protestant Christian holidays, Sweden also celebrates some unique holidays, some of a pre-Christian tradition. They include Midsummer celebrating the summer solstice; Walpurgis Night (Valborgsmässoafton) on 30 April lighting bonfires; and Labour Day or Mayday on 1 May is dedicated to socialist demonstrations. The day of giver-of-light Saint Lucia, 13 December, is widely acknowledged in elaborate celebrations which betoken its Italian origin and commence the month-long Christmas season.
6 June is the National Day of Sweden and has since 2005 been a public holiday. Furthermore, there are official flag day observances and a Namesdays in Sweden calendar. In August many Swedes have kräftskivor (crayfish dinner parties). Martin of Tours Eve is celebrated in Scania in November with Mårten Gås parties, where roast goose and svartsoppa ('black soup', made of goose stock, fruit, spices, spirits and goose blood) are served. The Sami, one of Sweden's indigenous minorities, have their holiday on 6 February and Scania celebrate their Scanian Flag day on the third Sunday in July.
Cuisine




Swedish saffron buns


Main article: Swedish cuisine




Swedish knäckebröd (crisp bread)


Swedish cuisine, like that of the other Scandinavian countries (Denmark, Norway and Finland), was traditionally simple. Fish (particularly herring), meat, potatoes and dairy products played prominent roles. Spices were sparse. Famous preparations include Swedish meatballs, traditionally served with gravy, boiled potatoes and lingonberry jam; pancakes; lutfisk; and the smörgåsbord, or lavish buffet. Akvavit is a popular alcoholic distilled beverage, and the drinking of snaps is of cultural importance. The traditional flat and dry crisp bread has developed into several contemporary variants. Regionally important foods are the surströmming (a fermented fish) in northern Sweden and eel in Scania in southern Sweden.
Swedish traditional dishes, some of which are many hundreds of years old, others perhaps a century or less, are still a very important part of Swedish everyday meals, in spite of the fact that modern-day Swedish cuisine adopts many international dishes.
In August, at the traditional feast known as crayfish party, kräftskiva, Swedes eat large amounts of crayfish boiled with dill.
Cinema
Main article: Cinema of Sweden
Swedes have been fairly prominent in the film area through the years. A number of Swedish people have found success in Hollywood, including Ingrid Bergman, Greta Garbo and Max von Sydow. Amongst several directors who have made internationally successful films can be mentioned Ingmar Bergman, Lukas Moodysson and Lasse Hallström.
Fashion
Interest in fashion is big in Sweden and the country is headquartering famous brands like Hennes & Mauritz (operating as H&M), J. Lindeberg (operating as JL), Acne, Lindex, Odd Molly, Cheap Monday, Gant, WESC, Filippa K, and Nakkna within its borders. These companies, however, are composed largely of buyers who import fashionable goods from throughout Europe and America, continuing the trend of Swedish business toward multinational economic dependency like many of its neighbours.
Sports
Main article: Sport in Sweden




Former World No. 1 tennis player Björn Borg


Sport activities are a national movement with half of the population actively participating in organised sporting activities. The two main spectator sports are football and ice hockey. Second to football, horse sports have the highest number of practitioners who are mostly women. Thereafter, golf, track and field, and the team sports of handball, floorball, basketball and bandy are the most popular.
The Swedish national men's ice hockey team, affectionately known as Tre Kronor (English: Three Crowns; the national symbol of Sweden), is regarded as one of the best in the world. The team has won the World Championships nine times, placing them third in the all-time medal count. Tre Kronor also won Olympic gold medals in 1994 and 2006. In 2006, Tre Kronor became the first national hockey team to win both the Olympic and world championships in the same year. The Swedish national football team has seen some success at the World Cup in the past, finishing second when they hosted the tournament in 1958, and third twice, in 1950 and 1994. Athletics has enjoyed a surge in popularity due to several successful athletes in recent years, such as Carolina Klüft and Stefan Holm.
Sweden hosted the 1912 Summer Olympics, Equestrian at the 1956 Summer Olympics and the FIFA World Cup in 1958. Other big sports events include the UEFA Euro 1992, 1995 FIFA Women's World Cup, 1995 World Championships in Athletics, UEFA Women's Euro 2013, and several championships of ice hockey, curling, athletics, skiing, bandy, figure skating and swimming.
Successful football players include Gunnar Nordahl, Gunnar Gren, Nils Liedholm, Henrik Larsson, Fredrik Ljungberg, Caroline Seger, Lotta Schelin, Hedvig Lindahl, and Zlatan Ibrahimović. Successful tennis players include former world number 1 players Björn Borg, Mats Wilander and Stefan Edberg. Other famous Swedish athletes include the heavyweight boxing champion and International Boxing Hall of Famer Ingemar Johansson, World Golf Hall of Famer Annika Sörenstam, and multiple World Championships and Olympics medalist in table tennis Jan-Ove Waldner. Due to its northerly latitude numerous world class winter sports athletes have come from Sweden. This includes alpine skiers Ingemar Stenmark, Anja Pärson and Pernilla Wiberg as well as cross country-skiers Gunde Svan, Thomas Wassberg, Charlotte Kalla and Marcus Hellner, all Olympic gold medalists.
In 2016 The Swedish Poker Federation (Svepof) has joined The International Federation of Poker (IFP).[261]
See also





Book: Sweden





Outline of Sweden

Notes



^ In recognized minority languages of Sweden:



Finnish: Ruotsin kuningaskunta
Meänkieli: Ruotsiin kuningaskunta
Northern Sami: Ruoŧŧa gonagasriika
Romani: Thagaripen e Suediyako
Yiddish: Kenigreykh fun Shvedn קעניגרייך פון שוועדן‎




^ The State (Swedish: staten) is also descriptively translated into English as the "central government", not to be confused with the Government, i.e. the cabinet which is but one organ of the State.
^ An alternate English translation is "local governments".




References


^ "Mottoes of The Kings and Queens of Sweden". www.kungahuset.se. Royal Court of Sweden. Retrieved 22 December 2015. 
^ Norborg, Lars-Arne. "svensk–norska unionen". ne.se (in Swedish). Nationalencyklopedin. Retrieved 6 August 2015. 
^ a b c Key figures for Sweden. Statistics Sweden. Retrieved 10 July 2017.
^ a b c d "Sweden". International Monetary Fund. 
^ "Gini coefficient of equivalised disposable income (source: SILC)". Eurostat Data Explorer. Retrieved 14 October 2015. 
^ "2016 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. 2016. Retrieved 23 March 2017. 
^ a b "Språklag (2009:600)" (in Swedish). Riksdag. 28 May 2009. Retrieved 10 November 2014. 
^ a b c d Landes, David (1 July 2009). "Swedish becomes official 'main language'". The Local. Retrieved 15 July 2009. 
^ "Är svenskan också officiellt språk i Sverige?" [Is Swedish also an official language in Sweden?] (in Swedish). Swedish Language Council. 1 February 2008. Archived from the original on 6 February 2014. Retrieved 22 June 2008. 
^ "Summary of Population Statistics 1960–2012". Statistics Sweden. Archived from the original on 17 March 2013. Retrieved 9 June 2013. 
^ Note that Swedish-speaking Finns or other Swedish-speakers born outside Sweden might identify as Swedish despite being born abroad. Moreover, people born in Sweden may not be ethnic Swedes. As the Swedish government does not base any statistics on ethnicity, there are no exact numbers on the ethnic background of migrants and their descendants in Sweden. This is not, however, to be confused with migrants' national backgrounds, which are recorded.
^ a b Yearbook of Housing and Building Statistics 2007
^ Birnbaum, Ben (2 December 2010). "WikiLeaks reveal Swedes gave intel on Russia, Iran". The Washington Times. Retrieved 10 June 2013. 
^ Davidson, Kavitha A. (21 March 2013). "Democracy Index 2013: Global Democracy At A Standstill, The Economist Intelligence Unit's Annual Report Shows". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 27 August 2013. 
^ "2013 Human Development Report" (PDF). United Nations Development Programme. Retrieved 28 July 2013. 
^ "OECD Better Life Index". OECD Publishing. Retrieved 27 August 2013. 
^ "2013 Legatum Prosperity Index™: Global prosperity rising while US and UK economies decline". Legatum. Archived from the original on 6 August 2014. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ a b "Global Competitiveness Report 2012–2013". World Economic Forum. 5 September 2012. Archived from the original on 10 December 2014. Retrieved 9 June 2013. 
^ Hellquist, Elof (1922). Svensk etymologisk ordbok [Swedish etymological dictionary] (in Swedish). Lund: Gleerup. p. 917. 
^ Hellquist, Elof (1922). Svensk etymologisk ordbok [Swedish etymological dictionary] (in Swedish). Lund: Gleerup. p. 915. 
^ Quoted from: Gwyn Jones. A History of the Vikings. Oxford University Press, 2001. ISBN 0-19-280134-1. Page 164.
^ a b Sawyer, Birgit; Sawyer, Peter (1993). Medieval Scandinavia: from Conversion to Reformation, Circa 800–1500. University of Minnesota Press. pp. 150–153. ISBN 0-8166-1739-2. 
^ Bagge, Sverre (2005). "The Scandinavian Kingdoms". In McKitterick, Rosamond. The New Cambridge Medieval History. Cambridge University Press. p. 724. ISBN 0-521-36289-X. Swedish expansion in Finland led to conflicts with Rus', which were temporarily brought to an end by a peace treaty in 1323, dividing the Karelian peninsula and the northern areas between the two countries. 
^ Ann-Marie, Ivars, Lena Hulden (ed.) (2002). När Kommer Svenskarna till Finland?. Helsinki: Studier utg. av Svenska Litteratursällskapet i Finland 646. CS1 maint: Extra text: authors list (link)
^ Meinander, Carl Fredrik (1983). Om svenskarnes inflyttningar till Finland. Historisk Tidskrift för Finland 3/1983. 
^ Tarkiainen, Kari (2008). Sveriges Österland: Från forntiden till Gustav Vasa. Finlands svenska historia 1. Skrifter utgivna av Svenska litteratursällskapet i Finland 702:1. Helsinki: Svenska litteratursällskapet i Finland; Stockholm: Atlantis. 
^ Scott, Franklin D. (1977). Sweden: The Nation's History. Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press. p. 58. 
^ Westrin, Theodor, ed. (1920). Nordisk familjebok: konversationslexikon och realencyklopedi. Bd 30 (in Swedish) (New, rev. and richly ill. ed.). Stockholm: Nordisk familjeboks förl. pp. 159–160. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ Scott, p. 55.
^ Scott, pp. 55–56.
^ Scott, pp. 56–57.
^ Scott, p. 121.
^ Hoyt, Robert S.; Chodorow, Stanley (1976). Europe in the Middle Ages. New York: Harcourt, Brace & Jovanovich, Inc. p. 628. 
^ Wolfe, John B. (1962). The Emergence of European Civilization. New York: Harper & Row Pub. pp. 50–51. 
^ Scott, p. 52.
^ Scott
^ Scott, p. 132.
^ Scott, pp. 156–157.
^ "A Political and Social History of Modern Europe V.1./Hayes..." Hayes, Carlton J. H. (1882–1964), Title: A Political and Social History of Modern Europe V.1., 2002-12-08, Project Gutenberg, webpage: Infomot-7hsr110. Archived 17 November 2007 at the Wayback Machine.
^ However, Sweden's largest territorial extent lasted from 1319 to 1343 with Magnus Eriksson ruling all of the traditional lands of Sweden and Norway.
^ "Gustav I Vasa – Britannica Concise" (biography), Britannica Concise, 2007, webpage: EBConcise-Gustav-I-Vasa.
^ "Battle of Kircholm 1605". Kismeta.com. Retrieved 25 August 2010. 
^ "Finland and the Swedish Empire". Library of Congress Country Studies. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ Ewan, Elizabeth; Nugent, Janay (2008). Finding the family in medieval and early modern Scotland. Ashgate Publishing. p. 153. ISBN 0-7546-6049-4. 
^ Losses statistics at Militaria. (Swedish)
^ Tore Frängsmyr, "Ostindiska Kompaniet", Publisher- "Bokförlaget Bra Böcker", Höganäs, 1976. (No ISBN to be found), backside overview and
^ Magocsi, Paul Robert, ed. (1998). Encyclopedia of Canada's Peoples. University of Minnesota Press. p. 1220. ISBN 0-8020-2938-8. 
^ a b Einhorn, Eric; Logue, John (1989). Modern Welfare States: Politics and Policies in Social Democratic Scandinavia. Praeger Publishers. p. 9. ISBN 978-0275931889. Though Denmark, where industrialization had begun in the 1850s, was reasonably prosperous by the end of the nineteenth century, both Sweden and Norway were terribly poor. Only the safety valve of mass emigration to America prevented famine and rebellion. At the peak of emigration in the 1880s, over 1% of the total population of both countries emigrated annually. 
^ Koblik, Steven (1975). Sweden's Development From Poverty to Affluence, 1750–1970. University of Minnesota Press. pp. 8–9. ISBN 978-0816607662. In economic and social terms the eighteenth century was more a transitional than a revolutionary period. Sweden was, in light of contemporary Western European standards, a relatively poor but stable country. ...It has been estimated that 75–80% of the population was involved in agricultural pursuits during the late eighteenth century. One hundred years later, the corresponding figure was still 72%. 
^ Einhorn, Eric and John Logue (1989), p. 8.
^ Ulf Beijbom, "European emigration", The House of Emigrants, Växjö, Sweden Archived 3 August 2008 at the Wayback Machine.
^ a b Koblik, pp. 9–10.
^ "Sweden: Social and economic conditions (2007)". Britannica.com. 
^ Koblik, p. 11: "The agrarian revolution in Sweden is of fundamental importance for Sweden's modern development. Throughout Swedish history the countryside has taken an unusually important role in comparison with other European states."
^ Koblik, p. 90. "It is usually suggested that between 1870 and 1914 Sweden emerged from its primarily agrarian economic system into a modern industrial economy."
^ Siney, Marion C. (1975). "Swedish neutrality and economic warfare in World War I". Conspectus of History. 1 (2). 
^ a b c Koblik, pp. 303–313.
^ Nordstrom, p. 315: "Sweden's government attempted to maintain at least a semblance of neutrality while it bent to the demands of the prevailing side in the struggle.[citation needed] Although effective in preserving the country's sovereignty, this approach generated criticism at home from many who believed the threat to Sweden was less serious than the government claimed, problems with the warring powers, ill feelings among its neighbours, and frequent criticism in the postwar period."
^ a b c d e Nordstrom, pp. 313–319.
^ Zubicky, Sioma (1997). Med förintelsen i bagaget (in Swedish). Stockholm: Bonnier Carlsen. p. 122. ISBN 91-638-3436-7. 
^ "Raoul Wallenberg". Jewishvirtuallibrary.org. 
^ a b Nordstrom, pp. 335–339.
^ a b Globalization and Taxation: Challenges to the Swedish Welfare State. By Sven Steinmo.
^ "Finland: Now, the Seven and a Half". Time. 7 April 1961. Retrieved 18 July 2009. 
^ Nordstrom, p. 344: "During the last twenty-five years of the century a host of problems plagued the economies of Norden and the West. Although many were present before, the 1973 and 1980 global oil crises acted as catalysts in bringing them to the fore."
^ Krantz, Olle; Schön, Lennart (2007). Swedish Historical National Accounts, 1800–2000. Lund: Almqvist and Wiksell International. [page needed]
^ Englund, P. 1990. "Financial deregulation in Sweden." European Economic Review 34 (2–3): 385–393. Korpi TBD. Meidner, R. 1997. "The Swedish model in an era of mass unemployment." Economic and Industrial Democracy 18 (1): 87–97. Olsen, Gregg M. 1999. "Half empty or half full? The Swedish welfare state in transition." Canadian Review of Sociology & Anthropology, 36 (2): 241–268.
^ "Sweden's 'Crazy' 500% Interest Rate; Fails to Faze Most Citizens, Businesses; Hike Seen as Short-Term Move to Protect Krona From Devaluation". Highbeam.com. 18 September 1992. Retrieved 3 August 2010. 
^ Jonung, Lars; Kiander, Jaakko; Vartia, Pentti (2009). The Great Financial Crisis in Finland and Sweden. Edward Elgar Publishing. ISBN 1-84844-305-6. 
^ "New Swedish weapon in Iraq". The Local. 7 February 2006. Archived from the original on 29 April 2013. Retrieved 10 June 2013. 
^ "Rioting breaks out in Malmö suburb". The Local. Archived from the original on 26 July 2013. Retrieved 30 June 2013. 
^ "Fires and rioting after Malmö suburb unrest". The Local. Archived from the original on 5 February 2013. Retrieved 30 June 2013. 
^ "Sweden Riots Put Faces to Statistics as Stockholm Burns". Bloomberg News. Retrieved 30 June 2013. 
^ a b Higgins, Andrew (26 May 2013). "In Sweden, Riots Put an Identity in Question". The New York Times. Retrieved June 2013.  Check date values in: |access-date= (help)
^ "Sweden parties reach budget deal to avoid snap election". BBC News. 27 December 2014. Retrieved 9 January 2016. 
^ Bilefsky, Dan (5 January 2016). "Sweden and Denmark add border controls to stem flows of migrants". The New York Times. Retrieved 9 January 2016. 
^ "Country Comparison: Area". Central Intelligence Agency. Cia.gov. Retrieved 19 August 2010. 
^ "Göta kanal official website". Göta Canal. Retrieved 9 January 2016. 
^ "BBC Climate and the Gulf Stream". BBC. Retrieved 29 October 2008. 
^ "The Gulf Stream Myth". Lamont–Doherty Earth Observatory. Retrieved 29 October 2008. 
^ "Global Climate Maps". Food and Agriculture Organization. Archived from the original on 17 November 2006. 
^ "Normal solskenstid för ett år" (in Swedish). Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute. Retrieved 27 January 2010. 
^ can be seen in the table below which rely on SMHI official data for the latest fixed 30-year period, 1961 to 1990
^ "Precipitation, Sunshine & Radiation for January 2015 (all-time records section)" (PDF) (in Swedish). Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute. Retrieved 31 October 2015. 
^ "Temperature & Wind – January 2015 (all-time records section)" (PDF) (in Swedish). Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute. Retrieved 31 October 2015. 
^ "Tropiska nätter" [Tropical nights] (in Swedish). Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute. Retrieved 9 January 2016. 
^ The weather stations' names and numbers are first found at "Archived copy" (PDF). Archived (PDF) from the original on 3 March 2016. Retrieved 12 May 2015. 
^ Then every average temperatures for each months and annual average is then found at http://data.smhi.se/met/climate/time_series/month_year/normal_1961_1990/SMHI_month_year_normal_61_90_temperature_celsius.txt[permanent dead link]
^ "H.M. King Carl XVI Gustaf". Royal Court of Sweden. Retrieved 9 November 2014. 
^ a b "The Constitution". The Riksdag. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ Petersson: pp. 38–40.
^ Larsson & Bäck: pp. 16–18.
^ a b c Larsson & Bäck: pp. 212–215.
^ Petersson: p. 92.
^ Petersson: p. 174.
^ a b Petersson: p. 79.
^ Larsson & Bäck: p. 210.
^ Petersson: pp. 79–82.
^ Petersson: pp. 80–82.
^ "Monarchy: A modern royal family". Sweden.se. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ "The Instrument of Government". The Riksdag. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ "The Head of State". Government of Sweden. Archived from the original on 25 February 2014. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ a b "Duties of the Monarch". Royal Court of Sweden. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ "A new government is formed". The Riksdag. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ "Annual Report 2012" (PDF). Royal Court of Sweden. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ "The Riksdag Act – almost a fundamental law". The Riksdag. Archived from the original on 24 October 2014. Retrieved 9 November 2014. 
^ "The Swedish Government Offices – a historical perspective". Government Offices of Sweden. Archived from the original on 24 October 2014. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ "Forming a government". The Riksdag. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ "The Instrument of Government (as of 2012)" (PDF). The Riksdag. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ "The Swedish courts". Swedish National Courts Administration. Retrieved 9 November 2014. 
^ Terrill 2009, p. 243.
^ Terrill 2009, p. 246.
^ "Center–right wins Swedish election — but short of majority". Sveriges Radio International/Radio Sweden. 20 September 2010. Archived from the original on 11 May 2012. 
^ The Official Website of the Swedish Election Authority. "Val till riksdagen". Election Authority. 
^ a b "Beslut 2014-09-20" (PDF) (in Swedish). Election Authority. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ "Sweden's new Government". Government Offices of Sweden. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ "Change of Government Council at the Royal Palace of Stockholm". Royal Court of Sweden. Retrieved 8 November 2014. 
^ "Röster – Val 2014" (in Swedish). Election Authority. Retrieved 15 February 2016. 
^ Holmberg, Sören (1999). Norris, Pippa, ed. Critical Citizens: Global Support for Democratic Government. Oxford University Press. pp. 103–123. ISBN 0-19-829568-5. 
^ Swedish Association of Local Authorities and Regions, Municipalities, county councils and regions Archived 22 November 2016 at the Wayback Machine.; official translation of the Local Government Act Archived 20 February 2005 at the Wayback Machine. (Kommunallagen);About Stockholm County Council Archived 21 August 2016 at the Wayback Machine.
^ Hadenius, Stig; Nilsson, Torbjörn; Åselius, Gunnar (1996). Sveriges historia: vad varje svensk bör veta [History of Sweden: what every Swede should know] (in Swedish). Stockholm: Bonnier Alba. ISBN 91-34-51784-7. :


 
Hur och när det svenska riket uppstod vet vi inte. Först under 1100-talet börjar skriftliga dokument produceras i Sverige i någon större omfattning […]
 
How and when the Swedish kingdom appeared is not known. It is not until the 12th century that written document begin to be produced in Sweden in any larger extent […]



^ "Kungl. Maj:ts kungörelse med anledning av konung Gustaf VI Adolfs frånfälle" (in Swedish). Lagen.nu. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ a b "The history of the Riksdag". Riksdag. Retrieved 9 June 2013. 
^ Baten, Jörg (2016). A History of the Global Economy. From 1500 to the Present. Cambridge University Press. p. 22. ISBN 9781107507180. 
^ "The Swedish Ban on Corporal Punishment: Its History and Effects". Nospank.net. Retrieved 10 July 2013. 
^ "Report On The Equality Between Men And Women" (PDF). Directorate-General for Employment, Social Affairs and Inclusion. European Commission. February 2006. Archived from the original (PDF) on 17 August 2007. 
^ "Nordic countries rank highest in gender equality". Norden.org. Retrieved 6 May 2009. 
^ "The Swedish courts". Swedish National Courts Administration. Archived from the original on 9 February 2009. 
^ van Dijk, Jan; Robert Manchin; John van Kesteren; Sami Nevala; Gergely Hideg (2005). "EUICS report, The Burden of Crime in the EU, A Comparative Analysis of the" (PDF). Archived from the original (PDF) on 15 December 2011. 
^ Orange, Richard (11 November 2013). "Sweden closes four prisons as number of inmates plummets". The Guardian. Retrieved 15 November 2013. 
^ Nordstrom p. 302: "In fact, the plans were mostly a ruse to establish control of the crucial Norwegian port of Narvik and the iron mines of northern Sweden, which were vitally important to the German war efforts."
^ As context, according to Edwin Reischauer, "To be neutral you must be ready to be highly militarized, like Switzerland or Sweden." – see Chapin, Emerson (2 September 1990). "Edwin Reischauer, Diplomat and Scholar, Dies at 79". The New York Times. Retrieved 16 February 2016. 
^ Nordstrom, p 336: "As a corollary, a security policy based on strong national defences designed to discourage, but not prevent, attack was pursued. For the next several decades, the Swedish poured an annual average of about 5% of GDP into making their defenses credible."
^ "Cold War Spy Plane Found in Baltic Sea". National Geographic News. 10 October 2003. Retrieved 10 June 2013. 
^ "Värnplikt" [Conscription] (in Swedish). Swedish Armed Forces. Retrieved 21 April 2010. [dead link]
^ "Allmänna värnplikten skrotas" [General conscription scrapped] (in Swedish). Sveriges Television. Archived from the original on 26 April 2011. Retrieved 21 April 2010. 
^ "Military conscription phase out under fire". The Local. Archived from the original on 22 January 2010. Retrieved 21 April 2010. 
^ Swedish Ministry of Defence (8 January 2008). "The EU Battlegroup Concept and the Nordic Battlegroup". Government Offices of Sweden. Archived from the original on 9 November 2007. Retrieved 19 January 2008. 
^ "EUROPE :: SWEDEN". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. Retrieved 16 February 2016. 
^ Anders Kjellberg (2017) Kollektivavtalens täckningsgrad samt organisationsgraden hos arbetsgivarförbund och fackförbund, Department of Sociology, Lund University. Studies in Social Policy, Industrial Relations, Working Life and Mobility. Research Reports 2017:1, Appendix 3 Tables A-G (in English)
^ Anders Kjellberg (2017) "Self-regulation versus State Regulation in Swedish Industrial Relations"[permanent dead link] In Mia Rönnmar and Jenny Julén Votinius (eds.) Festskrift till Ann Numhauser-Henning. Lund: Juristförlaget i Lund 2017, pp. 357-383
^ Anders Kjellberg (2011) "The Decline in Swedish Union Density since 2007" Nordic Journal of Working Life Studies (NJWLS) Vol. 1. No 1 (August 2011), pp. 67-93
^ Anders Kjellberg and Christian Lyhne Ibsen (2016) "Attacks on union organizing: Reversible and irreversible changes to the Ghent-systems in Sweden and Denmark" in Trine Pernille Larsen and Anna Ilsøe (eds.)(2016) Den Danske Model set udefra (The Danish Model Inside Out) - komparative perspektiver på dansk arbejdsmarkedsregulering, Copenhagen: Jurist- og Økonomforbundets Forlag (pp.279-302)
^ "The Real Wealth of Nations: Pathways to Human Development (2010 Human Development Report – see Human Development Statistical Tables)". United Nations Development Program. 2011. pp. 152–156. 
^ "Global Wealth Databook" (PDF). Credit Suisse (using Statistics Sweden data). 2010. pp. 14–15, 83–86. Archived from the original (PDF) on 23 October 2012. 
^ Edvinsson, Sören; Malmberg, Gunnar & Häggström Lundevaller, Erling (2011). "Do unequal societies cause death and disease?". Umeå University. 
^ "Doing Business Abroad – Innovation, Science and Technology". Infoexport.gc.ca. Archived from the original on 4 October 2006. Retrieved 6 May 2009. 
^ "High- and medium-high-technology manufacturing". Conferenceboard.ca. Retrieved 22 September 2012. 
^ "20 largest companies in Sweden". Largestcompanies.com. 6 October 2009. Retrieved 25 August 2010. [dead link]
^ a b c d e f "Economic survey of Sweden 2007". Oecd.org. 1 January 1970. Archived from the original on 26 April 2011. Retrieved 25 August 2010. 
^ "Pension Reform in Sweden: Lessons for American Policymakers". The Heritage Foundation. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ Gee, Oliver (8 April 2014). "Swedes to give six-hour workday a go". The Local. Retrieved 9 April 2014. 
^ a b "Revenue Statistics – Comparative tables". OECD, Europe. 2011. 
^ Agell, Jonas; Englund, Peter & Södersten, Jan (December 1996). "Tax reform of the Century – the Swedish Experiment" (PDF). National Tax Journal. 49 (4): 643–664. 
^ "Financial Crisis – Experiences from Sweden, Lars Heikensten (1998)". Swedish National Bank. 15 July 1998. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ Bengtsson, Niklas; Holmlund, Bertil & Waldenström, Daniel (June 2012). "Lifetime Versus Annual Tax Progressivity: Sweden, 1968–2009". Uppsala University. SSRN 2098702 .  Missing or empty |url= (help)
^ a b OECD Economic Surveys: Sweden – Volume 2005 Issue 9 by OECD Publishing
^ "2014 Global Green Economy Index" (PDF). Dual Citizen LLC. 19 October 2014. Retrieved 19 October 2014. 
^ "IMD World Competitiveness Yearbook 2013". Imd.ch. 30 May 2013. Retrieved 9 June 2013. 
^ ""Sweden most creative country in Europe & top talent hotspot". Archived from the original on 21 May 2007. Retrieved 11 February 2007. CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link), Invest in Sweden Agency, 25 June 2005. Retrieved from Internet Archive 13 January 2014.
^ "Sweden facing possible property bubble warns IMF". Sweden News.Net. 24 August 2014. Retrieved 26 August 2014. 
^ "Kraftläget i Sverige, Vattensituationen" (PDF). Archived from the original on 16 February 2008. Retrieved 19 April 2007. CS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknown (link) Retrieved from Internet Archive 13 January 2014.
^ "Nuclear Power in Sweden". World Nuclear Association. September 2009. Retrieved 29 January 2010. 
^ a b "NATURAL RESOURCE ASPECTS OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT IN SWEDEN". Agenda 21. United Nations. April 1997. Retrieved 17 February 2016. 
^ Vidal, John (8 February 2006). "Sweden plans to be world's first oil-free economy". The Guardian. London. Retrieved 13 March 2013. 
^ "Kraftläget i Sverige" [Power situation in Sweden] (PDF) (in Swedish). Svenskenergi.se. 
^ Kowalski, Oliver. "Ferry to Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Finland, Poland, Baltic, Russia, Germany.". www.ferrylines.com. Retrieved 28 August 2016. 
^ John Bitton and Nils-Åke Svensson, "Øresund sett från himlen" (Oresund seen from the sky), 2005, ISBN 918530510-3, page 38
^ "Tåg till Berlin – Berlin Night Express – Nattåg till Berlin InterRail – Snälltåget" (in Swedish). Snälltåget.se. 
^ At "Archived copy". Archived from the original on 24 December 2016. Retrieved 12 May 2015.  please press "Tidtabell 2 jan – 31 maj 2015" (Time table 2. January to 31. May 2015) for PDF download
^ "Boka båtbiljetter till och från Gotland". destinationgotland.se (in Swedish). 
^ "Ventrafiken -Upplev sundets pärla". ventrafiken.se (in Swedish). 
^ "OECD Factbook 2011–2012 (see Public Finance -> Social Expenditure)". OECD Publishing. 2012. 
^ "OECD Factbook 2011–2012 (see Education -> Education Expenditure)". OECD Publishing. 2012. 
^ "OECD Factbook 2011–2012 (see Health -> Health Expenditure)". OECD Publishing. 2012. 
^ Chang, Ha-Joon. Kicking Away The Ladder. pp. 39–42. 
^ Wilkinson, Richard; Pickett, Kate (8 March 2009). "The Spirit Level: Why More Equal Societies Almost Always Do Better" (PDF). Department of Health. Retrieved 16 February 2016. 
^ a b EU versus USA Archived 15 November 2016 at the Wayback Machine., Fredrik Bergström & Robert Gidehag
^ "Sweden's GDP per capita". Ekonomifakta.se. 16 September 2014. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ Asher, Jana; Osborne Daponte, Beth. "A Hypothetical Cohort Model of Human Development" (PDF). Human Development Research Paper: 41. Retrieved 30 December 2014. 
^ Pierre, Jon, ed. (2016). The Oxford Handbook of Swedish Politics (Oxford Handbooks). Oxford University Press. p. 573. ISBN 978-0199665679. 
^ Springer, Simon; Birch, Kean; MacLeavy, Julie, eds. (2016). The Handbook of Neoliberalism. Routledge. p. 569. ISBN 978-1138844001. 
^ "Sweden's balancing lessons for Europe". Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ "Moderate revolution". The Economist. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ "Swedish riots rage for fourth night". The Guardian. 23 May 2013. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ The Associated Press (14 September 2014). "Sweden Shifts to Left in Parliamentary Election". Time. Archived from the original on 20 September 2014. 
^ Bobic, Igor (13 September 2014). "Sweden's Turn Left Could Deal A Blow To European Austerity". The Huffington Post. Retrieved 6 October 2014. 
^ Lindberg, Henrik (May 2007). "The Role of Economists in Liberalising Swedish Agriculture". Econ Journal Watch. 4 (2). Retrieved 17 February 2016. 
^ Westerlund, Kenneth (11 March 2008). "Danmark har högsta skattetrycket" [Denmark has the highest tax burden]. Dagens Nyheter (in Swedish). Archived from the original on 14 February 2009. Retrieved 11 March 2008. 
^ Yearly averages excluding full-time students working part-time. See Anders Kjellberg Kollektivavtalens täckningsgrad samt organisationsgraden hos arbetsgivarförbund och fackförbund, Department of Sociology, Lund University. Studies in Social Policy, Industrial Relations, Working Life and Mobility. Research Reports 2017:1, Appendix 3 (in English) Table A
^ Anders Kjellberg and Christian Lyhne Ibsen "Attacks on union organizing: Reversible and irreversible changes to the Ghent-systems in Sweden and Denmark" in Trine Pernille Larsen and Anna Ilsøe (eds.)(2016) Den Danske Model set udefra (The Danish Model Inside Out) - komparative perspektiver på dansk arbejdsmarkedsregulering, Copenhagen: Jurist- og Økonomforbundets Forlag (pp.279-302)
^ "Continued increase in the number of employees in the municipal sector". Statistics Sweden. 20 June 2017. 
^ "SCB: Arbetslösheten minskar i landet" (in Swedish). Svenska Dagbladet. Tidningarnas Telegrambyrå. 20 June 2017. 
^ "Sweden: Highest ratio of youth unemployment". United Nations Regional Information Centre for Western Europe, Brussels. 2012. 
^ a b "Innovation, Science/Research: Inventing tomorrow's world". Fact Sheet FS 4. Sweden.se. February 2010. Retrieved 27 January 2011. 
^ "Patents By Country, State, and Year – All Patent Types (December 2014)". United States Patent and Trademark Office. Retrieved 17 February 2016. 
^ "% Of GDP > Research And Development Expenditure statistics – countries compared". NationMaster. Retrieved 22 September 2012. 
^ "Government spending in research and development statistics – countries compared". NationMaster.com. 1 April 2007. Retrieved 22 September 2012. 
^ "Embassy of Sweden New Delhi – Science & Technology". Swedenabroad.se. Retrieved 6 May 2009. 
^ "The Sentinel". European Southern Observatory. Retrieved 20 July 2015. 
^ "European Spallation Source". ESS AB. Retrieved 16 October 2013. 
^ "MAX IV". MAX-lab. Archived from the original on 3 June 2013. Retrieved 16 October 2013. 
^ "MAX IV och ESS (in Swedish)". Lund University. Retrieved 16 October 2013. 
^ "Neutron scattering" (PDF). Institute of Physics. Retrieved 16 October 2013. 
^ "Sweden's population hits 9 million". Statistics Sweden. Archived from the original on 16 June 2013. Retrieved 8 June 2013. 
^ "More than 9.5 million inhabitants". Statistics Sweden. Archived from the original on 17 August 2012. Retrieved 8 June 2013. 
^ "United States – Selected Social Characteristics: 2006". United States Census Bureau. Retrieved 21 March 2014. 
^ "Ethnocultural Portrait of Canada Highlight Tables, 2006 Census". Statistics Canada. Retrieved 30 June 2008. 
^ "Statistics Sweden". Retrieved 7 July 2017. 
^ "På lördag kan 440 000 flagga blått och vitt" [On Saturday 440 000 can flag blue and white] (in Swedish). Statistics Sweden. 5 December 2008. Archived from the original on 20 August 2010. Retrieved 16 June 2009. 
^ "Hur många språk talas i Sverige?" [How many languages are spoken in Sweden?] (in Swedish). Sveriges Radio. 29 October 2014. Retrieved 10 January 2016. 
^ "Svenskan blir inte officiellt språk" [Swedish will not become an official language] (in Swedish). Sveriges Television. 7 December 2005. Retrieved 9 June 2013. 
^ "Oooops... We didn't find the page you are looking for..." (PDF). European Commission. 12 March 2012. Archived from the original (PDF) on 16 November 2013. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ "English spoken – fast ibland hellre än bra" (in Swedish). Lund University newsletter 7/1999. Archived from the original on 6 January 2006. 
^ "Svenska kyrkans medlemsutveckling år 1972–2012" [Church of Sweden's membership development in 1972–2015] (PDF) (in Swedish). Church of Sweden. Retrieved 18 March 2017. 
^ a b "Svenska kyrkan i siffror" [Church of Sweden in figures] (in Swedish). Church of Sweden. Retrieved 17 February 2016. 
^ Gritsch, Eric (2010). A History of Lutheranism (Second Edition ed.). Minneapolis: Fortress Press. p. 351. ISBN 9781451407754. Retrieved 20 March 2017. CS1 maint: Extra text (link)
^ MAARIT JÄNTERÄ-JAREBORG: Religion and the Secular State in Sweden Archived 10 January 2016 at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Stift" [Diocese] (PDF) (in Swedish). Church of Sweden. 
^ "Swedes depart church in droves". The Local. Archived from the original on 2 August 2010. 
^ "Medlemmar 1972–2006" [Members 1972–2006] (in Swedish). Church of Sweden. Archived from the original (xls) on 30 September 2007. 
^ "Liturgy and Worship". Church of Sweden. Archived from the original on 22 April 2010. 
^ Statistics about free churches and immigration churches from Swedish Wikipedia – in Swedish
^ Magnusson, Erik; Lönnaeus, Olle; Orrenius, Niklas (8 February 2006). "Djup splittring bland Malmös muslimer" [Deep splits among Malmö's Muslims]. Sydsvenska Dagbladet (in Swedish). Archived from the original on 13 January 2012. Retrieved 25 August 2010. 
^ "Statistik" [Statistics] (in Swedish). Swedish Commission for Government Support to Faith Communities. 2010. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ Gardell, Mattias (May 2010). "Islam och muslimer i Sverige" [Islam and Muslims in Sweden] (PDF) (in Swedish). Inheritance Fund. Archived from the original (PDF) on 13 August 2010. Retrieved 4 July 2012. 
^ "Biotechnology report 2010" (PDF). Eurobarometer. 2010. p. 381. Archived from the original (PDF) on 15 December 2010. [better source needed]
^ Håkansson, August (30 October 2015). "Belief in ghosts rises across secular Sweden". The Local. Retrieved 17 February 2016. 
^ "VoF-Undersökningen 2015" [VoF survey of 2015] (PDF) (in Swedish). Föreningen Vetenskap och Folkbildning. 2015. Retrieved 17 February 2016. 
^ Steinfels, Peter (2009). "Scandinavian Nonbelievers, Which Is Not to Say Atheists". The New York Times. Retrieved 31 December 2007. Mr. Zuckerman, a sociologist who teaches at Pitzer College in Claremont, Calif., has reported his findings on religion in Denmark and Sweden in "Society Without God" (New York University Press, 2008). Much that he found will surprise many people, as it did him. The many nonbelievers he interviewed, both informally and in structured, taped and transcribed sessions, were anything but antireligious, for example. They typically balked at the label "atheist." An overwhelming majority had in fact been baptized, and many had been confirmed or married in church. Though they denied most of the traditional teachings of Christianity, they called themselves Christians, and most were content to remain in the Danish National Church or the Church of Sweden, the traditional national branches of Lutheranism. 
^ a b Herbert, David (2003). Religion and civil society: rethinking public religion in the contemporary world. Ashgate Publishing. ISBN 978-0-7546-1339-8. Retrieved 31 December 2007. More than 80 percent of adults continue to choose to belong to the Lutheran Church in spite of its recent disestablishment and the cost of having to pay the church tax. Rates of baptism remain high and church weddings are increasing. In Sweden, religion appreats to play a continuing role in cultural identity, in locating the individual to tradition. 
^ "Svenska kyrkans medlemsutveckling år 1972–2012" [Church of Sweden's membership development in 1972–2012] (in Swedish). Church of Sweden. Archived from the original (PDF) on 10 March 2016. 
^ "PISA results for Sweden" (PDF). OECD. Retrieved 25 August 2010. 
^ "The Swedish model". The Economist. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ "The provision of school food in 18 countries" (PDF). Children's Food Trust. July 2008. Archived from the original (PDF) on 1 March 2013. Retrieved 9 June 2013. 
^ "Tertiary > Educational Attainment statistics – countries compared". NationMaster.com. Retrieved 17 February 2016. 
^ "Sweden introduces tuition fees and offers scholarships for students from outside EU". Studyinsweden.se. 21 April 2010. Archived from the original on 28 June 2010. Retrieved 3 August 2010. 
^ "Immigrants: The ins and the outs". The Economist. 2 February 2013. Retrieved 10 June 2013. 
^ Westin, Charles (6 October 2000). "Settlement and integration policies towards immigrants and their descendants in Sweden" (PDF). International Labour Organization. p. 23. Retrieved 9 June 2013. 
^ a b "Number of persons with foreign or Swedish background (detailed division) by region, age in ten year groups and sex. Year 2002–2011". Statistics Sweden. Retrieved 5 January 2013. [dead link]
^ "Statistikdatabasen" (in Swedish). Statistics Sweden. Archived from the original on 16 February 2013. 
^ "Antal personer med utländsk eller svensk bakgrund (grov indelning) efter region, ålder i tioårsklasser och kön. År 2002–2011" [Number of persons with foreign or Swedish background (rough division) by region, age in ten classes and gender. In 2002–2011] (in Swedish). Statistics Sweden. Archived from the original on 15 May 2016. 
^ "6.5% of the EU population are foreigners and 9.4% are born abroad" (PDF). Eurostat. Archived from the original (PDF) on 21 July 2011. 
^ a b "Tabeller över Sveriges befolkning 2009" [Tables of Sweden's population in 2009] (in Swedish). Statistics Sweden. 24 January 2009. Retrieved 1 September 2011. 
^ "Befolkningsutveckling; födda, döda, in- och utvandring, gifta, skilda 1749–2007" [Population Development; births, deaths, immigration and emigration, married, divorced 1749–2007] (in Swedish). Statistics Sweden. Archived from the original on 23 October 2013. 
^ "Sweden: Restrictive Immigration Policy and Multiculturalism, Migration Policy Institute, 2006". Migrationinformation.org. 
^ a b "67 procent fler fick skydd jämfört med 2012" [67 percent more received protection compared to 2012] (in Swedish). Swedish Migration Agency. Archived from the original on 20 August 2014. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ "Folkmängd efter födelseland 1900–2016" [Population by birth country 1900-2016] (in Swedish). Statistics Sweden. 31 December 2017. Retrieved 16 May 2017. 
^ "The Swedish Myths: True, False, or Somewhere In Between?". Sweden.se. Archived from the original on 17 September 2010. Retrieved 27 January 2011. 
^ Marklund, Carl (2009). "Hot Love and Cold People. Sexual Liberalism as Political Escapism in Radical Sweden". NORDEUROPAforum. 19 (1): 83–101. 
^ "Sweden passes new gay marriage law". The Local. 2 April 2009. Archived from the original on 10 April 2009. Retrieved 5 May 2009. 
^ "Babyboom i Sverige?" (in Swedish). Statistics Sweden. Archived from the original on 30 July 2009. Retrieved 5 May 2009. 
^ Durant, Colin (2003). Choral Conducting: philosophy and practice. Routledge. pp. 46–47. ISBN 0-415-94356-6. Sweden has a strong and enviable choral singing tradition. [..] All those interviewed placed great emphasis on the social identification through singing and also referred to the importance of Swedish folk song in the maintenance of the choral singing tradition and national identity. 
^ "Consulate General of Sweden Los Angeles – Export Music Sweden at MuseExpo". Swedenabroad.com. Archived from the original on 15 June 2008. Retrieved 6 May 2009. 
^ Interesting facts about EU countries. casgroup.fiu.edu
^ "Del 16 av 16" [Part 16 of 16]. Agenda (in Swedish). Sveriges Television. 15 December 2013. Archived from the original on 17 December 2013. Retrieved 17 December 2013.  at 19:45, citing the Swedish Agency for Economic and Regional Growth.
^ "Lars Westin: Jazz in Sweden – an overview". Visarkiv.se. Archived from the original on 23 June 2008. Retrieved 25 August 2010. 
^ Olson, Kenneth E. (1966). The history makers;: The press of Europe from its beginnings through 1965. LSU Press. pp. 33–49. 
^ "Bestselling fiction authors in the world for 2008". Abebooks.com. 
^ Thorpe, Vanessa. "Poisoned Legacy Left By The King Of Thrillers". The Guardian. Retrieved 17 September 2014. 
^ Goenka, Varun (17 May 2016). "Sweden Becomes a Member of the IFP Family". International Federation of Poker. Retrieved 4 July 2016. 


Further reading


Bagge, Sverre (2005). "The Scandinavian Kingdoms". In The New Cambridge Medieval History. Eds. Rosamond McKitterick et al. Cambridge University Press, 2005. ISBN 0-521-36289-X.
"Radical principles and the legal institution of marriage: domestic relations law and social democracy in Sweden—BRADLEY 4 (2): 154—International Journal of Law, Policy and the Family". Retrieved 13 June 2007. 
"Sweden". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
"Sweden's population 2012". Statistics Sweden. Archived from the original on 5 November 2013. Retrieved 24 March 2013. 
Durant, Colin (2003). Choral Conducting: philosophy and practice, Routledge, pp. 46–47. ISBN 0-415-94356-6.
Einhorn, Eric and John Logue (1989). Modern Welfare States: Politics and Policies in Social Democratic Scandinavia. Praeger Publishers, 1989. ISBN 0-275-93188-9.
Koblik, Steven (1975). Sweden's Development from Poverty to Affluence 1750–1970. University of Minnesota Press. ISBN 0-8166-0757-5.
Larsson, Torbjörn; Bäck, Henry (2008). Governing and Governance in Sweden. Lund: Studentlitteratur AB. ISBN 978-91-44-03682-3. 
Magocsi, Paul Robert (1998). Encyclopedia of Canada's Peoples. University of Minnesota Press, 1998. ISBN 0-8020-2938-8.
Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Sweden Agenda 21 – Natural Resource Aspects – Sweden. 5th Session of the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development, April 1997.
Nordstrom, Byron J. (2000). Scandinavia since 1500. University of Minnesota Press, 2000. ISBN 0-8166-2098-9.
Petersson, Olof (2010). Den offentliga makten (in Swedish). Stockholm: SNS Förlag. ISBN 978-91-86203-66-5. 
Sawyer, Birgit; Sawyer, Peter H. (1993). Medieval Scandinavia: from Conversion to Reformation, Circa 800–1500. University of Minnesota Press. ISBN 0-8166-1739-2. 
Ståhl, Solveig. (1999). "English spoken – fast ibland hellre än bra". LUM, Lunds universitet meddelar, 7:1999, 3 September 1999. In Swedish.
"2006 census". Statistics Sweden. Archived from the original on 31 July 2009. 
"Preliminary Population Statistics, by month, 2004–2006". Statistics Sweden. 1 January 2007. Archived from the original on 14 July 2009. 
Yearbook of Housing and Building Statistics 2007 (PDF). Statistics Sweden, Energy, Rents and Real Estate Statistics Unit. 2007. ISBN 978-91-618-1361-2. 
 "Sweden". Encyclopædia Britannica. 26 (11th ed.). 1911. pp. 188–221. 
Sweden: Social and economic conditions (2007). In Encyclopædia Britannica. Encyclopædia Britannica Online.
Terrill, Richard J. (2009). World Criminal Justice Systems: A Survey (7 ed.). Elsevier. ISBN 978-1-59345-612-2. 
Uddhammar, Emil (1993). Partierna och den stora staten: en analys av statsteorier och svensk politik under 1900-talet. Stockholm, City University Press.
United States Department of State – Sweden
Zuckerman, Phil (2007), Atheism: Contemporary Rates and Patterns PDF i Cambridge Companion to Atheism. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-60367-6


External links

Find more aboutSwedenat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



"Sweden". The World Factbook. Central Intelligence Agency. 
Sweden entry at Encyclopædia Britannica
Sweden from UCB Libraries GovPubs
Sweden at DMOZ
Sweden profile from the BBC News
 Wikimedia Atlas of Sweden
 Geographic data related to Sweden at OpenStreetMap
Key Development Forecasts for Sweden from International Futures
Study in Sweden – official guide to studying in Sweden
[2] Technological Waves and Economic Growth in Sweden 1850–2005
Sweden – Economic Growth and Structural Change, 1800–2000 — EH.Net Encyclopedia
vifanord – a digital library that provides scientific information on the Nordic and Baltic countries as well as the Baltic region as a whole

Public sector

Sweden.se — Sweden's official portal
The Swedish Parliament – official website
The Government of Sweden – official website
The Royal Court – official website of the Swedish Monarchy

News media

Radio Sweden – public service
Sveriges Television (in Swedish) – public service
Dagens Nyheter (in Swedish)
Svenska Dagbladet (in Swedish)
The Local – Sweden's news in English – independent English language news site

Trade

World Bank Summary Trade Statistics Sweden

Travel

VisitSweden.com – official travel and tourism website for Sweden
 Sweden travel guide from Wikivoyage





Articles related to Sweden











v
t
e


Sweden articles



History



Prehistory
800–1521
Kalmar Union
1523–1611
Rise to become Great Power
Swedish Empire
Great Northern War
Age of Liberty
Gustavian era
Sweden–Norway union
Modernization
Industrialization
World War II
1945–1989
Since 1989








Geography







Cities
Counties
Extreme points
Forests
Islands
Lakes
Lands
National parks
NUTS of Sweden
Provinces
Rivers








Politics







Administrative division
Constitution
Elections
Foreign relations
Government

agencies


Judiciary
Law
Law enforcement
Legislature
Armed Forces

Army
Navy
Air Force
Home Guard
Radio Establishment




Monarchy
Political parties








Economy







Agriculture
Automotive industry
Energy
Krona (currency)
Labour unions
Rehn–Meidner model
Stock exchange
Taxation
Telecommunications
Transport
Tourism








Society







Crime
Demographics
Education
Healthcare
Immigration
Languages
LGBT history
People
Welfare





Culture



Anthem
Architecture
Art
Cinema
Coat of arms
Cuisine
Fashion
Flag
Literature
Media

television


Music
National Day
Public holidays
Religion
Sport












Outline



Category
Portal










 Geographic locale











v
t
e


Member states of the European Union






Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United Kingdom















v
t
e


Nordic countries



Countries



 Denmark
 Finland
 Iceland
 Norway
 Sweden








Dependencies



 Åland Islands
 Faroe Islands
 Greenland








Climate of the Nordic countries
Comparison of the Nordic countries
Nordic Council
Nordic Cross flag
Subdivisions of the Nordic countries












v
t
e


 Sovereign states and dependencies of Europe



Sovereign states



Albania
Andorra
Armenia2
Austria
Azerbaijan
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bulgaria
Croatia
Cyprus2
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Iceland1
Ireland
Italy
Kazakhstan
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Moldova
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
San Marino
Serbia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Kingdom
Vatican City









States with limited
recognition




Abkhazia2
Kosovo
Nagorno-Karabakh2
Northern Cyprus2
South Ossetia2
Transnistria






Dependencies





Denmark



Faroe Islands1

autonomous country of the Kingdom of Denmark







United Kingdom



Akrotiri and Dhekelia2

Sovereign Base Areas


Gibraltar

British Overseas Territory


Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey

Crown dependencies











Special areas of
internal sovereignty





Finland



Åland Islands

autonomous region subject to the Åland Convention of 1921







Norway



Svalbard

unincorporated area subject to the Svalbard Treaty







United Kingdom



Northern Ireland

country of the United Kingdom subject to the British-Irish Agreement














1 Oceanic islands within the vicinity of Europe are usually grouped with the continent even though they are not situated on its continental shelf.
2 Some countries completely outside the conventional geographical boundaries of Europe are commonly associated with the continent due to ethnological links.













v
t
e


Countries bordering the Baltic Sea






 Denmark
 Estonia
 Finland
 Germany
 Latvia
 Lithuania
 Poland
 Russia
 Sweden


















Sweden portal
European Union portal
Europe portal
Arctic portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 159364209
LCCN: n79021184
ISNI: 0000 0001 2299 7436
GND: 4077258-5
SELIBR: 163435
SUDOC: 026401606
BNF: cb15238534f (data)
NDL: 00571513










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sweden&oldid=793619280"					
Categories: SwedenMember states of the Council of EuropeMember states of the European UnionMember states of the Union for the MediterraneanMember states of the United NationsScandinavian countriesLiberal democraciesHidden categories: Articles containing Finnish-language textArticles containing Northern Sami-language textArticles containing Romani-language textArticles containing Yiddish-language textArticles containing Swedish-language textCS1 Swedish-language sources (sv)CS1 maint: Extra text: authors listWebarchive template wayback linksAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from August 2014Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from February 2016CS1 errors: datesAll articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2016Articles with permanently dead external linksArticles with dead external links from May 2016Articles with dead external links from June 2017Articles with dead external links from September 2016Pages using web citations with no URLCS1 maint: BOT: original-url status unknownCS1 maint: Extra textAll articles lacking reliable referencesArticles lacking reliable references from January 2014Wikipedia indefinitely semi-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from July 2017Coordinates on WikidataArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2012All articles containing potentially dated statementsPages using infobox country or infobox former country with the symbol caption or type parametersCitation overkillArticles tagged with the inline citation overkill template from July 2017Articles with hAudio microformatsArticles including recorded pronunciations (English)Articles with unsourced statements from July 2017Articles needing additional references from May 2015All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2015All pages needing factual verificationWikipedia articles needing factual verification from May 2015Articles that may contain original research from May 2015Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from May 2012Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2007Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014Articles lacking reliable references from March 2013Wikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource referenceArticles with DMOZ linksArticles with Swedish-language external linksWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquoteWikivoyage 



Languages


AcèhАдыгэбзэАдыгабзэAfrikaansAkanAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscАҧсшәаالعربيةAragonésܐܪܡܝܐArmãneashtiArpetanAsturianuAvañe'ẽАварAymar aruAzərbaycancaتۆرکجهBamanankanবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीBikol CentralBislamaБългарскиBoarischབོད་ཡིགBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàЧӑвашлаCebuanoČeštinaChiShonaChiTumbukaCorsuCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschދިވެހިބަސްDiné bizaadDolnoserbskiཇོང་ཁEestiΕλληνικάEmiliàn e rumagnòlЭрзяньEspañolEsperantoEstremeñuEuskaraEʋegbeفارسیFiji HindiFøroysktFrançaisFryskFulfuldeFurlanGaeilgeGaelgGagauzGàidhligGalego贛語Gĩkũyũગુજરાતી𐌲𐌿𐍄𐌹𐍃𐌺गोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni客家語/Hak-kâ-ngîХальмг한국어HausaHawaiʻiՀայերենहिन्दीHornjoserbsceHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoবিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরীBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutИронIsiZuluÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa JawaKalaallisutಕನ್ನಡKapampanganКъарачай-малкъарქართულიKaszëbscziҚазақшаKernowekKinyarwandaKiswahiliКомиKongoKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаLadinoЛезгиລາວلۊری شومالیLatgaļuLatinaLatviešuLëtzebuergeschLietuviųLigureLimburgsLingálaLivvinkarjalaLa .lojban.LugandaLumbaartMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiMāoriमराठीმარგალურიمصرىمازِرونیBahasa MelayuMìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄МокшеньМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNāhuatlDorerin NaoeroNederlandsNedersaksiesनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語NapulitanoНохчийнNordfriiskNorfuk / PitkernNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandNovialOccitanОлык марийଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀपालिPangasinanپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisПерем Комиភាសាខ្មែរPicardPiemontèisTok PisinPlattdüütschPolskiΠοντιακάPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaQırımtatarcaReo tahitiRomânăRumantschRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаSámegiellaGagana Samoaसंस्कृतम्SarduScotsSeelterskShqipSicilianuSimple EnglishسنڌيSiSwatiSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСловѣньскъ / ⰔⰎⰑⰂⰡⰐⰠⰔⰍⰟŚlůnskiSoomaaligaکوردیSranantongoСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitTarandíneТатарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣᏣᎳᎩTürkçeTürkmençeTwiТыва дылУдмуртУкраїнськаاردوئۇيغۇرچە / UyghurcheVènetoVepsän kel’Tiếng ViệtVolapükVõroWalon文言West-VlamsWinarayWolof吴语ייִדישYorùbá粵語ZazakiZeêuwsŽemaitėška中文डोटेलीKabɩyɛ 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 2 August 2017, at 22:22.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 



















Norient Product Pool frontpage | Norientpool



























      Skip to main content
    






















 




Norient Product Pool


Commercial manager of product tankers from 
25,000 to 55,000 deadweight trading worldwide







How may we assist you?


A strong corporate culture is an important part of Norient Product Pool's offer to clients and partners as well as new and existing employees.
The corporate culture is based on our vision and mission statement and Norient Product Pool's four core values; flexibility, reliability, empathy and ambition.


Contact us






Organisational changes - Andrea Katodrytou18 July 2017
From 1 August 2017, Ms Andrea Katodrytou, Disbursement Controller Assistant has been promoted to Disbursement Controller. Congratu...


From Hellerup to Singapore - Carson Goh17 July 2017
Today, Mr Carson Goh, Assistant Operations Manager returned to Singapore after about 1 year at our Helleup office.



Temporary Assistant Optimisation Manager3 July 2017
Our Student Assistant Kasper Mikkelsen has been employed on a temporary basis as Assistant Optimisation Manager in our Optimisatio...








Norient Product Pool ApS is a limited company registered in Denmark and owned 50/50 by the founding partners; Interorient Shipmanagement and Dampskibsselskabet NORDEN A/S. Norient Product Pool commercially manages product tankers from 25,000 to 55,000 deadweight trading world wide.  
It is operated from its head office in Denmark and its offices in Singapore, USA and Cyprus. Norient Product Pool has 76 employees ready to assist you and manages 94 product tankers.
 








 

 
 
















L'Oréal - L’Oréal Group







































twocolumnhomelayout
twocolumnhomelayout











Menu
Content
Foot of the page













theme
publication date
All themes
results
SEARCH



X
By browsing this site, you accept the use of Cookies in order to offer you advertising tailored to your interests, to perform traffic statistics and to facilitate the sharing of information on social networks. To find out more about Cookies and to change the Cookies setting,  Click here









First-half 2017 resultsSolid organic growth momentum: +4.3%, Performances driven by Luxury and the New Markets, Significant increase in profits


CareersSpotlight on the winners of Brandstorm 2017!


RESEARCH & INNOVATIONL’ORÉAL JOINS PERFECT CORP'S YOUCAM MAKEUP APP


Human RessourcesL’Oréal launches world-first app to master unique company culture


GroupDiscover how L'Oréal manages its digital strategy








News

Filter by theme :
All themes
Brands
Careers
Commitments
Diversity and Inclusion
Foundation
Group
Investors / Shareholders
Production
Research & Innovation
Sustainable development
















                        Diversity and Inclusion - 28.07.2017

L’Oréal ranked #1 in global gender equality














                        Investors / Shareholders - 27.07.2017

First-half 2017 results














                        Sustainable development - 25.07.2017

Garnier commits to care by supporting UNICEF’s efforts














                        Research & Innovation - 24.07.2017

An eye on research …with a smile!













Foundation - 17.07.2017
Ninth Edition of the Première Chance Award














                        Research & Innovation - 10.07.2017

L’Oréal Joins Perfect Corp's YouCam Makeup App














                        Careers - 06.07.2017

What Do L’Oréal and Sports Have In Common?














                        Research & Innovation - 04.07.2017

Want to know more about beauty and technology at L'Oréal? 














                        Careers - 29.06.2017

L’Oréal among the 5 most dynamic companies in Universum














                        Investors / Shareholders - 27.06.2017

Sale contract of The Body Shop signed between L'Oréal and Natura














                        Careers - 22.06.2017

L'Oréal Creates a Talent Incubator to Attract Students 














                        Careers - 22.06.2017

Spotlight on the winners of Brandstorm 2017!







Loreal.core.Areas.Medias.Models.News
count not set
System.Collections.Generic.List`1[System.String]
Commitments|Group|Research & Innovation|Brands|Careers|Diversity and Inclusion|Sustainable development|Foundation|Investors / Shareholders|Production|
L'Oréal
All themes




Press Release



                            L’Oréal and General Assembly Launch "Digital Marketing Level 1"
                        


                            Group -
                            
                                14.06.2017
                            




                            L’Oréal receives Equileap’s award for Gender Equality 

                        


                            Careers -
                            
                                14.06.2017
                            




                            L’Oréal presents its connected beauty innovations and partnerships with startups at Viva Technology Paris 2017

                        


                            Research & Innovation -
                            
                                09.06.2017
                            


View More





FINANCIAL CALENDAR



            19
            

            09
            
             2017
            
            Shareholder Meeting in Lyon
             Add To My Calendar


PUBLICATIONS












BRANDS


All The Brands

L’Oréal Luxe


Consumer Products Division


Professional Products Division


Active Cosmetics Division


The Body Shop


L'Oréal Beauty Tech Open Innovation + Services






Brands
Discover all of L'Oréal's international brands










Lancôme










Giorgio Armani











Yves Saint Laurent Beauté











Biotherm











Kiehl’s











Ralph Lauren











Shu Uemura











Cacharel











Helena Rubinstein











Clarisonic











Diesel











Viktor&Rolf











Yue Sai











Maison Margiela











Urban Decay











Guy Laroche











Paloma Picasso











IT Cosmetics











Proenza Schouler











L’Oréal Paris











Magic











Garnier











Maybelline New York











African Beauty Brands











Essie











NYX Professional MakeUp











L’Oréal Professionnel











Kérastase











Redken











Matrix











Pureology











Shu Uemura Art of Hair











Mizani











Essie











Decléor











Carita











Vichy











La Roche-Posay











SkinCeuticals











Roger&Gallet











Sanoflore











The Body Shop





















Plastic Injection Moulding, Mould Tooling & Design | RGE Group









































World class manufacturer of plastic injection moulded components, injection mould tooling and plastic design.








+44 (0) 1480 450 771






sales@rgegroup.com













Home




About Us





Services


Injection Moulding
Tool Making
Product  Design







Products


Office Furniture
Material Handling







Facilities





The Process





Media




News


Case Studies







Careers





Contact Us















RGE Products 
RGE Products 
Own Brand Products designed and manufactured throughout RGE Group
At RGE we have developed our own range of products for Office Furniture and the Materials Handling Industry offering excellent quality and value







Quality Materials
Quality Materials
Sourced worldwide from leading polymer producers 
RGE ensure only the best material grades are used in our process, coming from the industry’s leading producers and recyclers in a large range of colours and specifications







Warehousing Solutions
Warehousing Solutions
Dedicated distribution centre
As well as having a central distribution centre in the UK RGE also offers onsite storage options for our customers as part of a turnkey solution for plastic injection moulding







Returnable Crates for Retail
Returnable Crates for Retail
Designed, Manufactured and distributed by RGE throughout the UK
RGE produce returnable packaging products from specially selected virgin and recycled polymers which are manufactured to a large range of specifications and colours







Plastic Parts for Office Furniture
Plastic Parts for Office Furniture
Designed and manufactured across RGE Group
The in-house Design team at RGE created components for award winning office furniture designs. From concept through to delivery RGE are able to offer a complete service to our customers











Injection Moulding








Tool Making





Product Design









Products







Materials Handling





Office Furniture







Latest News


News Archive








Sue Ryder Charity Run
Employees from our UK injection moulding facilities recently signed up to take part in a 5km ‘Colour Run’ with the aim of raising £750 for the Sue Ryder Thorpe Hall charity. We are...








Internet of Things at RGE

	RGE Group involves itself in many projects. From our material handling section we work with partners to develop new logistics solutions incorporating the latest technology. The picture to the...









            Send Us an Enquiry
        

            Contact Us
        




Name*



Invalid Data



sales@rgegroup.com





Email Address*



Invalid Data



+44 (0) 1480 450771





Telephone Number*



Invalid Data



+44 (0) 1480 411359





Message*



Invalid Data



RGE Head Office
                
Bridge Works, The Avenue, Godmanchester, Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire,
                    England, PE29 2AF
                


All fields with * are mandortory and must be completed.















RGE Headquarters

                            Bridge Works, The Avenue, Godmanchester,
                            Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire,
                            England, PE29 2AF
                        


  Terms & Conditions

  Contact

  Site Map



T   + 44 (0) 1480 450771
                                
F   + 44 (0) 1480 411359
                                
E   sales@rgegroup.com




   Website Design and Development by Verto











                            © Copyright RGE Group 2017. All rights reserved.






















Please enable JavaScript to view the page content.










Fleet | Norientpool



























      Skip to main content
    

















FLEET LIST
Norient Product Pool commercially manages product tankers from 25,000 to 55,000 deadweight trading world wide










MR
Handysize
Newbuildings
Norient Product Pool commercially manages 94 product tankers and has 7 vessels on order.
Latest update: 13 July 2017

Active vessels



          MR
            


Vessel
Deadweight

    Sort ascending
      


Capacity
Built
Flag
Ice class
IMO
Participant




STAR FALCON 
53,815 mt          
59,123 cbm          
2007          
Panama          
 
 
 


STAR MERLIN 
53,755 mt          
59,119 cbm          
2007          
Panama          
 
 
 


HIGH MARS 
51,542 mt          
53,498 cbm          
2008          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


HIGH SATURN 
51,527 mt          
53,537 cbm          
2008          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


AEGEAN WAVE 
51,510 mt          
53,502 cbm          
2009          
Hong Kong          
 
2          
 


HIGH MERCURY 
51,502 mt          
53,542 cbm          
2008          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ALPINE MAYA 
51,501 mt          
53,484 cbm          
2010          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ATLANTIC MUSE 
51,498 mt          
53,522 cbm          
2009          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ATLANTIC MIRAGE 
51,476 mt          
53,523 cbm          
2009          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


STAR KESTREL 
51,228 mt          
53,547 cbm          
2008          
Panama          
 
3          
 


ARCTIC BRIDGE 
50,903 mt          
52,983 cbm          
2005          
Malta          
1A          
3          
 


ARCTIC BREEZE 
50,885 mt          
53,073 cbm          
2006          
Malta          
1A          
3          
 


ARCTIC BLIZZARD 
50,858 mt          
53,084 cbm          
2006          
Malta          
1A          
3          
 


ARCTIC BAY 
50,844 mt          
52,987 cbm          
2006          
Malta          
1A          
3          
 


UNIQUE GUARDIAN 
50,475 mt          
53,936 cbm          
2012          
Hong Kong          
 
2          
 


NORD GUARDIAN 
50,420 mt          
56,644 cbm          
2011          
DIS          
 
2          
 


UNIQUE INFINITY 
50,378 mt          
53,936 cbm          
2013          
Hong Kong          
 
2/3          
 


NORD GAINER 
50,281 mt          
56,644 cbm          
2011          
DIS          
 
2          
 


RIDGEBURY ROSEMARY E 
50,260 mt          
53,500 cbm          
2009          
Marshall Island          
 
3          
 


RIDGEBURY ALEXANDRA Z 
50,250 mt          
53,490 cbm          
2009          
Marshall Island          
 
3          
 


RIDGEBURY KATHERINE Z 
50,215 mt          
53,500 cbm          
2009          
Marshall Island          
 
3          
 


RIDGEBURY CINDY A 
50,162 mt          
53,490 cbm          
2009          
Marshall Island          
 
3          
 


ALPINE MAGIC 
49,999 mt          
53,082 cbm          
2009          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ALPINE MADELEINE 
49,999 mt          
53,082 cbm          
2008          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


NORD STEADY 
49,998 mt          
52,197 cbm          
2013          
Singapore          
 
2          
 


JAMES COOK 
49,995 mt          
52,198 cbm          
2013          
Singapore          
 
2          
 


NORD VALIANT 
49,760 mt          
52,689 cbm          
2016          
Liberia          
 
2/3          
 


STAR OSPREY 
49,759 mt          
53,635 cbm          
2007          
Panama          
 
2          
 


NORD SWIFT 
49,750 mt          
52,488 cbm          
2015          
DIS          
 
2          
 


NORD SUSTAINABLE 
49,579 mt          
52,488 cbm          
2015          
DIS          
 
2          
 


NORD SUPERIOR 
49,573 mt          
52,488 cbm          
2015          
DIS          
 
2          
 


NORD SUPREME 
49,552 mt          
52,488 cbm          
2015          
DIS          
 
3          
 


NEW BREEZE 
48,064 mt          
53,805 cbm          
2010          
Panama          
 
 
 


BRIGHT FORTUNE 
48,008 mt          
53,796 cbm          
2010          
Panama          
 
 
 


NAVE DORADO 
47,999 mt          
56,275 cbm          
2005          
Panama          
 
 
 


LEOPARD 
47,991 mt          
53,791 cbm          
2010          
Panama          
 
 
 


NORD IMAGINATION 
47,400 mt          
54,070 cbm          
2009          
Panama          
 
 
 


NORD INDEPENDENCE 
47,400 mt          
54,070 cbm          
2010          
Panama          
 
 
 


NORD INNOVATION 
47,400 mt          
54,070 cbm          
2010          
Panama          
 
 
 


NORD INTELLIGENCE 
47,400 mt          
54,070 cbm          
2010          
Singapore          
 
 
 


NORD INTEGRITY 
47,400 mt          
52,692 cbm          
2010          
Panama          
 
 
 


UNIQUE DEVELOPER 
47,366 mt          
52,467 cbm          
2010          
Hong Kong          
 
 
 


ATLANTIC PISCES 
47,129 mt          
53,081 cbm          
2009          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ATLANTIC TITAN 
47,128 mt          
53,081 cbm          
2008          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ALPINE MIA 
47,128 mt          
53,082 cbm          
2008          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ALPINE MOMENT 
47,128 mt          
53,082 cbm          
2009          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ALPINE MINUTE 
47,128 mt          
53,082 cbm          
2009          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ALPINE MYSTERY 
47,128 mt          
53,082 cbm          
2009          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ATLANTIC GEMINI 
47,128 mt          
53,069 cbm          
2008          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ALPINE MATHILDE 
47,128 mt          
53,184 cbm          
2008          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


CITRON 
46,938 mt          
53,085 cbm          
2007          
Malta          
 
2          
 


RITA M 
45,997 mt          
50,777 cbm          
2009          
Panama          
 
 
 


ORIENT STAR 
45,994 mt          
52,838 cbm          
2010          
Panama          
 
 
 


RIDGEBURY JULIA M 
45,980 mt          
52,699 cbm          
2007          
Marshall Island          
 
 
 


RIDGEBURY JOHN B 
45,975 mt          
52,698 cbm          
2007          
Marshall Island          
 
 
 


NORD SAKURA 
45,800 mt          
52,000 cbm          
2012          
Marshall Island          
 
1          
 


ATLANTIC FRONTIER 
44,999 mt          
54,220 cbm          
2007          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 


ATLANTIC LILY 
44,999 mt          
53,081 cbm          
2008          
Hong Kong          
 
3          
 



 


          Handysize
            


Vessel
Deadweight

    Sort ascending
      


Capacity
Built
Flag
Ice class
IMO
Participant




NORIENT SOLAR 
41,000 mt          
46,820 cbm          
2008          
Liberia          
 
3          
 


NORIENT STAR 
41,000 mt          
47,991 cbm          
2008          
Malta          
 
3          
 


NORIENT SCORPIUS 
41,000 mt          
48,000 cbm          
2009          
Liberia          
 
3          
 


NORIENT SATURN  
40,415 mt          
46,820 cbm          
2007          
Liberia          
 
3          
 


NORD FARER 
40,000 mt          
44,500 cbm          
2005          
Singapore          
 
3          
 


NORD GERANIUM 
39,825 mt          
43,792 cbm          
2014          
DIS          
 
2/3          
 


NORD GARDENIA 
39,825 mt          
43,792 cbm          
2014          
DIS          
 
2/3          
 


NORD BELL 
38,500 mt          
43,500 cbm          
2007          
DIS          
 
 
 


NORD BUTTERFLY 
38,500 mt          
43,500 cbm          
2008          
DIS          
 
3          
 


NORD NIGHTINGALE 
38,500 mt          
43,500 cbm          
2008          
Singapore          
 
2/3          
 


NORD SNOW QUEEN 
38,500 mt          
43,500 cbm          
2008          
Singapore          
 
3          
 


NORD SWAN 
38,500 mt          
43,500 cbm          
2009          
Singapore          
 
2/3          
 


BALTIC COMMANDER I 
37,389 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2000          
Cyprus          
1B          
3          
 


BALTIC ADVANCE 
37,343 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2006          
Cyprus          
1B          
2/3          
 


BALTIC COMMODORE 
37,343 mt          
42,207 cbm          
2003          
Liberia          
1B          
3          
 


ADVANTAGE PARK 
37,343 mt          
42,257 cbm          
2006          
Cyprus          
1B          
2          
 


BALTIC CHAMPION 
37,332 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2003          
Malta          
1B          
3          
 


ADVANTAGE PRIDE 
37,311 mt          
42,271 cbm          
2006          
Marshall Island          
1B          
2          
 


BALTIC SUN II 
37,305 mt          
41,956 cbm          
2005          
Malta          
1B          
3          
 


BALTIC FAVOUR 
37,300 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2006          
Malta          
1A          
3          
 


BALTIC MARINER I 
37,300 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2006          
Malta          
1B          
3          
 


BALTIC FREEDOM 
37,300 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2006          
Cyprus          
1A          
3          
 


BALTIC FROST 
37,300 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2006          
Malta          
1A          
3          
 


BALTIC MONARCH 
37,300 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2006          
Cyprus          
1B          
3          
 


KEREL 
37,300 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2001          
Malta          
1B          
3          
 


GIANNUTRI 
37,298 mt          
41,078 cbm          
2004          
Malta          
1B          
3          
 


BALTIC WAVE 
37,296 mt          
41,956 cbm          
2003          
Malta          
1B          
3          
 


BALTIC WIND 
37,296 mt          
42,207 cbm          
2003          
Malta          
1B          
3          
 


NORD HUMMOCK 
37,159 mt          
41,998 cbm          
2007          
DIS          
1A          
2/3          
 


NORD HIGHLANDER 
37,145 mt          
41,998 cbm          
2007          
DIS          
1A          
2/3          
 


ADVANTAGE PARTY 
37,067 mt          
42,016 cbm          
2006          
Marshall Island          
1A          
2          
 


BALTIC SKY I 
37,000 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2001          
Malta          
1B          
3          
 


BALTIC SOUL 
37,000 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2001          
Malta          
1B          
3          
 


BALTIC SAPPHIRE 
37,000 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2009          
Malta          
1B          
3          
 


BALTIC SWIFT 
37,000 mt          
42,200 cbm          
2010          
Cyprus          
1B          
3          
 


PERSEUS N 
36,264 mt          
41,809 cbm          
2009          
Liberia          
1A          
2          
 




Newbuildings



          MR
            


Vessel
Deadweight

    Sort ascending
      


Capacity
Built
Flag
Ice class
IMO
Participant




JMU MR2 
50,000 mt          
52,000 cbm          
2018          
TBA          
 
 
 


HVS MR1 
50,000 mt          
52,000 cbm          
2018          
TBA          
 
 
 


HVS MR2 
50,000 mt          
52,000 cbm          
2018          
TBA          
 
 
 


HVS MR3 
50,000 mt          
52,000 cbm          
2019          
TBA          
 
 
 


ONOMICHI MR1 
50,000 mt          
52,000 cbm          
2017          
TBA          
 
 
 


ONOMICHI MR2 
50,000 mt          
52,000 cbm          
2018          
TBA          
 
 
 


JMU MR1 
50,000 mt          
52,000 cbm          
2018          
TBA          
 
 
 








 

 
 
















	Baltic Bridge O Share Price. 0LR6 - Stock Quote, Charts, Trade History, Share Chat, Financial Terms Glossary.Baltic Bridge Sa Baltic Bridge Ord Shs





















































































HomeShare Prices



Financial Diary
Company Lookup
Broker Ratings
Fantasy Share Game
UK Industry Sectors
Research Tools
Share Views Video


UK Indices
FTSE 100
FTSE 250
FTSE All-Share
FTSE Small Cap
FTSE 350





Share Risers



Share Fallers




Share Chat



Regular Share Chat
Premium Share Chat


Today's Hot Chat Topics



General Chat
General
Commodities & Mining
Forex & Indices
Spread Betting
Help & Feedback



News




Professional News
Complete real-time news for UK equities professionals and active non-professional traders.
Can you afford not to be in the know?



Reuters News
Macroeconomic News
UK Money News
UK Politics News
Internet News
UK IPO News


ShareCast News
AIM Bulletin
Broker Recommendations
Market Report
Risers and Fallers
Week Ahead


Regulatory News (RNS)
Advance Notice of Results
Company Announcements
Directors' Dealings
Dividends
Results & Trading Reports



Spread BettingTrading



Apply for an Account
Login to your Account
Important Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us



                            	
                                £9.95
                                
                            
                            flat rate per trade*
                            plus NO annual fees.



FX




Live DataMembers



Member Benefits
Manage your personalised Watchlist.
Set up an online Virtual Portfolio.
Participate in Share Chat.
See more trades and director dealings.
Play the Fantasy Share Trading Game.


Private Messaging
RNS Alerts
Premium Services
User Settings
myTerminal
Register











Share Price Search










Register


Login:
Email Address

Password






                    Share:
                











 

				Tweet 
				





Register


Login:
Email Address

Password











Private Investor and financial journalist Ed Bowsher Watch here






HomeShare PricesFinancial DiaryUK IndicesUK Industry SectorsCompany LookupShare RisersShare FallersBroker RatingsFinance GlossaryFantasy Share GameResearch ToolsShare ChatFinance NewsSpreads / CFDsShare TradingForexBlogsLive PricesShares BookshopFinance ToolsMembers






					Share Views: Private Investor and financial journalist Ed Bowsher








Latest Share Chat88E. True Brom but I'm still a bit bel..CLLN. You really ar nauseating in your..RGM. Inept manageme-nt = poor potential..MPAY. Results due a-y time now. might h..GWMO. Like the way his has moved today..HNR. I Agree Pedrot-. 

Its been 20.8..SEE. Happy Days I'v-e bought more. Igno..88E. Brom, it certa-inly helps. When th..TECA. How lse was r-nning slow when Tro..FRR. who's actually going then? I'll b..



Home::Share Prices::Baltic Bridge O Share Price



Baltic Bridge O Share Price (0LR6)

0LR6 Share Price0LR6 Share News0LR6 Share Charts0LR6 Share Chat0LR6 Share Trades0LR6 Live RNS0LR6 Level 2 Console0LR6 Live Share Price0LR6 Broker Ratings0LR6 Directors Deals0LR6 Financial Diary0LR6 FundamentalsBuy 0LR6 SharesAdd 0LR6 to WatchlistAdd 0LR6 to Alert




Alerts is a Premium Feature
Login or start your FREE trial today.



Add 0LR6 to myTerminal



Share Price Information for Baltic Bridge O (0LR6)Share Price: 0.00Bid: 0.00Ask: 0.00Change: 0.00 (0.00%)Spread: 0.00Spread as %: 0.00%Open: 0.00High: 0.00Low: 0.00Yesterday’s Close: 0.00






Baltic Bridge Sa Baltic Bridge Ord Shs











Intraday Baltic Bridge O Share Chart





Baltic Bridge O Share PricePrice0.00Bid0.00Ask0.00Change0%0.00Volume0Open0.00High0.00Low0.00Close0.00CurrencyPLN

3 Month Baltic Bridge O Share Graph








Currency
Issue Country
Shares in Issue
Market Capitalisation
Market Size


PLN
ZZ
0.00m
                                 
0 Million
1





52 Week High
0.00
52 Week High Date
1-JAN-1970


52 Week Low
0.00
52 Week Low Date
1-JAN-1970





# Trades
Vol. Sold
Vol. Bought
PE Ratio
Earnings
Dividend
Yield


0
0
0
0.000
0.00
0.00
0.00







								London South East Users info for Baltic Bridge O
							










Recent Share Trades for Baltic Bridge O (0LR6)


No Recent Trades Information



View more Baltic Bridge O trades >>

Directors Deals for Baltic Bridge O (0LR6)Trade DateActionNotifierPriceCurrencyAmountHoldingThere is currently no Directors Deals information for Baltic Bridge OView more Baltic Bridge O directors dealings >>Share Discussion for Baltic Bridge O (0LR6)No messages posted yet, be the first!†Share prices shown are taken at time of message posting.Thread ViewView more share chat for Baltic Bridge O (0LR6) >>Please login or register to post a message on Share Chat.






0LR6 Share Price0LR6 Share News0LR6 Share Charts0LR6 Share Chat0LR6 Share Trades0LR6 Live RNS0LR6 Level 2 Console0LR6 Live Share Price0LR6 Broker Ratings0LR6 Directors Deals0LR6 Financial Diary0LR6 FundamentalsBuy 0LR6 SharesAdd 0LR6 to WatchlistAdd 0LR6 to Alert




Alerts is a Premium Feature
Login or start your FREE trial today.



Add 0LR6 to myTerminal









FREE Member Services

- Setup a personalised Watchlist and Virtual Portfolio.
- Gain access to LIVE real-time Regulatory News (RNS).
- View more Trades, Directors' Deals, and Broker Ratings.























Home
				 | 
                Contact Us
				 | 
				About Us
				 | 
				
Advertise with Us
				 | 
				Sitemap
				 | 
                Terms & Conditions
				 | 
				
                Cookies
				 | 
                Privacy




				Datafeed and UK data supplied by NBTrader and Digital Look. 
				While London South East do their best to maintain the high quality of the information displayed on this site, 
				we cannot be held responsible for any loss due to incorrect information found here. All information is provided free of charge, 'as-is', and you use it at your own risk.
                The contents of all 'Chat' messages should not be construed as advice and represent the opinions of the authors, not those of London South East Limited, or its affiliates.
                London South East does not authorise or approve this content, and reserves the right to remove items at its discretion.
			
 







			This site requires cookies in order to give you the best user experience. By using this site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies.
		

Continue >
Find out more



















	Share Prices on London South East. Share Prices on all major UK stocks.


















































































HomeShare Prices



Financial Diary
Company Lookup
Broker Ratings
Fantasy Share Game
UK Industry Sectors
Research Tools
Share Views Video


UK Indices
FTSE 100
FTSE 250
FTSE All-Share
FTSE Small Cap
FTSE 350





Share Risers



Share Fallers




Share Chat



Regular Share Chat
Premium Share Chat


Today's Hot Chat Topics



General Chat
General
Commodities & Mining
Forex & Indices
Spread Betting
Help & Feedback



News




Professional News
Complete real-time news for UK equities professionals and active non-professional traders.
Can you afford not to be in the know?



Reuters News
Macroeconomic News
UK Money News
UK Politics News
Internet News
UK IPO News


ShareCast News
AIM Bulletin
Broker Recommendations
Market Report
Risers and Fallers
Week Ahead


Regulatory News (RNS)
Advance Notice of Results
Company Announcements
Directors' Dealings
Dividends
Results & Trading Reports



Spread BettingTrading



Apply for an Account
Login to your Account
Important Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us



                            	
                                £9.95
                                
                            
                            flat rate per trade*
                            plus NO annual fees.



FX




Live DataMembers



Member Benefits
Manage your personalised Watchlist.
Set up an online Virtual Portfolio.
Participate in Share Chat.
See more trades and director dealings.
Play the Fantasy Share Trading Game.


Private Messaging
RNS Alerts
Premium Services
User Settings
myTerminal
Register











Share Price Search










Register


Login:
Email Address

Password






                    Share:
                











 

				Tweet 
				





Register


Login:
Email Address

Password











Private Investor and financial journalist Ed Bowsher Watch here






HomeShare PricesFinancial DiaryUK IndicesUK Industry SectorsCompany LookupShare RisersShare FallersBroker RatingsFinance GlossaryFantasy Share GameResearch ToolsShare ChatFinance NewsSpreads / CFDsShare TradingForexBlogsLive PricesShares BookshopFinance ToolsMembers






					Share Views: Private Investor and financial journalist Ed Bowsher








Latest Share Chat88E. True Brom but I'm still a bit bel..CLLN. You really ar nauseating in your..RGM. Inept manageme-nt = poor potential..MPAY. Results due a-y time now. might h..GWMO. Like the way his has moved today..HNR. I Agree Pedrot-. 

Its been 20.8..SEE. Happy Days I'v-e bought more. Igno..88E. Brom, it certa-inly helps. When th..TECA. How lse was r-nning slow when Tro..FRR. who's actually going then? I'll b..



Home::Share Prices




Share Prices









All-Share RisersPriceChange% ChangeNext (NXT)4,382.00369.009.20%Lonmin (LMI)90.256.758.08%Cobham (COB)143.709.707.24%Communisis (CMS)49.503.006.45%Hilton Food (HFG)747.0042.005.96%


More Share Risers


All-Share FallersPriceChange% ChangeGame Digital (GMD)26.00-1.25-4.59%Goodwin (GDWN)1,526.00-66.50-4.18%Carclo (CAR)161.00-7.00-4.17%Spirent (SPT)116.75-5.00-4.11%Fdm Group Hldg (FDM)920.50-38.50-4.01%


More Share Fallers



FTSE 100




Shares in the NewsBP PLC (16)Royal Dutch Shell Plc (12)Standard Chartered PLC (11)Centrica PLC (10)Next PLC (10)


Recent Directors Dealings
Trade DateActionNotifierCompany21-Dec-17Exercise of optionPaul Brett holds the position of Land Director at Inland Homes Paul BrettINL03-Aug-17BuyPaul Withers holds the position of Senior Independent Director at Keller Group Paul WithersKLR02-Aug-17BuyMonique Melis holds the position of Independent Non-Executive Director at Metro Bank Monique MelisMTRO02-Aug-17BuyJohn O'Reilly holds the position of Independent Non-Executive Director at William Hill John O'ReillyWMH02-Aug-17BuyMark Bourke holds the position of CFO at Allied Irish Banks Mark BourkeALBK
View more recent directors dealings >>









			Trending Today
		

			Popular Shares
		

			Hot Chat Topics
		







CompanyPriceChange
 UK OIL & GAS7.65-1.29% ASCENT RES.2.4752.06% PREMIER AFR0.450% SOUND ENERGY46.253.93% HIGHLANDS NAT21.25-0.58% AMINEX3.721.31% SIRIUS MINERALS29.83-0.23% SOLO OIL4.875-4.88%




CompanyPriceChange
 Bp460.000.15% Bt Group314.300.45% Hsbc Hldgs.uk761.70-0.38% Lloyds Grp.66.241.04% Glaxosmithkline1,532.000.99% Tesco180.501.29% Vodafone Grp.224.301.61%




Number of share posts within the last 7 days
Uk Oil & Gas (UKOG)12,306Premier Afr (PREM)3,795Ascent Resources (AST)2,856[NUOG_Name] (NUOG)2,350Premier Oil (PMO)1,31188 Energy (88E)1,247Highlands Natural Resources Plc (HNR)1,232[ANGS_Name] (ANGS)1,109
















Member Login

Forgotten your password?




								Email:
							





								Password:
							





Remember Me?







Don't have an account? Click here to Register Free!






Home
				 | 
                Contact Us
				 | 
				About Us
				 | 
				
Advertise with Us
				 | 
				Sitemap
				 | 
                Terms & Conditions
				 | 
				
                Cookies
				 | 
                Privacy




				Datafeed and UK data supplied by NBTrader and Digital Look. 
				While London South East do their best to maintain the high quality of the information displayed on this site, 
				we cannot be held responsible for any loss due to incorrect information found here. All information is provided free of charge, 'as-is', and you use it at your own risk.
                The contents of all 'Chat' messages should not be construed as advice and represent the opinions of the authors, not those of London South East Limited, or its affiliates.
                London South East does not authorise or approve this content, and reserves the right to remove items at its discretion.
			
 







			This site requires cookies in order to give you the best user experience. By using this site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies.
		

Continue >
Find out more













