
























China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
 




























About Us

Company Profile
Chairman's Statement
Company History
Shareholding Structure
Directors and Senior Management

Corporate Governance

Board of Directors
Board Committees
Corporate Governance Report
Articles & Charter


Key Strategy

Corporate Information
Recognition & Awards



Investor Relations


Financial Highlights

Key Financial Data
Income Statement
Comprehensive Income Statement
Statement of Financial Position
Cash Flows
Five-year Summary



Operating Data

Monthly
Quarterly
Yearly


Financial Reports
Presentations & Webcasts
Investor Calendar
Analyst Coverage
FAQs
Investor Factsheet

Share Information

Overview
Dividend History
Stock Quote
Interactive News Chart





Regulatory Filings

Announcements
Circulars
SEC Filings
Monthly & Other Returns
Lost Share Certificates



Press Centre

Press Releases
Photo Library
Video Library
Corporate Images



Business

Business Overview




Responsibility



Language

English
繁體中文
简体中文






 








































Business Overview









{
LUYIMINExecutive Directorand President
}


In 2016, faced with profound changes in the market environment and challenges such as industry transformation, speed upgrade and tariff reduction and intensified competition, the company fully implemented focus strategy by focusing on 4G services and on key regions, promoted the widespread adoption of "All Network Access" terminals, launched targeted marketing campaigns, enforced simplification of administration and power delegation, resulting a bottom-out of business development.
Mobile Service
In 2016, the Company further optimised its 4G product offerings, leveraged Big Data to drive existing users value enhancement, and initiated the "Three Missions" in key cities, namely customer acquisition, migration of 2G to 4G and monetisation of data capacity to propel the transformation of operating model. Meanwhile, the Company also proactively expanded external cooperation, and partnered deeply with Internet companies to develop integrated products combining dedicated data traffic with third-party applications in an attempt to drive data usage via content and applications. The business momentum of mobile service improved substantially and bottomed out. Mobile billing subscribers witnessed a net increase of 11.51 million to a total of 263.82 million during the year. Mobile billing subscribers ARPU was RMB46.4. Mobile handset data traffic reached 1,608.1 billion MB, up by 131.1% year-on-year. More than 2,400 partner companies have joined the WO+ open platform, with a total of 1.83 billion function calls during the year.
Fixed-Line Service
In 2016, the Company continued to market its upgraded fibre network with an emphasis on high speed and premier quality, focused on promoting the sense of competition and efficient use of resources, fostered a shift in practice from passive sales to proactive marketing and customer acquisition, and strengthened cooperation with private capital in Southern China. The Company drove the establishment of a 4K UHD industry alliance to speed up innovation and development in home Internet, and to promote steady growth of fixed-line service. The number of broadband subscribers witnessed a net increase of 2.91 million to a total of 75.24 million. Broadband access ARPU was RMB49.4. FTTH subscriber penetration reached 71.2%, up by 18.1 percentage points year-on-year. The number of fixed-line local access subscribers decreased by 7.21 million to 66.65 million.
Network Capabilities
In 2016, led by 4G and fibre network upgrade, the Company quickly built up a premium 4G network with comprehensive coverage and favourable user perception, creating strong brand recognition for superior network with craftsmanship. Network quality was on par with industry in the key regions. The Company had a total of 736,000 4G base stations in operation, of which 539,000 were located in 139 key cities. The Company undertook massive construction of fibre broadband network and "all fibre network" upgrade, with 10 provinces in Northern China achieved "all fibre network" by the end of 2016. The number of broadband access ports amounted to 190 million, 98.0% of which were FTTX access ports.
The Company continued to optimise its international network deployment. As at the end of 2016, its total international submarine cable bandwidth reached 12.1T, total cross-border terrestrial cable bandwidth reached 7.6T, international outbound Internet bandwidth reached 1,711G, with international roaming covering 609 operators in 250 countries and regions.
Marketing
Branding
In 2016, the Company focused on key cities, young mobile Internet users and video service, rebuilt the reputation of WO 4G+ under the theme of "Premium WO 4G+ Network with Endless Surprises" by highlighting its merits of fast network speed, abundant data allowance and rich contents. Meanwhile, the Company promoted the brand concept of "Wonderful WO" in all-around manner through extensive publicity of its advantages in both broadband and integrated businesses, so as to constantly enhance the brand influence of "WO".

Marketing strategies
In 2016, the Company deepened implementation of Focus Strategy, initiated the "Three Missions" in key regions, innovated its tariff and product models, transformed its distribution model, and developed customer value management system. The Company also strengthened brand promotion, endeavoured to build a content and application ecosystem centred around video and bolstered its Big Data support capability, thereby effectively promoting its business transformation and development.
The Company laid foundation for innovative services by establishing a number of industrial Internet bases and incubation centres in key business areas and focusing on industrial Internet and platform-based businesses. It achieved rapid growth in ICT, IDC and cloud computing, Internet of Things and Big Data, etc. Meanwhile, the Company forged strategic partnership with various Internet companies to cooperate on integrated product development, mutual promotion and joint operation, so as to fuel its innovative service development.

Distribution channels
In 2016, backed by its WO retail platform, the Company developed a business model of offering terminal supply chain services to channels with over 15,000 self-owned terminal chain stores. Leaning on multiple touch points, the Company turned the electronic channel into a major channel for servicing customers and an important channel for product sales. The Company launched in-depth cooperation with large Internet companies with a robust kick-off in 2I2C offering. The Company widely developed online marketing system both internally and externally, as well as the integrated O2O functions, thus effectively enhancing its marketing capabilities.
Customer Care
In 2016, the Company strengthened its monitoring over service quality and operation of the major service touch points, and further improved the customer-oriented assessment system for managing and evaluating customer reputation and user experience. By accelerating the transformation and upgrade of traditional channels and deepening smart customer service operation, the Company developed a professional and coordinated service model addressing "Internet+ Services", established a customer reward and loyalty programme platform built upon the Internet era, proactively mitigated service shortcomings and improved customer perception. The Company maintained the lowest rates of customer complaint and unsolicited charges in the industry for the year.































China Unicom (Singapore) Operations Pte Ltd | 中国联通新加坡



























GLOBAL CONNECTIVITY
Enjoy Fast, Reliable Network Throughout The World




GLOBAL CONNECTIVITY
Enjoy Fast, Reliable Network Throughout The World










Product & Services
We are committed to provide our customers with excellent service in order to meet their worldwide demand for connectivity. The following are some of our products and services that we offer:



  MPLS-VPN



          China Unicom’s MPLS-VPN platform has a global coverage of more than 80 Point of Presence (POP). We will be able to provide you with scalability, speed and Quality of Service (QoS) to cater to your expansion needs with our Omni-presence worldwide. 
         
Read More 






  International Private Lease Circuit (IPLC)



          With China Unicom’s robust global network, our International Private Lease Circuit provides you with an effective and reliable global networking solution. Through our extensive overseas POP and cooperation with other major top tier partners, our customers can experience, real-time and secure transmission for voice, data and video for all their global connectivity needs. 
         
Read More 






  International Ethernet Private Line (IEPL)



          International Ethernet Private Line (IEPL) is an enhanced IPLC. It provides a dedicated Point-to-Point (P2P) or Point-to-Multipoint (P2MP) international connection with standard Ethernet interface and bandwidth flexibility. 
         
Read More 






  Dedicated Internet Access (DIA)



          Dedicated Internet Access (DIA) is a high-speed broadband internet access offering dedicated access with committed-access rate (CAR), offering a premium class of local domestic and international access service quality through China Unicom’s world-class global IP Backbone network. 
         
Read More 






  International IP Transit



          China Unicom International IP Transit Service is a high speed internet access service customized for international carriers, ISP, ASP as well as content providers. Customers can be readily connected to any of the China Unicom International Testing & Maintenance Centre (ITMC) or any of the overseas POP. 
         
Read More 






  Voice Wholesale



          China Unicom’s extensive partnership with major global telecom operators allows us to offer high-quality and secure voice services to any part of the world for our customers at competitive prices.
         
We serve the needs of local and international caries by providing termination service of international traffic with SAWP and Hubbing models via TDM and VoIP platforms. 
         
Read More 






  Co-Location



          China Unicom Singapore’s POP Location is strategically located @ Equinix SG1. A carrier neutral data center, Equinix has helped to provide all customers equal opportunity to establish a common ground for connectivity. Our partnership with Equinix constantly helps to build up connections with our customers, be it small or big. 
         
Read More 







News & Events







         China Unicom (Hong Kong) Global Center Grand Opening
         


 






         2016 China Unicom International Partners Meeting
         


 






         中国联通成功开通第一条跨太平洋100G电路
         

         7月2日晚上11：54，中国联通第一条跨太平洋100G电路正式开通。该电路通过AAG海缆系统连接香港柴湾POP点和美国圣何塞POP点
         
 








Network Map
Click here to find out China Unicom Global Network Map.
Read More 







Network Support
Need assistance for network connection? Contact our 24x7 technical support.Read More 







Career
Click here to find out China Unicom Global Network Map.Read More 









Home
About Us
Product & Services
Network
News & Events
Contact



@2015 China Unicom Singapore 中国联通新加坡 | Design by 24K












Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.

















	Market Report: China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report

     
                        Jan 31, 2017 - MarketLine 
                    
                - 35 pages 
                - USD $175 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Companies


Request Details


Related







China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company's structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360deg view of the company.Key FindingsDetailed information on China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited required for business and competitor intelligence needsA study of the major internal and external factors affecting China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited in the form of a SWOT analysisAn in-depth view of the business model of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited including a breakdown and examination of key business segmentsIntelligence on China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited's mergers and acquisitions (MandA), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisorsNews about China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited, such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract winsLarge number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trendsReasons to Get this ReportGain understanding of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited and the factors that influence its strategies.Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions.Assess China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited as a prospective partner, vendor or supplier.Support sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses better.Stay up to date on China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited's business structure, strategy and prospects.Report HighlightsChina Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (China Unicom or 'the company') is an integrated telecommunications service provider based in Hong Kong. The company offers fixed-line voice, mobile; broadband and other internet related services; information and communications technology (ICT) services; business and data communications services; and other related telecommunications value added services. The company primarily operates in Mainland China. It is headquartered in Hong Kong.
Company Snapshot- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Company Overview- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Overview and Key Facts--- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Overview--- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Key Facts- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Key Employees- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Key Employee Biographies- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Major Products and Services- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Company History- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Management Statement- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Key CompetitorsChina Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Company Analysis- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Business Description- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: SWOT Analysis--- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: SWOT Overview--- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Strengths--- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Weaknesses--- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Opportunities--- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: ThreatsChina Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Recent Developments- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: News and Events Summary- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Business Expansion- China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Financial PerformanceAppendix- Contact Us- Methodology- Definitions- About DatamonitorList of TablesTable 1: China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Key FactsTable 2: China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Key EmployeesTable 3: China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Key CompetitorsTable 4: China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: News and Events SummaryTable 5: China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Business ExpansionTable 6: China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited: Financial Performance
Companies Mentioned in this ReportChina Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$175  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY: By Email - 1 Business Day


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
MarketLine is a global publisher of company, industry and country information. Their clients operate across a wide variety of industries and job functions and range from multinational corporations right down to small businesses in both developed and developing economies. MarketLine users enjoy access to content that is trustworthy, up to date and reasonably priced and routinely turn to them as their first-stop resource for instantly accessible, reliable business information. MarketLine is wholly owned subsidiary of Datamonitor.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.




















    China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy and SWOT Report
























Login -
  My basket -
  




EUR GBP 


























China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy and SWOT Report

December 2015
28 pages
MarketLine
        

Report ID: 3696314



Summary
Table of contents
Search Inside


IntroductionChina Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited  - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company’s structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360? view of the company.Features: - Detailed information on China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited required for business and competitor intelligence needs - A study of the major internal and external factors affecting China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited in the form of a SWOT analysis - An in-depth view of the business model of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited including a breakdown and examination of key business segments - Intelligence on China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited’s mergers and acquisitions (M&A), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisors - News about China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited, such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract wins - Large number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trendsHighlights:China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (China Unicom or "the company") is an integrated telecommunications service provider based in Hong Kong. The company offers fixed-line voice, mobile; broadband and other internet related services; information and communications technology (ICT) services; business and data communications services; and other related telecommunications value added services. The company primarily operates in Mainland China. It is headquartered in Hong Kong and employed 281,403 people as on December 31, 2014.  The company recorded revenues of CNY284,681 million ($46,289.1 million) during the financial year ended December 2014 (FY2014), a decrease of 3.5% compared to FY2013. The operating profit of the company was CNY18,903 million ($3,073.6 million) in FY2014, an increase of 19.9% over FY2013. The net profit of the company was CNY12,055 million ($1,960.1 million) in FY2014, an increase of 15.8% over FY2013.Reasons to Purchase: - Gain understanding of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited and the factors that influence its strategies  - Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions  - Assess China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited as a prospective partner, vendor or supplier - Support sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses better - Stay up to date on China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited’s business structure, strategy and prospects
	

		Company OverviewBusiness DescriptionHistoryKey Employees and BiographiesCompany ViewLocations and SubsidiariesSWOT AnalysisRevenue AnalysisKey CompetitorsMajor Products and Services
	







            Loading...
          


            We are very sorry, but an error occurred.
            Please contact support@reportbuyer.com if the problem remains.
          









Immediate delivery






              $ 175 - 1 User License
              

              $ 350 - Site License
              

              $ 525 - Corporate License
              




Get Report
Pay by invoice
Get a quote



 Veronica helps you find the right report:

+1 718 213 4904
Contact by email




FAQ

Delivery time
User license
Payment options



Testimonials







The market research advisor answered my questions quickly and professionally. ReportBuyer's team did their best to ensure that I felt comfortable before making the investment to purchase the report.


Cristian Nunez
          Director of Corporate Development Chugach Alaska Corporation
        



My overall experience with ReportBuyer today has been very positive, and I must thank you for your patience (...). Also, the sample you sent me and the explanations provided were very helpful.


D. Lescuyer
          Executive Vice President Oral Business at Skyepharma
        



The research specialist was very helpful, and proposed the best content for my needs.
ReportBuyer also offered a great follow-up, thanks for everything !


P. Thompson
          EMEA Managing Director
        



We were satisfied with the support that ReportBuyer's team provided. Thanks to their recommendations, the report we purchased provided exactly what we want.


Y. Wang
          Business Analyst
        



We didn't have time to do the research internally, and thanks to ReportBuyer's team we were able to find the appropriate data.


S. Chen
          Research Coordinator
        



I was impressed by the customer service: it was fast, responsive, and 100% professional !


D. Krivan
          Market Research Analyst
        



The research specialist provided prompt and helpful service. He also followed up to ensure I had all the information to deliver my business development plan.


C. Adams
          Senior Business Development Manager
        












Our reports have been used by over 10K customers, including:









































































Related reports and data






            Topics
                            related to
                                        
        Telecom
    




        Unified Communications
    






            Parent Industry        


Telecom







            Related Industries
        


Computer Equipment


Computer Security


IT Infrastructure


IT Services


Internet Business


Media


Software


Wireless Technology


















                    Centron Telecom International Holding Limited
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    69 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jul 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Centron Telecom International Holding Limited  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the...
                                            
















                    Smartone Telecommunications Holdings Limited
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    68 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jun 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Smartone Telecommunications Holdings Limited  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company,...
                                            
















                    China Telecom Corp Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    70 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     Jun 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for China Telecom Corp Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including contact...
                                            
















                    Telecom Digital Holdings Ltd
                

 90
 99
 77

                                    66 pages •
                                By Wright Investors' Service 
                •     May 2017

            


                                                    A textual analysis of the financial results for Telecom Digital Holdings Ltd  compared to selected competitors. Also included are quantitative analyses of the company's financial statements, extensive ratio analyses and up to 10-year history of sales, earnings, dividends and security pricing. A business description of the company, including...
                                            
















                    CK Hutchison Holdings Limited - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report
                

 159
 175
 135

                                    46 pages •
                                By MarketLine 
                •     Dec 2016

            


                                                    Summary CK Hutchison Holdings Limited - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company's structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360? view of the company.   Key Findings -...
                                            
















                    China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report
                

 159
 175
 135

                                    40 pages •
                                By MarketLine 
                •     Dec 2016

            


                                                    Summary China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy, SWOT and Corporate Finance Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company's structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360? view of the company.   Key Findings -...
                                            





More…





        Country=China Industry=MobileServices ParentIndustry=Telecom Date=201512 Topic=SWOTAnalysis Publisher=MarketLine Price=1000
    












 
 







China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy and SWOT Report
















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in











Technology & Media»Telecommunications & Wireless»Telecommunications»Telecommunications Company Reports 



China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy and SWOT Report


Lowest Prices Guaranteed
Length
Publisher
Published Date
SKU


from $175
28 Pages


MarketLine




December, 2015
                                

MTLN5927985





Lowest Prices Guaranteed


Price
from $175


Length
28 Pages


Publisher

MarketLine



Published Date

December, 2015

                            


SKU
MTLN5927985



Table of Contents




Close Window
Table of Contents




China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy and SWOT Report


Printer format



MarketLine

Company OverviewBusiness DescriptionHistoryKey Employees and BiographiesCompany ViewLocations and SubsidiariesSWOT AnalysisRevenue AnalysisKey CompetitorsMajor Products and Services




Description




Close Window
Description




China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy and SWOT Report


Printer format



MarketLine


China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited - Strategy and SWOT ReportIntroductionChina Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited  - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company’s structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360˚ view of the company.Features:Detailed information on China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited required for business and competitor intelligence needsA study of the major internal and external factors affecting China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited in the form of a SWOT analysisAn in-depth view of the business model of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited including a breakdown and examination of key business segmentsIntelligence on China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited’s mergers and acquisitions (M&A), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisorsNews about China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited, such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract winsLarge number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trendsHighlights:China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (China Unicom or the company) is an integrated telecommunications service provider based in Hong Kong. The company offers fixed-line voice, mobile; broadband and other internet related services; information and communications technology (ICT) services; business and data communications services; and other related telecommunications value added services. The company primarily operates in Mainland China. It is headquartered in Hong Kong and employed 281,403 people as on December 31, 2014.  The company recorded revenues of CNY284,681 million ($46,289.1 million) during the financial year ended December 2014 (FY2014), a decrease of 3.5% compared to FY2013. The operating profit of the company was CNY18,903 million ($3,073.6 million) in FY2014, an increase of 19.9% over FY2013. The net profit of the company was CNY12,055 million ($1,960.1 million) in FY2014, an increase of 15.8% over FY2013.Reasons to Purchase:Gain understanding of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited and the factors that influence its strategies Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions Assess China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited as a prospective partner, vendor or supplierSupport sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses betterStay up to date on China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited’s business structure, strategy and prospects





Search inside this report




Close Window
Search inside this report
















Online Download
$175


Purchase






Site License
$350


Purchase






Global Site License
$525


Purchase










 



Research assistance



US: 800.298.5699
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093
















      Download our eBook: How to Succeed Using Market Research
    

      Learn how to effectively navigate the market research process to help guide your organization on the journey to success.
    

        Download eBook
    



Share this report









Other tasks

Printer format
Order by fax
Currency converter







































中国联通
























首页
新闻中心
品牌专区
业务介绍
人力资源
社会责任
企业文化
客户服务
关于中国联通












关闭




























<
>
1234567 



新闻资讯


公司新闻



七月
31




李克强考察中国联通等基础电信企业并主持召开座谈会
7月31日，中共中央政治局常委、国务院总理李克强到中国电信、中国移动、中国联通公司考察并主持召开座谈会。





七月
28



中国联通召开安全生产与网络信息安全电视电话会议 全面贯彻落实全国安全生产电视电话会议精神
7月28日，中国联通召开全国安全生产与网络信息安全电视电话会议，贯彻落实中央领导对安全生产工作的重要指示批示和全国安全生产电视电话会议精神，部署全系统安全生产与网络信息安全工作。




更多>>




李克强总理充分肯定中国联通提速降费工作






专题专栏
抗洪救灾保通信
更多>>
国资动态
强根铸魂抓党建 踏石留印见实...
更多>>







中国联合网络通信2016年下半年服务质量报告2017-01-26
中国联合网络通信2016年上半年服务质量报告2016-07-27

更多公告>>



品牌专区业务介绍




























链接专区


投资者关系
A股官网 http://www.chinaunicom-a.com红筹官网 http://www.chinaunicom.com.hk
物资采购
中国联通采购与招标网 http://www.chinaunicombidding.cn联通合作方自服务门户 https://www.cuecp.cn
网上营业厅
网上营业厅 http://www.10010.com
省分公司及子公司







新闻中心
品牌专区
业务介绍
人力资源
社会责任
企业文化
客户服务
关于中国联通
关注我们
期刊杂志








公司新闻
国资动态
专题专栏
通知公告




企业品牌
沃品牌




公众业务
政企客户业务
国际业务
创新业务




校园招聘

教育培训




社会责任报告
社会责任实践




企业愿景
企业使命
企业价值观
联通司歌
联通好员工




客户服务




集团介绍
领导成员
企业荣誉
大事记




官方微博
官方微信




信息通信技术
邮电设计技术













友情链接
联系我们
法律声明
Copyright ©1999-2017 中国联通 All Rights Reserved 京ICP备11000964号-3










中國聯通香港網上商店—上網卡|日本上網卡|韓國上網卡|泰國上網卡|台灣上網卡|跨境王粵港共享上網卡|中港上網卡|儲值卡上網|3G上網卡|電話儲值卡|網上增值 






























購物車



  








修改密碼
待收貨 
全部訂單
待支付 
我的分享
後台管理
号码绑定
登出




 登入 註冊 
我的訂單 

            香港
        

繁体
/ English













  

首頁

SIM ONLY




ONE月費計劃 

4G自由組合月費計劃 

4G優惠月費計劃 

4G Advance本地月費計劃 

4G中港月費計劃 

3G優惠月費計劃 

校園月費計劃 




出機上台




HUAWEI HUAWEI P9 Plus月費計劃 HUAWEI P10 Plus月費計劃 HUAWEI Mate9 Pro月費計劃 HUAWEI Mate9月費計劃 

定位追蹤月費計劃 定位追蹤月費計劃 - 手錶 定位追蹤月費計劃 - 寵物設備 




旅遊卡




大中華區域 香港及澳門7日無限^上網卡 廣東及香港90日3GB上網卡 廣東及香港30日1GB上網卡 4G台灣7日無限^上網/通話卡 4G中港7日2GB上網卡 中港7日1GB上網卡 大中華30日1GB上網卡 4G數據王 跨境王4G香港號碼版 自遊王,香港及澳門兩用儲值卡 

亞洲區域 新加坡5日無限^上網卡 4G新加坡7日無限^上網/通話卡 4G日本7日5GB上網卡 4G日本7日無限^上網卡 4G南韓7日無限^上網/通話卡 4G泰國7日無限^上網卡 4G星馬泰7日無限^上網/通話卡 

歐美澳區域 歐洲15日1GB上網卡 4G美國30日無限^上網/通話卡 4G澳洲15日無限^上網/通話卡 澳洲10日無限^上網卡 

已停售 漫遊王儲值卡(已停售) 跨境王,一卡兩號儲值卡(已停售) 跨境王加強版(已停售) 中國遊,一卡兩號預付卡(已停售) 如意香港卡升級版(已停售) 




增值服務




娛樂體驗 音樂 影院 

日常應用 數據附屬卡 短訊 來電轉駁 來電小秘書 

漫遊 「CUsaver」數據漫遊 漫遊覆蓋及收費 

IDD 月費計劃用戶 儲值卡用戶 




熱門優惠



客戶服務




自助服務 

聯絡我們 

查詢/意見 

常見問題 

中國內地號碼實名登記 



 

 




























6
10
12
13
















網上增值 



 

在線支付 使用增值券  
充值 




增值券 

中國聯通香港增值券$50

                                HK$50
                                                            
立即購買> 

HK$

                                49
                            


售價 



中國聯通香港增值券$100,手機增值

                                HK$100
                                                            
立即購買> 

HK$

                                98
                            


售價 











月費計劃 






ONE月費計劃





中港





4G本地月費計劃









儲值/上網卡 






大中華區




亞洲




歐美澳








手機及裝置 






P10 Plus月費計劃




定位追蹤手錶




HUAWEI








常用資訊 






熱門優惠





出外漫遊





帳戶查詢




















 購物指南
註冊賬號
購物流程
購物券使用


配送方式
運費標準
發貨時間


售後服務
常見問題
客戶服務
如何充值


關於我們 
公司介紹
渠道合作
市場合作
查詢/意見


二維碼




友情鏈接:
      中國聯通集團

中國聯通全球服務
公平使用政策
服務條款
852-21221188


  Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved. China Unicom (Hong Kong) Operations Limited





Live Chat














-CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG) LIMITED (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability) (Stock Code: 0762)Profit Warning 































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology












Powered by



        -CHINA UNICOM (HONG KONG) LIMITED (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability) (Stock Code: 0762)Profit Warning     























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 

          Aug 9, 2016           - ENP Newswire      






This announcement is made by China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited (the 'Company', together with its subsidiaries, the 'Group') pursuant to Rule 13.09 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the Inside Information Provisions under Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).In the first half of 2016, the Group's operation was on track as planned. Our mobile business has achieved initial success 




Sign up for unrestricted access to 200+ subscription services. 









                                    By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy,  and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions.
                                




                        Already have an account?  Click here to login.


RelSci News & Alerts gets you:

10 free articles a month from top subscription outlets like the Financial Times, New York Times, and Washington Post
Competitive business intelligence through daily data updates
Custom feeds on target high-value individuals, companies, industries, and topics delivered straight to your inbox







Related News Feeds






Hong Kong Professionals & Senior Executives Association Ltd.







Alumni of The Chinese University of Hong Kong







China United Network Communications Ltd.







Alumni of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University - Faculty of Business




Create your own custom news feed 




Mentioned Entities




                          Law Fan Chiu Fun Fanny                      



                          Zhang Junan                      



                          Li Fushen                      



                          Timpson Chung Shui Ming                      



                          Wang Xiaochu                      



                          Wong Wai Ming                      



                          China Unicom (Hong Kong) Ltd.                      



                          Shun Loy Yung                      



                          Lu Yimin                      



                          Linus Cheung Wing Lam                      



See how you can reach these people and organizations 










You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Connect to Individuals and Organizations In This Story

Upgrade to RelSci Pro to easily sync your contacts and see how you can reach the people and organizations featured in this article.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now










Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤




































 







Telecommunications & Wireless Market Research Reports & Telecommunications & Wireless Industry Analysis | MarketResearch.com



















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in














Market Research
»

Technology & Media

Telecommunications & Wireless Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis


The terminology wireless communication includes a wide range of products including handheld radios, PDAs, cell phones, and wireless networking. There are other examples of wireless technology that can be found in devices like Maritime VHF, garage door openers, computer mice, satellite television, GPS, keyboards, and cordless telephones.

Wireless communication has the ability to be limited to small distances, like it’s done with bluetooth communications, or also to thousand mile distances like with short wave radio communication. Very often wireless communication is applied where wires are not possible or costly.

Wireless communications can be found frequently within the telecommunication sector as a vehicle to transport data without the need to use wires. This transfer of data over large distances to communicate with complex, electrical products can be found in devices like telegraphs, teletypes, telephones, the use of microwave and radio waves, fiber optics and their corresponding electronics, in addition to its use in various orbiting satellites and the Internet.

While the focus of opportunity in the telecommunications industry continually changes from wired to wireless frameworks, the necessity to access a larger portion of the electromagnetic spectrum becomes increasingly valuable. There are many competing opinions of the best way to free up spectrum under the present power and control of the government bureaucracy’s around the world.
...Show More
...Show Less






Filter your search

Filter your search




Telecommunications (7937)
Wireless (11485)




Global  (3015)
Europe  (2538)
Asia  (2398)
North America  (1556)
Africa  (1464)
Oceania  (1046)
South America  (796)
Middle East  (549)
Caribbean  (272)
Central America  (166)




Research Assistance
US: 800.298.5699 
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093






Join Alert Me Now!
Receive bi-weekly email alerts on new research
Sign Up

Find out more on our blog



Telecommunications & Wireless Industry Research & Market Reports

Sort by:

Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Price Low-to-High
Price High-to-Low
Date
Date (Older First)

Refine your search




Close Window
Refine your search








Title:







Publisher:







Keyword:







Price(USD):





 To 







Date:



Any Date
Last Month
Last 3 Months
Last 6 Months
Last Year
Last 2 Years





Region:



All Regions

                                                            Africa
                                                        

                                                               Algeria
                                                        

                                                               Angola
                                                        

                                                               Benin
                                                        

                                                               Botswana
                                                        

                                                               Burkina Faso
                                                        

                                                               Burundi
                                                        

                                                               Cameroon
                                                        

                                                               Cape Verde
                                                        

                                                               Central African Republic
                                                        

                                                               Chad
                                                        

                                                               Comoros
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               Cote d'Ivoire
                                                        

                                                               Djibouti
                                                        

                                                               Egypt
                                                        

                                                               Equatorial Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Eritrea
                                                        

                                                               Ethiopia
                                                        

                                                               Gabon
                                                        

                                                               The Gambia
                                                        

                                                               Ghana
                                                        

                                                               Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Guinea-Bissau
                                                        

                                                               Kenya
                                                        

                                                               Lesotho
                                                        

                                                               Liberia
                                                        

                                                               Libya
                                                        

                                                               Madagascar
                                                        

                                                               Malawi
                                                        

                                                               Mali
                                                        

                                                               Mauritania
                                                        

                                                               Mauritius
                                                        

                                                               Mayotte
                                                        

                                                               Morocco
                                                        

                                                               Mozambique
                                                        

                                                               Namibia
                                                        

                                                               Niger
                                                        

                                                               Nigeria
                                                        

                                                               Reunion
                                                        

                                                               Rwanda
                                                        

                                                               Sao Tome and Principe
                                                        

                                                               Senegal
                                                        

                                                               Seychelles
                                                        

                                                               Sierra Leone
                                                        

                                                               Somalia
                                                        

                                                               South Africa
                                                        

                                                               South Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Swaziland
                                                        

                                                               Tanzania
                                                        

                                                               Togo
                                                        

                                                               Tunisia
                                                        

                                                               Uganda
                                                        

                                                               Western Sahara
                                                        

                                                               Zambia
                                                        

                                                               Zimbabwe
                                                        

                                                            Asia
                                                        

                                                               Afghanistan
                                                        

                                                               Armenia
                                                        

                                                               Azerbaijan
                                                        

                                                               Bangladesh
                                                        

                                                               Bhutan
                                                        

                                                               Brunei
                                                        

                                                               Cambodia
                                                        

                                                               China
                                                        

                                                               Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                                        

                                                               East Timor
                                                        

                                                               Georgia
                                                        

                                                               Hong Kong
                                                        

                                                               India
                                                        

                                                               Indonesia
                                                        

                                                               Japan
                                                        

                                                               Kazakhstan
                                                        

                                                               Kyrgyzstan
                                                        

                                                               Laos
                                                        

                                                               Macau
                                                        

                                                               Malaysia
                                                        

                                                               Maldives
                                                        

                                                               Mongolia
                                                        

                                                               Myanmar
                                                        

                                                               Nepal
                                                        

                                                               North Korea
                                                        

                                                               Pakistan
                                                        

                                                               Papua New Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Philippines
                                                        

                                                               Russia
                                                        

                                                               Singapore
                                                        

                                                               South Korea
                                                        

                                                               Sri Lanka
                                                        

                                                               Taiwan
                                                        

                                                               Tajikistan
                                                        

                                                               Thailand
                                                        

                                                               Turkey
                                                        

                                                               Turkmenistan
                                                        

                                                               Uzbekistan
                                                        

                                                               Vietnam
                                                        

                                                            Caribbean
                                                        

                                                               Anguilla
                                                        

                                                               Antigua and Barbuda
                                                        

                                                               Aruba
                                                        

                                                               The Bahamas
                                                        

                                                               Barbados
                                                        

                                                               British Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cayman Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cuba
                                                        

                                                               Curacao
                                                        

                                                               Dominica
                                                        

                                                               Dominican Republic
                                                        

                                                               Grenada
                                                        

                                                               Guadeloupe
                                                        

                                                               Haiti
                                                        

                                                               Jamaica
                                                        

                                                               Martinique
                                                        

                                                               Montserrat
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands Antilles
                                                        

                                                               Puerto Rico
                                                        

                                                               Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                                        

                                                               Saint Lucia
                                                        

                                                               Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                                        

                                                               Sint Maarten/ Saint Maarten
                                                        

                                                               Trinidad and Tobago
                                                        

                                                               Turks and Caicos Islands
                                                        

                                                               Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                            Central America
                                                        

                                                               Belize
                                                        

                                                               Costa Rica
                                                        

                                                               El Salvador
                                                        

                                                               Guatemala
                                                        

                                                               Honduras
                                                        

                                                               Nicaragua
                                                        

                                                               Panama
                                                        

                                                            Europe
                                                        

                                                               Albania
                                                        

                                                               Andorra
                                                        

                                                               Austria
                                                        

                                                               Belarus
                                                        

                                                               Belgium
                                                        

                                                               Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                        

                                                               Bulgaria
                                                        

                                                               Croatia
                                                        

                                                               Czech Republic
                                                        

                                                               Denmark
                                                        

                                                               Estonia
                                                        

                                                               Faroe Islands
                                                        

                                                               Finland
                                                        

                                                               France
                                                        

                                                               Germany
                                                        

                                                               Gibraltar
                                                        

                                                               Greece
                                                        

                                                               Guernsey
                                                        

                                                               Hungary
                                                        

                                                               Iceland
                                                        

                                                               Ireland
                                                        

                                                               Isle of Man
                                                        

                                                               Italy
                                                        

                                                               Jersey
                                                        

                                                               Kosovo
                                                        

                                                               Latvia
                                                        

                                                               Liechtenstein
                                                        

                                                               Lithuania
                                                        

                                                               Luxembourg
                                                        

                                                               Macedonia
                                                        

                                                               Malta
                                                        

                                                               Moldova
                                                        

                                                               Monaco
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands
                                                        

                                                               Norway
                                                        

                                                               Poland
                                                        

                                                               Portugal
                                                        

                                                               Romania
                                                        

                                                               San Marino
                                                        

                                                               Scotland
                                                        

                                                               Serbia and Montenegro
                                                        

                                                               Slovakia
                                                        

                                                               Slovenia
                                                        

                                                               Spain
                                                        

                                                               Sweden
                                                        

                                                               Switzerland
                                                        

                                                               Ukraine
                                                        

                                                               United Kingdom
                                                        

                                                            Global
                                                        

                                                            Middle East
                                                        

                                                               Bahrain
                                                        

                                                               Cyprus
                                                        

                                                               Gaza Strip
                                                        

                                                               Iran
                                                        

                                                               Iraq
                                                        

                                                               Israel
                                                        

                                                               Jordan
                                                        

                                                               Kuwait
                                                        

                                                               Lebanon
                                                        

                                                               Oman
                                                        

                                                               Palestinian Territories
                                                        

                                                               Qatar
                                                        

                                                               Saudi Arabia
                                                        

                                                               Syria
                                                        

                                                               United Arab Emirates
                                                        

                                                               Yemen
                                                        

                                                            North America
                                                        

                                                               Bermuda
                                                        

                                                               Canada
                                                        

                                                               Greenland
                                                        

                                                               Mexico
                                                        

                                                               United States
                                                        

                                                            Oceania
                                                        

                                                               American Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Australia
                                                        

                                                               Cook Islands
                                                        

                                                               Fiji
                                                        

                                                               French Polynesia
                                                        

                                                               Guam
                                                        

                                                               Kiribati
                                                        

                                                               Marshall Islands
                                                        

                                                               Micronesia, Federated States of
                                                        

                                                               Nauru
                                                        

                                                               New Caledonia
                                                        

                                                               New Zealand
                                                        

                                                               Niue
                                                        

                                                               Norfolk Island
                                                        

                                                               Northern Mariana Islands
                                                        

                                                               Palau
                                                        

                                                               Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Solomon Islands
                                                        

                                                               Tonga
                                                        

                                                               Tuvalu
                                                        

                                                               Vanuatu
                                                        

                                                            South America
                                                        

                                                               Argentina
                                                        

                                                               Bolivia
                                                        

                                                               Brazil
                                                        

                                                               Chile
                                                        

                                                               Colombia
                                                        

                                                               Ecuador
                                                        

                                                               Falkland Islands
                                                        

                                                               French Guiana
                                                        

                                                               Guyana
                                                        

                                                               Paraguay
                                                        

                                                               Peru
                                                        

                                                               Suriname
                                                        

                                                               Uruguay
                                                        

                                                               Venezuela
                                                        





 Search 











“Role of Wireless ICT in Healthcare and Wellness” Standardization, Applications and Markets
Aug 03, 2017  | USD 3,650
...of continuous increase in the government spending/support Unstoppable increase in the service cost Deterioration of services. One technology, which is gradually becoming a powerful tool to improve healthcare is wireless communications. This technology is enhancing ... Read More


Western Europe IoT Satellite Connectivity Forecast,  2017-2021
Jul 27, 2017  | USD 4,500
...Europe. This document contains projected Western European data for 2017–2021."The Western European market for IoT is now maturing as businesses are making ever-more strategic decisions to invest in a connected strategy as a means to ... Read More


Finland - Telecoms Infrastructure, Operators, Regulations - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 27, 2017  | USD 390
...provided additional spectrum for telecom services and is preparing spectrum auctions in two pioneer bands to enable mobile operators to trial 5G services from 2018. As a result of these efforts the country enjoys among ... Read More


Finland - Mobile Infrastructure, Broadband, Operators - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 27, 2017  | USD 390
...regulator in late 2016 auctioned spectrum in the 700MHz to extend the availability of LTE services nationally, while it also planned to make available to network operators spectrum in the 3.5GHz band by the end ... Read More


Slovenia - Telecoms Infrastructure, Operators, Regulations - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 26, 2017  | USD 390
...company is looking to expand into the electricity and insurance sectors, capitalising o its extensive customer base. In response to competition the telco has also followed the path of many European incumbents and developed an ... Read More


Global Telecoms Trends in 2018 - Broadband Infrastructure, IoT, Video-Streaming and Smart Cities
Jul 26, 2017  | USD 1,590
...capital expenditure (CAPEX) and telecoms revenue. Statistics and information on the overall number of fixed lines; Internet users; mobile subscribers (worldwide and by region); text messages; top carriers'; outsourcing; MVNO and telecoms M&amp;A market statistics ... Read More


Slovenia - Mobile Infrastructure, Broadband, Operators - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 26, 2017  | USD 390
...telcos have branched into offering both mobile and fixed-line services so as to offer bundled products. This strategy saw the cableco Telemach acquire Tumobil and Si.mobil merge with Amis Telekom, with both of the latter ... Read More


Analysis of Competition between TSMC and Samsung Using the Case of Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Processor
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 600
...28nm process to Snapdragon 808 and 810 on TSMC's 20nm process. This relationship took a hit, however, when Qualcomm turned to Samsung's 14nm process for its Snapdragon 820 in 2015 and 10nm technology for Snapdragon ... Read More


Development of PC Application IC Market in 2017 and Beyond
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,800
...leading to declines in the consumer PC market since 2013. In the meantime, chip performance has become increasingly important for computer systems as shipment share of high-performance PCs such as gaming PCs and notebook PCs ... Read More


Nigeria - Mobile Infrastructure, Operators and Broadband - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 550
...service, prompting the telecom regulator to impose fines and sanctions on the network operators. These have responded by investing billions of dollars in base stations and fibre optic transmission infrastructure to support the ever increasing ... Read More


Sierra Leone - Telecoms, Mobile and Broadband - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 750
...2012 and 2013 has slowed but remains strong, and this has encouraged international companies to invest in the country. Nevertheless, the telecommunications infrastructure is only gradually recovering from the destruction caused during the war years, ... Read More


Kazakhstan - Telecoms, Mobile, Broadband and Digital Media - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 750
...sector. Growth over the past few years has been relatively flat. Moderate growth is predicted over the next five years to 2022 as mobile broadband will continue to dominate the broadband segment. The number of ... Read More


Nokia: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Communication Equipment Industry
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 1,450
...and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented communication equipment Industry, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions and marketing ... Read More


Worldwide Telecommunications Wireline Business Market Shares, 2016: Tier 1 CSPs Gain Share
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 4,500
...10 major CSPs from various regions including both telecommunications and emerging cable MSOs. According to Courtney Munroe, GVP, Worldwide Telecommunications Research at IDC, "The business networking sector grew by 6.4% in 2016, but business strategies ... Read More


Motorola Solutions: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Communication Equipment Industry
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 1,450
...the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented communication equipment Industry, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions ... Read More


Worldwide Enterprise Videoconferencing Equipment Forecast, 2017–2021
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 4,500
...mostly due to a worldwide videoconferencing market that's in transition. "We are continuing to see lower-cost video endpoints, software-based solutions, cloud-based offerings, and web browser usage combine to drive interest in video collaboration, as well ... Read More


Global Telecoms - The Big Picture - Looking Towards 2018 and Key Industry Statistics
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 350
...than not the industry itself is struggling to keep up with these rapid changes. The convergence that we have been talking about for more than 20 years is now happening, but driven by disruption rather ... Read More


BlackBerry: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Communication Equipment Industry
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 1,450
...and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented communication equipment Industry, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions and marketing ... Read More


LM Ericsson Telephone: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Communication Equipment Industry
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 1,450
...critical to the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented communication equipment Industry, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new ... Read More


India: Intense Competition in Mobile Services Segment to Result in Market Consolidation
Jul 21, 2017  | USD 990
...2015. Mobile voice was the largest revenue-contributing segment and accounted for 62.4% of total service revenue, but its share is estimated to decline over the forecast period and reach 47.9% in 2021, mainly due to ... Read More


Lecture Capture Systems Market by Solution (Hardware and Software), End-User (Educational Institution and Corporate), Service Type (Professional, Training, and Integration & Maintenance), Deployment Model, and Region - Global Forecast to 2022 
Jul 21, 2017  | USD 5,650
...distance education is driving the growth of the lecture capture systems market.” The global lecture capture systems market size is expected to grow from USD 2.24 billion in 2017 to USD 9.39 billion by 2022, ... Read More


Malaysia: Expansion of High-Speed Wireless and Fixed Broadband Networks to Drive Telecom Market Growth
Jul 21, 2017  | USD 990
...largest revenue-contributing segment accounting for 37.8% of total service revenue in 2016, is expected to decline and account for 31% by 2021 due to competition from OTT-calling applications and to operators offering free calling as ... Read More


South Korea: Operator Investments in 5G and Fiber to Support Growth of IPTV and New Value-Added Services
Jul 21, 2017  | USD 990
...GDP, a decline of -1.7% since 2015, due to a massive decline in voice services revenue. However, in local currency its revenue increased by 0.9% over 2015. The mobile market continues to be the largest ... Read More


South Sudan - Telecoms, Mobile and Broadband - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 21, 2017  | USD 550
...one of the least developed telecommunications and internet markets in the world, while other infrastructure is also lamentably poor. Although this potentially can create investment opportunities for infrastructure and service providers, such developments largely depend ... Read More


Worldwide Communications Processor Market Shares, 2016: M&A Continues
Jul 21, 2017  | USD 4,500
...a competitive analysis of the worldwide communications processor market for the calendar year 2016."Following the megamergers of 2015, large-scale mergers and acquisitions (M&amp;As) and consolidation continued in 2016," said Abhi Dugar, research director, Semiconductor Core ... Read More



< prev 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
  next > 




Start New Browse


Consumer Goods
Food & Beverage
Heavy Industry
Life Sciences
Marketing & Market Research
Public Sector
Service Industries
Technology & Media
 Company Reports
Reports by Country
View all Market Areas
View all Publishers




































