
CMC Infocomm Ltd (CMCI.SI)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















CMC Infocomm Ltd (CMCI.SI)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTelecommunications ServicesIntegrated Telecommunications Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				CMCI.SI on Stock Exchange of Singapore


				0.09SGD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.09


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

2,739,905




52-wk High

$0.16


52-wk Low

$0.04











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Abdul Rahman

60
2015

                                Non-Executive Chairman of the Board




							Zimin Qian

55
2017

                                Chief Executive Officer




							Phua Cher Phua

47
2017

                                Executive Director




							Kwee Yee Teo


2017

                                Company Secretary




							Hazwan Alif

29
2016

                                Non-Executive Director




							Geok Soon Sim

54
2015

                                Non-Executive Director




							Jakob Hinrichsen

46
2015

                                Non-Executive Independent Director




							Yee Kit Hong

65
2015

                                Non-Executive Lead Independent Director




							Alex Siow

61
2015

                                Non-Executive Independent Director




							Clifton Yong

52
2015

                                Non-Executive Independent Director



» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Abdul Rahman


					
							Dato’ Abdul Rahman is Non-Executive Chairman of the Board of the company. Since 14 July 2015 and is our Non-Executive Chairman. He has over 30 years of experience in the engineering and telecommunications industry and has been instrumental in leading our Group to become an established player in the telecommunications industry. He provides strategic direction and formulates business and corporate policies and strategies for the continual growth of our Group. Dato’ Abdul Rahman started his career as a technical assistant at Telekom Department of Malaysia in 1975. Between 1977 and 1980, Dato’ Abdul Rahman worked for various companies before returning to Telekom Department of Malaysia as an assistant controller in January 1980. From 1983 to 1985, Dato’ Abdul Rahman worked for various companies under Sri Communication Sdn Bhd where he was involved in telecommunications-related projects. In 1986, Dato’ Abdul Rahman joined Sapura Infrastructure Group as a general manager where he was responsible for two companies within the group involved in telecommunications-related projects. In May 1996, Dato’ Abdul Rahman founded CMC Engineering to offer full turnkey engineering services relating to public transportation system, telecommunications network roll-out and oil and gas electrical and automation works.Dato’ Abdul Rahman graduated with a Diploma in Electrical Engineering (Communication) from Universiti Teknologi Malaysia in December 1978 and subsequently obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Electronic and Electrical Engineering in July 1981 from Robert Gordon University (formerly known as Robert Gordon’s Institute of Technology) in Scotland, United Kingdom. He also completed the StanfordNUS Executive Program in February 1988.




							Zimin Qian


					
							Mr. Qian Zimin is Chief Executive Officer of the company. He is the director of Yinda Pte. Ltd., a wholly­owned subsidiary of Shanghai Yinda Science and Technology Industrial Co Ltd ("Shanghai Yinda"). Mr Qian Zhongcheng is also a director and 20% shareholder of Shanghai Yinda. Yinda Pte. Ltd. will be making a mandatory unconditional cash offer for all the ordinary shares in the capital of the Company.




							Phua Cher Phua


					
							Mr. Phua Cher Phua is an Executive Director of the company. Kevin Phua is responsible for the overall management of our Group’s business and corporate development and he works together with our Non-Executive Chairman to formulate the business and corporate policies and strategies of our Group. He started his career in August 1994 as an engineer with National Semiconductor Manufacturing Pte Ltd before he joined Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (formerly known as Siemens Components Pte Ltd) from March 1996 to December 2000 where he was involved in developing software for the testing of microchips as a senior engineer. In January 2001, Kevin Phua joined ST Assembly and Test Services Pte Ltd as an engineering section manager where he was in-charge of testing microchips at its test development centre. He subsequently joined Flextronics International Ltd. in June 2002 as a manager at its test development department where he was a division head and responsible for testing of product designs for Singapore, Malaysia and China. Kevin Phua founded and was the chief executive officer of Nexfrontier Solutions Pte. Ltd. from June 2005 to September 2012. Prior to being appointed as our Executive Director and CEO, Kevin Phua had been an executive director (special function) at TEE International since October 2012 and was involved in the executive and management role in the telecommunication operation, infrastructure, and information technology functions and merger and acquisition projects. He will cease to hold any executive position at TEE International or its group of companies following the listing of our Company on the Catalist. Kevin Phua graduated from Nanyang Technological University with a Bachelor of Engineering degree in May 1994 and from the National University of Singapore with a Master of Science (Electrical Engineering) degree in July 1999.




							Kwee Yee Teo







							Hazwan Alif


					
							Mr. Hazwan Alif has been re-designated as the Non-Executive Director of the company. He primarily oversees the business development and administration functions of our Group. He began his career as an associate with KPMG in London between October 2009 and July 2010 when he was involved in the execution of full audit work on design and effectiveness of internal controls and statutory audit on financial statements. Hazwan Alif joined Ernst and Young, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia between October 2010 and July 2013 as a senior associate where he led audit and non-audit engagement teams serving a portfolio of clients including various banks and finance houses, asset/investment management firms and unit trust funds. In July 2013, he joined CMC Engineering as the head of strategic development and focused on business strategy development and execution, establishment of key collaborations between the company (including our operations) and its various partners. He was also responsible for identifying opportunities for the company’s overseas expansions. He will cease to hold any executive position at CMC Engineering or its group of companies following the listing of our Company on the Catalist. Hazwan Alif graduated from The University of Warwick with a Bachelor of Science with Honours degree in Economics in July 2009. He is an associate with The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, an affiliate of The Institution of Railway Signal Engineers and a committee member of the Board of the Institution of Railway Signal Engineers Malaysian Section Berhad.




							Geok Soon Sim


					
							Mr. Sim Geok Soon is Non-Executive Director of the company. Since 14 July 2015 and is our Non-Executive Director. Sim Geok Soon has more than 30 years of experience in the field of mechanical and electrical engineering. Sim Geok Soon started his career as an electrical technician in Soon Meng Electrical Engineering & Plumbing Contractors between October 1982 and February 1984. In March 1984, Sim Geok Soon joined Link Automation Pte Ltd as an electrical foreman where he was responsible for electrical installation. From April 1985 to May 1986, Sim Geok Soon worked as an assistant project engineer of LK-NES (S.E.A) Pte. Ltd. to handle electrical work for various sewage pumping stations. Between May 1986 and May 1988, Sim Geok Soon was posted to work on the Phase 1A Mass Rapid Transit Project where he was a project engineer in Kandenko Co Ltd. He was subsequently assigned to work on the Phase 2A Mass Rapid Transit Project as a project engineer in Indeco Engineering Pte Ltd between May 1988 and May 1990. In June 1990, Sim Geok Soon joined Lindeteves Jacoberg (F.E) Private Limited as a project engineer before he left as a project manager in April 1996. He was in charge of various water and waste projects in Singapore and Malaysia. In April 1996, he joined Trans Equatorial Engineering Pte Ltd as a project director and later rose to the position of senior project director/executive director before he was promoted to managing director (special projects). He is in charge of mechanical and electrical engineering and special projects in Singapore and overseas, as well as project and construction management in the construction engineering industries. He is also responsible for the business development duties of the company.




							Jakob Hinrichsen


					
							Mr. Jakob Hinrichsen is Non-Executive Independent Director of the company. Since 14 July 2015. He started his career with DSC Communications Dedicom as a project and service manager in July 1994. He then served as the sales manager of TDC from June 1996 to May 1999 before he became the head of networks at Energis Carrier Services in June 1999. In November 2004, Jakob Hinrichsen co-founded Oghma and became its market development, strategy and operations director where he was in charge of the development of business model, market research, and development of growth strategy for Asia. Between October 2005 and June 2007, he served as a general manager of Natrindo Telepon Seluler where he was responsible for strategy development and business planning for the company’s international business. In October 2007, Jakob Hinrichsen joined PT Excelcomindo Pratama (XL) as its vice president of corporate strategy and business development where he was responsible for strategy formation and execution of strategic initiatives. In September 2012, he became a senior vice president of corporate strategy and business transformation at PT XL Axiata where he assisted the company in strategy formation and execution of strategic initiatives. Since October 2004, Jakob Hinrichsen has also been the managing director of T. Hagen Partners Pte. Ltd., an independent consultancy firm specialising in strategy formation, and execution of growth strategies for companies in the internet, communication and technology sectors in Asia. He is a member of the Singapore Institute of Directors. Jakob Hinrichsen graduated with a Master of Science in Engineering degree from Technical University of Denmark in July 1994 and a Masters of Business Administration degree from INSEAD in December 2003.




							Yee Kit Hong


					
							Mr. Yee Kit Hong is Non-Executive Lead Independent Director of the company. Since 14 July 2015. Prior to joining Ernst & Young in July 1982, he worked as a project accountant in Morrison Knudsen Low Keng Huat and as an accountant in Brown & Roots, as well as an audit senior in Wilson Green & Gibbs. He was an assurance and tax manager at Ernst & Young when he left in September 1989. Since October 1989, Yee Kit Hong has been a partner at Kit Yee & Co, a firm providing audit, accountancy and taxation advice or related services. He is a principal partner responsible for providing assurance, advisory, consultancy and taxation services to clients. Yee Kit Hong is a member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and a fellow of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants. He is also admitted as an accredited tax practitioner by the Singapore Institute of Accredited Tax Professionals and a full member of the Singapore Institute of Directors. Yee Kit Hong graduated with a Bachelor of Accountancy degree from University of Singapore in June 1971.




							Alex Siow


					
							Mr. Alex Siow is Non-Executive Independent Director of the company. Since 14 July 2015. He started his career as a structural engineer in June 1981 at the Housing & Development Board, where he was responsible for the design and construction of public housing in Singapore and was promoted to head of the construction technology unit in April 1986 where he was responsible for the introduction of several technologies for improvement of construction productivity. In September 1990, he was promoted to chief information officer responsible for the overall implementation of information technology to facilitate product development and customer service. In March 2003, Alex Siow joined StarHub Ltd as vice president of strategic relations and government affairs in the chief executive officer’s office before he was appointed as head of corporate sales in February 2005 where he was responsible for the sales of all StarHub products to the enterprise sector. In February 2008, he was promoted to head of business excellence and systems technology, responsible for network convergence and the implementation of a new business support system. In March 2011, Alex Siow joined Accenture Pte Ltd as managing director of health and public service in July 2013 where he was responsible for sales origination of system integration and consultancy projects in the healthcare and public sectors. In January 2015, he joined National University of Singapore as a professor in the department of information systems, school of computing. He is also the director of Strategic Technology Management Institute at National University of Singapore. Alex Siow graduated with a Bachelor of Engineering (Civil) degree from Stuttgart Institute of Technology in July 1979 and a Master of Science (Engineering) (Construction Management) degree from the University of Birmingham in December 1986.




							Clifton Yong


					
							Mr. MClifton Yong is Non-Executive Independent Director of the company. Since 14 July 2015. He began his career at the Ministry of Defence from June 1982 to November 1988. From May 1991 to February 2002, Clifton Yong was with Nortel Networks before he left as vice president of submarine cables and global carriers division, responsible for the company’s optical portfolio in the submarine segment and co-leading the global submarine networks initiatives which included manufacturing as well as research and development. He then joined Alcatel Singapore in February 2002 as managing director and left in March 2008 as senior vice president of the Asia Pacific region, responsible for the expansion of the company’s business into enterprises and vertical markets. Subsequently, from March 2008 to July 2011, Clifton Yong was the chief commercial officer and group executive vice president of MediaCorp Pte Ltd, responsible for all commercial functions such as sales, marketing, operations and customer engagement functions. He is currently the executive chairman of Nano Equipment Pte. Ltd., having successfully transformed the company from a technology system integrator to a cloud-based mobile solution provider. Concurrently, he is also the managing director of the Asia Pacific region of Kaltura Inc., a cloud hosting technology provider in Asia Pacific that is based in the United States of America. Clifton Yong graduated from the National University of Singapore with a Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical) degree in July 1991 and obtained a Master of Business Administration (General Management) degree from University of Hull in April 1995. He also completed the general manager program at Harvard Business School in November 2000.











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Abdul Rahman

--




							Zimin Qian

--




							Phua Cher Phua

--




							Kwee Yee Teo

--




							Hazwan Alif

--




							Geok Soon Sim

--




							Jakob Hinrichsen

--




							Yee Kit Hong

--




							Alex Siow

--




							Clifton Yong

--



As Of 






					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Abdul Rahman

0
0




							Zimin Qian

0
0




							Phua Cher Phua

0
0




							Kwee Yee Teo

0
0




							Hazwan Alif

0
0




							Geok Soon Sim

0
0




							Jakob Hinrichsen

0
0




							Yee Kit Hong

0
0




							Alex Siow

0
0




							Clifton Yong

0
0









					Insider Trading




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTelecommunications ServicesIntegrated Telecommunications Services
























About our site CMC Limited Information
























CMC Limited is now Tata Consultancy Services








About Us
CMC is now part of the $100 billion Tata Group, Asia's largest global software services company with over 12,000 employees worldwide. Prior to the merger, Tata Consultancy Services Limited (TCS Ltd) was a strategic partner of CMC and worked to target the global market with additional offerings that leveraged the combined strengths of both companies.


Recent Articles

Information about eBiz Inc.
What was CMC Americas Inc?








				
				©2017 cmcltd.com - CMC Limited :: Privacy Policy :: August 03, 2017
			






CMC (company) - Wikipedia






















 






CMC (company)

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from CMC Limited)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

For other uses, see CMC (disambiguation).

CMC Limited





Type

Subsidiary


Industry
IT services, IT consulting


Founded
26 December 1975


Headquarters
New Delhi, India[1]



Key people

N Chandrasekaran (Chairman)
R.Ramanan (CEO & MD)
JK Gupta (CFO)


Services
IT, business consulting and outsourcing services


Revenue
 ₹25,135 million (US$390 million) (2014-15)



Net income

 ₹2,771 million (US$43 million) (2014-15)
(Profit After Tax)



Number of employees

12,665 (2014-15)[2]


Parent
Tata Consultancy Services


Website
www.cmcltd.com


CMC Limited was an information technology services, consulting and software company having its headquarters in New Delhi, India.[1][4] CMC is part of the TATA Group and is owned by Tata Consultancy Services. CMC was incorporated on 26 December 1975, as the 'Computer Management Corporation Private Limited'.[5] The Government of India held 100 per cent of the equity share capital and owned by government of India. On 19 August 1977, it was converted into a public limited company. In October 2001, CMC was privatized by the Government of India,[6] in a sale to India-based Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), the largest software services company in Asia. It also features on top ten companies in India.[7]
History[edit]
During the year 1978,India, CMC took over the maintenance of IBM installations at over 800 around India and subsequently,[8] maintenance of computers supplied by other foreign players.
CMC anticipated the market demand for IT system improvements in 1980 and directed its efforts to respond to the government's activities and needs for such services. 'Project Interact' (International Education and Research for Applications of Computer Technology), a United Nations project involving design, development and systems-engineering, computer-based systems applications in the areas of power distribution, railway freight operations management and meteorology transitioned the company from a hardware maintenance company to a broad IT solutions provider.[citation needed]
CMC later expanded its services to systems integration, interfacing, installation, commissioning, software development, as well as education and training. CMC's R&D facility was set up in 1982 at Hyderabad.[9] CMC was renamed CMC Limited (Computer Maintenance Corporation) in August 1984.[citation needed]
CMC Limited has the credit of introducing computer applications at a mass scale in the late 80s with its design and deployment of Indian Railways Reservation System IMPRESS (Integrated Multi-train Passenger Reservation System) in New Delhi on 15 October 1985. It went on to become a huge success eventually deployed all over India serving over half a million transactions every single day and cutting wait times for passengers drastically. CMC also followed it up with the design of ARTS (Advanced Railway Ticketing System) for unreserved ticketing.
Following a spurt in the global demand for IT services in the early 1990s, particularly in the United States, CMC decided to expand its operations and market its product and service offerings in these markets. Towards this end, in 1991, CMC acquired Baton Rouge International Inc, USA (it was subsequently renamed CMC Americas, Inc, in 2003), one of the first cross-border acquisitions by an Indian IT firm.
In 1992, the Indian government divested 16.69 per cent of CMC's equity to the General Insurance Corporation of India and its subsidiaries who, in turn, sold part of their stake to the public in 1996. In 1993, CMC's shares were listed on the Hyderabad Stock Exchange and the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE).
To service and develop its clientele in the UK and Europe, CMC opened a branch office in London, in 2000.[10] The next year, the government divested 51 per cent of CMC's equity to Tata Sons Ltd, through a strategic sale, and CMC became a part of the Tata group.
In line with its strategy of offering its products and services globally, in 2003, CMC opened a branch office in Dubai to tap the hitherto unexplored markets of West Asia and Africa.
In 2004, the government divested its remaining 26.5 per cent stake in CMC to the public.[11]
The Board of Directors of CMC decided to merge the Company into its parent company Tata Consultancy Services Limited on 16 - October - 2014. CMC Merged with TCS on 1 October 2015
References[edit]



^ a b "CMC — Contact Us". Cmcltd.com. Retrieved 23 February 2011. 
^ "CMC | About Us | Corporate Profile — Your IT PArtner". Cmcltd.com. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ Latest Stock/Share Market Updates | Corporate News | Announcements | BSE. Bseindia.com. Retrieved on 23 September 2013.
^ "CMC | About Us | Fact File — CMC — An Overview". Cmcltd.com. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ "Tata Group | Our businesses | Tata Companies | CMC". Tata.com. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ "CMC Limited : Who, What, Where, When". Servinghistory.com. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ "The Top Ten Software Companies in India". Chillibreeze.com. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ "CMC | About Us | History — We've Come A Long Way". Cmcltd.com. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ "Initiative 2009 final NEW output.p65" (PDF). Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ "Unshackled, CMC taps Govt market and moves onto global stage". Indianexpress. 24 December 2007. Retrieved 30 August 2010. 
^ [1] Archived 20 July 2010 at the Wayback Machine.



Further reading[edit]

HP withdraws bid for India's CMC World IT Report, 9 Apr 2003
[2][permanent dead link]: CMC in corporate governance top list








v
t
e


Tata Group



Divisions and
subsidiaries



Cromā
The Indian Hotels Company

Gateway
Ginger
Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces
TajAir


Tata Advanced Systems
Tata Business Support Services
Tata Chemicals

British Salt
Tata Chemicals Europe
Tata Chemicals Magadi


Tata Communications

VSNL International Canada


Tata Consultancy Services

CMC
Tata Research Development and Design Centre


Tata Elxsi
Tata Global Beverages

Eight O'Clock Coffee
Good Earth Tea
Tata Coffee
Tetley


Tata Housing Development Company
Tata Interactive Systems
Tata Investment Corp
Tata Motors

Jaguar Land Rover
Tata Daewoo
Tata Hispano


Tata Power

Tata Power Solar
Tata Power SED


Tata Steel

Tata Steel Europe
Tayo Rolls


Tata Technologies
Tata Teleservices
Titan Industries

Tanishq


Trent

Star Bazaar
Westside


Voltas
Tata CLiQ





Joint ventures



AirAsia India (41%)
Tata AIA (74%)
TATA AIG (74%)
Tata McGraw-Hill
Vistara (51%)
Tata Sky (80%)
Tata Starbucks (50%)
Tata DoCoMo (74%)
Virgin Mobile India (74%)
Telcon Construction Solutions (40%)





Shareholdings



Piaggio Aero (33.3%)





People



Jamsetji Tata
Ratanji Dadabhoy
R Gopalakrishnan
Dorabji Tata
Nowroji Saklatwala
J. R. D. Tata
Ratan Tata
Pallonji Mistry
Surya Kant
Cyrus Pallonji Mistry
Jamshed Jiji Irani
Noel Tata
R. K. Krishna Kumar
N Chandrasekaran





Other



Bombay House
Tata Centre
Tata-Dhan Academy
Tata family
Tata Football Academy
Tata Management Training Centre
Tata Sons
TCS Amsterdam Marathon
TCS NYC Marathon






 Category








 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=CMC_(company)&oldid=792780207"					
Categories: Software companies of IndiaInternational information technology consulting firmsTata Consultancy ServicesCompanies based in New DelhiSoftware companies established in 1978Formerly government-owned companies of IndiaIndian companies established in 1978Consulting firms established in 1978Computer companies established in 19781978 establishments in IndiaHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksEngvarB from February 2014Use dmy dates from February 2014Pages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from May 2015All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from December 2016Articles with permanently dead external links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 28 July 2017, at 16:46.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Information on CMC Business Solutions

























CMC Limited is now Tata Consultancy Services








The Former Home of CMC Limited
CMC Ltd. was amalgamated into Tata Consultancy Services on October 1, 2015. CMC is no longer a separate business entity. For information about CMC and their services please visit the TCS website at www.tcs.com
CMC described itself as:

CMC Limited is a leading systems engineering and integration company in India, offering application design, development, testing services and asset-based solutions in niche segments through turnkey projects for mission critical systems. CMC has also been expanding its service presence in international markets offering offshoring advantages and delivering value through service level-based and project scope-based deliveries.
Since its inception on December 26, 1975, CMC has been a front runner in providing IT solutions and services. CMC was the first ever enterprise in India to set up a countrywide data network called INDONET - a computer network providing access to major cities in India, way back in 1985.
A subsidiary of Tata Consultancy Services Limited (TCS Ltd), one of the world's leading information technology consulting, services and business process outsourcing organization, CMC Limited is a part of the US$ 100 billion Tata Group, India's best known business conglomerate.
Over the last three decades, CMC continues to bring the benefits of Information Technology to improve the productivity of its customers globally and enhance the quality of their products and services by combining its wide range of service offerings with its deep vertical experience in multiple industries. CMC’s mission is to deliver turnkey solutions to solve complex business and societal problems using Technology & Innovation.
 
Today, CMC Limited, an ISO 9001:2000, certified and CMMI Level V accredited organization, is positioned as a premier IT solutions provider in the fast growing and competitive IT market. It executes large and complex turnkey projects, and has built, managed and supported it’s customer's IT systems across the value chain of infrastructure, applications and business processes.
 

Prior to merging with TCS, CMC had over 10,000 employees spread across India, USA, UK, and Europe. Their career expertise was in product development, software solutions, infrastructure management, knowledge processing and real time systems. Many of the employees had advanced degrees in fields such as software development, structural engineering and product management from top universities in India such as Andhra University, the University of Delhi, VIT University. The company had 11 development centers across India and the USA.
Global Footprint History Highlights

CMC's wholly owned subsidiary, CMC Americas Inc., was acquired in 1991 and formerly called Baton Rouge International (BRI), before being renamed in 2003. With 9 offices in the USA and servicing customers across the country, it drives CMC's thrust towards globalization and business development in the USA is the largest contributor to CMC’s international business.
CMC Informatics UK is the branch office of CMC Limited in the United Kingdom and covers the territories of the UK, Ireland and Europe.  CMC's niche products, IT consultancy and business outsourcing services are some major offerings in this region.
CMC Dubai is the branch office of CMC in West Asia and serves as a front end to CMC's thrust towards globalization, especially in terms of business development in the Middle East and ICT led growth in Africa.
CMC’s presence in Australia, New Zealand aims to bring the benefits of its value added services to the APAC region and also leverage the innovative local industries towards unique partnerships that make them accessible globally. 

 


Recent Articles

Information about eBiz Inc.
What was CMC Americas Inc?








				
				©2017 cmcltd.com - CMC Limited :: Privacy Policy :: August 03, 2017
			





Phua Cher Chuan, Cmc Infocomm Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  


























Feedback





Phua "Kevin" Cher Chuan

Executive Director,
Cmc Infocomm Ltd






Career History




Executive Director
Cmc Infocomm Ltd, 5/2017-PRESENT


Founder
Nexfrontier Solutions Pte Ltd, 9/2012-PRESENT


CEO/Executive Director
Cmc Infocomm Ltd, 3/2015-5/2017


CEO/Founder
Nexfrontier Solutions Pte Ltd, 6/2005-9/2012


Section Manager:IC Test Development
Stats Chippac Ltd, 1/2001-7/2002


Dir:System Integration
Tee Intl Ltd, 10/2012-UNKNOWN


Head:Product Design
Flextronics Intl Ltd, 6/2002-UNKNOWN


Show More









Website:
www.cmcinfocomm.com






Corporate Information
Address:

82 Genting Lane, #03-02
Media Centre
Singapore


Phone:
65-6654-1200


Fax:
65-6747-8631


Web url:
www.cmcinfocomm.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



National University of Singapore
Master's Degree, Electrical Engineering, 7/1999


Nanyang Technological University
Bachelor's Degree, Engineering, 5/1994








Memberships



Board Memberships




Security Pro-Telco Pte Ltd


Board Member, PRESENT




Cmc Infocomm Ltd


Board Member, 3/2015-PRESENT




Nexfrontier Solutions Pte Ltd


Board Member, 6/2005-PRESENT




Tee Intl Ltd


Board Member, 10/2012-UNKNOWN



Show More








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data
































CMC Taiwan


In the initial stage of CMC establishment, we have emphasized on developing leading electronic components and products, such as hand-held games, and pen watches.  Nowadays, CMC not only represents as the International Procurement Office (IPO) for many well known companies worldwide, more importantly, we provide the turn key solution to customers on OEM/ODM basis. Since we have long history in the field of Information Technology, and, for strategic reasons, we have invested in many related factories both in Taiwan and China. Thus, we are able to offer you the most competitive prices, and at the sametime, without compromise with the excellent quality, delivery, and flexibility. The product lines CMC carries, including but not limited to, LCD/Touch Panel, LED display, Bare PC Board, FPC, HDI Board, Component Parts, and finished products/systems. Furthermore, CMC is equipped with a product design team who will comply with customer’s special demand for niche market. This website provides the access to the angle of our main product lines.  It is the explicit intention to express our strong desire and great dedication to look for the best long term partnerships worldwide. We sincerely hope that this will serve you as a useful handbook; you are warmly invited to check on us anytime, and find how reliable we are.











| CMC Infocomm

























Jump to navigation







Search form










About Us
Capabilities
Differentiation
Focus
Career
Investor Relations
Newsroom
Contact us










 





About CMC Infocomm 




Mission and Vision
Group Structure
Board of Directors
Key Executives







 
Dato’ Abdul RahmanNon-Executive Chairman Open or Close

 Dato’ Abdul Rahman was appointed to our Board on 14 July 2015 and is our Non-Executive Chairman. He has over 30 years of experience in the engineering and telecommunications industry and has been instrumental in leading our Group to become an established player in the telecommunications industry. He provides strategic direction and formulates business and corporate policies and strategies for the continual growth of our Group. Dato’ Abdul Rahman started his career as a technical assistant at Telekom Department of Malaysia in 1975. Between 1977 and 1980, Dato’ Abdul Rahman worked for various companies before returning to Telekom Department of Malaysia as an assistant controller in January 1980. From 1983 to 1985, Dato’ Abdul Rahman worked for various companies under Sri Communication Sdn Bhd where he was involved in telecommunications-related projects. In 1986, Dato’ Abdul Rahman joined Sapura Infrastructure Group as a general manager where he was responsible for two companies within the group involved in telecommunications-related projects. In May 1996, Dato’ Abdul Rahman founded CMC Engineering to offer full turnkey engineering services relating to public transportation system, telecommunication network roll-out and oil and gas electrical and automation works.
Dato’ Abdul Rahman graduated with a Diploma in Electrical Engineering (Communication) from Universiti Technologi Malaysia in December 1978 and subsequently obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Electronic and Electrical Engineering in July 1981 from Robert Gordon University (formerly known as Robert Gordon’s Institute of Technology) in Scotland, United Kingdom. He also completed the Stanford-NUS Executive Program in February 1988.
Dato’ Abdul Rahman is a Chartered Engineer and a fellow of the Institution of Engineering and Technology, a fellow of the Institution of Railway Signal Engineers, a Chartered Engineer of the Engineering Council UK, a member of Malaysian Institute of Management, a chartered member of Malaysian Institute of Directors and a Senior Fellow of the Institute of Business Executive Malaysia.
  


Yee Kit HongLead Independent Director  Open or Close

 Yee Kit Hong is our Lead Independent Director and has been our Director since 14 July 2015. Prior to joining Ernst & Young in July 1982, he worked as an accountant in Morrison Knudsen Low Keng Huat and Brown & Roots, as well as an audit senior in Wilson Green & Gibbs. He was an assurance and tax manager at Ernst & Young when he left in September 1989. Since October 1989, Yee Kit Hong has been a partner at Kit Yee & Co, a firm providing audit, accountancy and taxation advice or related services. He is a principal partner responsible for providing assurance, advisory, consultancy and taxation services to clients. Yee Kit Hong is a member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and a fellow of the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants. He is also admitted as an accredited tax practitioner by the Singapore Institute of Accredited Tax Professionals and a full member of the Singapore Institute of Directors.
Yee Kit Hong holds a Bachelor of Accountancy degree from University of Singapore.
  


Alex SiowIndependent Director  Open or Close

 Alex Siow is our Independent Director and has been our Director since 14 July 2015. He started his career as a structural engineer in June 1981 at the Housing & Development Board, where he was responsible for the design and construction of public housing in Singapore and was promoted to head of the construction technology unit in April 1986 where he was responsible for the introduction of several technologies for improvement of construction productivity. In September 1990, he was promoted to chief information officer responsible for the overall implementation of information technology to facilitate product development and customer service. In March 2003, Alex Siow joined StarHub Ltd as vice president of strategic relations and government affairs in the chief executive officer’s office before he was appointed as head of corporate sales in February 2005 where he was responsible for the sales of all StarHub products to the enterprise sector. In February 2008, he was promoted to head of business excellence and systems technology, responsible for network convergence and the implementation of a new business support system. In March 2011, Alex Siow was promoted to head of enterprise risk management and business excellence, responsible for drawing a risk management framework, identifying risks, risk mitigation, and risk policy and process audits. Alex Siow joined Accenture Pte Ltd as managing director of health and public service in July 2013 where he was responsible for sales origination of system integration and consultancy projects in the healthcare and public sectors. In January 2015, he joined National University of Singapore as a professor in the department of information systems, school of computing. He is also the director of Strategic Technology Management Institute at National University of Singapore.
Alex Siow graduated with a Bachelor of Engineering (Civil) degree from Stuttgart Institute of Technology in July 1979 and a Master of Science (Engineering) (Construction Management) degree from the University of Birmingham in December 1986.
  


Clifton YongIndependent Director Open or Close

 Clifton Yong is our Independent Director and has been our Director since 14 July 2015. He began his career at the Ministry of Defence from June 1982 to November 1988. From May 1991 to February 2002, Clifton Yong was with Nortel Networks before he left as vice president of submarine cables and global carriers division, responsible for the company’s optical portfolio in the submarine segment and co-led the global submarine networks initiatives which included manufacturing as well as research and development. He then joined Alcatel Singapore in February 2002 as the managing director and left in March 2008 as senior vice president of the Asia Pacific region, responsible for the expansion of the company’s business into enterprises and vertical markets. Subsequently, from March 2008 to July 2011, Clifton Yong was the chief commercial officer and group executive vice president of MediaCorp Pte Ltd, responsible for all commercial functions such as sales, marketing, operations and customer engagement functions. He is currently the executive chairman of Nano Equipment Pte. Ltd., having successfully transformed the company from a technology system integrator to a cloud-based mobile solution provider. Concurrently, he is also the managing director of the Asia Pacific region of Kaltura Inc., a cloud hosting technology provider in Asia Pacific that is based in the United States of America.
Clifton Yong graduated from the National University of Singapore with a Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical) degree in July 1991 and obtained a Master of Business Administration (General Management) degree from University of Hull in April 1995. He also completed the general manager program at Harvard Business School in November 2000. 
  


Jakob HinrichsenIndependent Director Open or Close

 Jakob Hinrichsen is our Independent Director and has been our Director since 14 July 2015. He started his career with DSC Communications Dedicom as a project and service manager in July 1994. He then served as the sales manager of TDC from June 1996 to May 1999 before he became the head of networks at Energis Carrier Services in June 1999. In November 2004, Jakob Hinrichsen co-founded Oghma and became its market development, strategy and operations director where he was in charge of the development of business model, market research, and development of growth strategy for Asia. Between October 2005 and June 2007, he served as a general manager of Natrindo Telepon Seluler where he was responsible for strategy development and business planning for the company’s international business. In October 2007, Jakob Hinrichsen joined PT Excelcomindo Pratama (XL) as its vice president of corporate strategy and business development where he was responsible for strategy formation and execution of strategic initiatives. In September 2012, he became a senior vice president of corporate strategy and business transformation at PT XL Axiata where he assisted the company in strategy formation and execution of strategic initiatives. Since October 2004, Jakob Hinrichsen has also been the managing director of T.Hagen Partners Pte. Ltd., an independent consultancy firm specialising in strategy formation, and execution of growth strategies for companies in the internet, communication and technology sectors in Asia. He is a member of the Singapore Institute of Directors.
Jakob Hinrichsen graduated with a Master of Science in Engineering degree from Technical University of Denmark in July 1994 and a Masters of Business Administration degree from INSEAD in December 2003.
  


Kevin PhuaExecutive Director / CEO Open or Close

 Kevin Phua was appointed to our Board on 16 March 2015 and is our Executive Director and CEO. Kevin Phua is responsible for the overall management of the Group’s business and corporate development and he works together with our Non-Executive Chairman to formulate business and corporate policies and strategies of our Group.
He started his career in August 1994 as an engineer with National Semiconductor Manufacturing Pte Ltd before he joined Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (formerly known as Siemens Components Pte Ltd) as a senior engineer from March 1996 to December 2000 where he was involved in developing software for the testing of microchips. In January 2001, Kevin Phua joined ST Assembly and Test Services Pte Ltd as an engineering section manager where he was in-charge of testing microchips at its test development centre. He subsequently joined Flextronics International Ltd. in June 2002 as a manager at its test development department where he was a division head and responsible for testing of product designs for Singapore, Malaysia and China. Kevin Phua founded and was the chief executive officer of Nexfrontier Solutions Pte. Ltd. from June 2005 to September 2012. Prior to being appointed as our Executive Director and CEO, Kevin Phua was an executive director (special function) at TEE International since October 2012 and was involved in the executive and management role in the telecommunication operation, infrastructure, and information technology functions and merger and acquisition projects. He will cease to hold any executive position at TEE International or its group of companies following the listing of our Company on the Catalist.
Kevin Phua graduated from the National University of Singapore with a Master of Science (Electrical Engineering) degree in July 1999 and from Nanyang Technological University with a Bachelor of Engineering degree in May 1994.
  


Hazwan AlifNon-Executive Director Open or Close

 Hazwan Alif was appointed to our Board on 16 March 2015 and and served as our Executive Director from March 2015 to October 2016, where he primarily oversees the business development and administration functions of our Group. He was re-designated to the role of a Non-Executive Director in November 2016. He began his career as an associate with KPMG in London between October 2009 and July 2010 when he was involved in the execution of full audit work on design and effectiveness of internal controls and statutory audit on financial statements. Hazwan Alif joined Ernst and Young, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia between October 2010 and July 2013 as a senior associate where he led audit and non-audit engagement teams serving a portfolio of clients including various banks and finance houses, asset/ investment management firms and unit trust funds. In July 2013, he joined CMC Engineering as the head of strategic development and focused on business strategy development and execution, establishment of key collaborations between the company (including our operations) and its various partners. He was also responsible for identifying opportunities for the company’s overseas expansions. He will cease to hold any executive position at CMC Engineering or its group of companies following the listing of our Company on the Catalist.
Hazwan Alif graduated from The University of Warwick with a Bachelor of Science with Honours degree in Economics in July 2009. He is an associate with The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, an affiliate of The Institution of Railway Signal Engineers and a committee member of the Board of the Institution of Railway Signal Engineers Malaysian Section Berhad.
  


Sim Geok SoonNon-Executive Director Open or Close

 Sim Geok Soon was appointed to our Board on 14 July 2015 and is our Non-Executive Director. Sim Geok Soon has more than 30 years of experience in the field of mechanical and electrical engineering. Sim Geok Soon started his career as an electrical technician in Soon Meng Electrical Engineering & Plumbing Contractors between October 1982 and February 1984. In March 1984, Sim Geok Soon joined Link Automation Pte Ltd as an electrical foreman where he was responsible for electrical installation. From April 1985 to May 1986, Sim Geok Soon worked as an assistant project engineer of LK-NES (S.E.A) Pte. Ltd. to handle electrical work for various sewage pumping stations. Between May 1986 and May 1988, Sim Geok Soon was posted to work on the Phase 1A Mass Rapid Transit Project where he was a project engineer in Kandenko Co Ltd. He was subsequently assigned to work on the Phase 2A Mass Rapid Transit Project as a project engineer in Indeco Engineering Pte Ltd between May 1988 and May 1990. In June 1990, Sim Geok Soon joined Lindeteves Jacoberg (F.E) Private Limited as a project engineer before he left as a project manager in April 1996. He was in charge of various water and waste projects in Singapore and Malaysia. In April 1996, he joined Trans Equatorial Engineering Pte Ltd as a project director and later rose to the position of senior project director/executive director before he was promoted to the managing director (special projects). He is in charge of mechanical and electrical engineering and special projects in Singapore and overseas, as well as project and construction management in the construction engineering industries. He is also responsible for the business development duties of the company.
Sim Geok Soon received a National Trade Certificate (Grade Three) in electrical fitting and installation (industrial) and a National Trade Certificate (Grade Three) in electrical fitting and installation (domestic) in August 1979, both issued by the Vocational and Industrial Training Board Singapore. He obtained an Industrial Technician Certificate in Electrical Engineering in October 1981 from the Vocational and Industrial Training Board Singapore and a Certificate in Management in November 1994 from Singapore Institute of Management.
  

 

 









