Crystal Clock Oscillator


Home » Products » Clock Oscillators

Clock OscillatorsShare      
 START 'CLOCK OSCILLATOR' PRODUCT SEARCH
A crystal clock oscillator (sometimes referred to as a 'Standard Packaged Crystal Oscillator' or SPXO) is a 'plug and play' quartz crystal. It combines a quartz crystal resonator with an oscillator circuit in a single package to provide a fully functioning stand-alone oscillator circuit. They are used in many telecom, military, industrial and consumer applications. IQD’s comprehensive range of crystal clock oscillators are available in a range of voltages down to 1.8V and in a variety of package sizes including both miniature surface mount (SMD) and thru-hole packages. Our low power oscillators are particularly suitable for use in handheld battery operated products. We also offer low jitter and low phase noise models and many alternative outputs including CMOS, HCMOS, ACMOS, LVPECL, LVDS and TTL. In addition, our range of factory programmable oscillators allow for very short lead times down to 3 days for custom frequencies and are available in a variety of packages sizes and specifications.
IQD's range of automotive clock oscillators are suitable for most automotive applications and are available to AEC-Q200 and TS16949 are available with PPAP levels 1 to 5. Typical applications for IQD's automotive oscillators include ABS and Airbag sensors, Engine Control Units (ECU), High speed automotive networks and Tyre Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) receivers.
As a previous division of Rakon, IQD maintains a close partnership as a worldwide channel partner supplying Rakon’s wide range of high performance and high reliability Crystal Oscillators(XOs). The high performance range of XOs feature low jitter, low phase noise, and selectable output frequency options; these features make them ideal for applications in Global Positioning and Telecommunications markets. The high reliability XO ranges are resistant to shock and vibration in harsh environments and the specification profile makes it a great solution for Space and Defence applications.
Our technical information pages includes a range of application notes for clock oscillators including 'Frequency Control for Telecommunications', 'Jitter and Phase Noise' and 'Pluto™ Temperature Compensation'.
Our oscillator datasheets are available from the Clock Oscillator parametric search page.
Within our parametric search table you have the option to view/filter our stock oscillators. In order to view stock for specific part number you need create an account/sign in.


Quartz CrystalsClock OscillatorsVCXOsTCXOs & VCTCXOsOCXOsGPS Disciplined OCXOsRubidium OscillatorsConnect with us     




Create an account with IQD Frequency Products
 View live stock levels    Bookmark spec sheets    Quick access to recently viewed items
Sign In if you already have an account with us




 Start Live Chat



Products - TAITIEN ELECTRONICS CO.,LTD





























































 

























Search



Contact Us: sales@taitien.com.tw
 


 
 
 
 















 
 








Products


Home > Products
















Crystal Unit


High Frequency Crystal




Tuning Fork Crystal




MHz Range Crystal 




High Precision Crystal 




 
 







Crystal Oscillator


Ultra Low
Noise Series




Extended Operating
Temp Series




Enhanced Stability
Series




FASTXO, Fast Delivery
Crystal Oscillator Series




kHz Range
Crystal Oscillator




MHz Range
Crystal Oscillators



 
 







VCXO


Ultra Low
Phase Noise VCXO Series




Standard VCXO
Series



 
 







TCXO


High Precision
TCXO Series




Standard TCXO
Series



 
 







OCXO


Timing 
Module




Double Oven
OCXO Series




Ultra Low Phase Noise
OCXO Series




Fast Delivery
OCXO Series




Standard OCXO
Series



 
 







QCM


QCM_5MHz Series




QCM_6MHz Series



 
 







Equipment


QWA-5A



 
 



















Taitien ELECTRONICS Over the past 40 years, Taitien's products have become established as a recognized international brand for frequency control solutions. Taitien has established an extensive sales network across the globe providing sales and technical support to our customers. Please "Contact us" for more information. 
 

About TaitienCompany Overview
History and Honors
Executive Team
Conflict Minerals Policy

EICC Commitment


 

CareerCareer
Social Networks 



 

Subsidiary 



Newsletter 




 
 























































