

Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports





Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
E79C37BE74AB1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 EMPRESA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES S.A. - OVERVIEW

1.1 Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Business Description
1.2 Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Milestones and History

2 EMPRESA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES S.A. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 EMPRESA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES S.A. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 EMPRESA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES S.A. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 EMPRESA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES S.A. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Strengths
5.2 Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Weaknesses
5.3 Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Opportunities
5.4 Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Threats

6 EMPRESA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES S.A. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 EMPRESA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES S.A. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 EMPRESA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES S.A. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Key Facts 
Table 2: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Milestones and History 
Table 4: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Key Executives 
Table 5: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Products and Services
Table 8: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Profitability 
Table 10: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Company Profile- Outlook, Business Segments, Competitors, Goods and Services, SWOT and Financial Analysis
US$ 200.00
Nov, 2016 · 30 pages


Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. Fundamental Company Report Including Financial, SWOT, Competitors and Industry Analysis
US$ 499.00
Aug, 2017 · 50 pages


Empresas Publicas De Medellin E.S.P. - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
Oct, 2016 · 20 pages


Empresa Nacional de Electricidad S.A. - Strategy and SWOT Report
US$ 175.00
Dec, 2015 · 34 pages


ENTEL - Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones in Consumer Electronics (Chile)
US$ 150.00
Oct, 2014 · 2 pages








Ask Your Question
Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:































 



  ENTEL:Sant. Comerc Stock Quote - Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones SA - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones SA   ENTEL:CI   Sant. Comerc        7,149.00CLP   39.20   0.55%     As of 10:19 AM EDT 8/3/2017     Open   7,216.00    Day Range   7,115.00 - 7,216.00    Volume   55,928    Previous Close   7,188.20    52Wk Range   6,209.94 - 8,381.92    1 Yr Return   13.37%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   7,216.00    Day Range   7,115.00 - 7,216.00    Volume   55,928    Previous Close   7,188.20    52Wk Range   6,209.94 - 8,381.92    1 Yr Return   13.37%    YTD Return   0.59%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   81.24    Earnings per Share (CLP) (TTM)   88.48    Market Cap (t CLP)   2.171    Shares Outstanding  (m)   302.017    Price/Sales (TTM)   1.08    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   0.94%        Sector Telecommunication Services   % Price Change -0.01%     Industry Telecommunication Services   % Price Change -0.01%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones SA offers telecommunications services to corporate clients in Chile.  The Company provides domestic and international calling, Internet access, calling cards, and technical assistance. Through its subsidiaries Entel also markets multimedia products, including cellular telephones.    Address  Avda Andres Bello 2687 Piso 14Casilla 4254Santiago 720Chile   Phone  56-2-360-0123   Website   www.entelchile.net/entelcorp/     Executives Board Members    Juan Jose Hurtado Vicuna  Chairman    Luis Felipe Gazitua Achondo  Vice Chairman    Antonio Buchi Buc  Chief Executive Officer    Felipe Ureta Prieto  Chief Financial Officer    Mario Nunez Popper  VP:Companies     Show More         

Communication Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports








Communication Services Company Research Reports


Communication Services Companies deliver communication services over a network infrastructure. The businesses and occupations these organizations (both open-end companies and private firms) are engaged in include, among others, telecommunications (landline and cellular), the Net, cable, satellite-aided, or managed services. Communication Services Companies’ categories are diverse: telecom carriers, content deliverers, applications service providers (ASP), satellite operators, cable and cloud-based services providers, etc.
To stay competitive, companies in the marketplace have to ceaselessly stick to enhancing OP (operational excellence), besides maximizing their profit and cash flows. ATT, France Telecom (FTE) and Verizon fall within those Communication Services Companies that set the scene.
The research reports in this Catalogue discuss various Communication Services Companies, covering their operations, structure, products/services, prospects, locations and performance divisions, major executives, as well as competitors. Besides, SWOT information and the most prominent developments having lately affected the businesses are limelighted in the research reports. Keen insights into the companies’ revenue, growth trends, profitability measures, liquidity and financial leverage policies, efficiency and cost ratios, and far more are offered in the research reports as well.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Communication Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Omi Advisories
                        Ovum
                        Renub Research
                    



                            Found
                                 1091 publications                    



Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:





















Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A.: Annual Update - Credit Opinion - 2017/07/28 - Moody's Global Credit Researchdistiller CREDIT RATINGSMARKET RESEARCHCOMPANY REPORTSCOUNTRY PROFILESM&A INFOBROWSE
                | 
                | login

Home
                              
                            Credit Ratings and Research
                      
                    Moody's Global Credit Research  EMPRESA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES S.A.Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A.: Annual UpdateEmpresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A.: Annual UpdatePublished Jul 28, 20178  pages (4294  words) —
            
                Published Jul 28, 2017Price US$ 250.00  |  Buy this Report NowAbout This Report  Brief Excerpt:...ENTEL S.A.'s global and national scale corporate family ratings of Ba3/Aaa.bo consider the company's operating strength among peers and strong liquidity. ENTEL S.A.'s ratings are furthermore supported by its leading market position in the mobile business and steady cash generation. Despite operating in a capital intensive industry, ENTEL S.A. has only minimal debt-like obligations while maintaining sufficient cash on hand. ENTEL S.A.'s rating is constrained by its modest scale when compared to global peers, a product portfolio largely limited to the prepaid mobile business, and revenue growth pressured by Bolivia's highly competitive operating environment as well as macroeconomic limitations. Through at least 2018, ENTEL S.A. will continue to carry out significant capital investments which will generate sustained negative free cash flow....     Report Type:Credit OpinionCompany:EMPRESA NACIONAL DE TELECOMUNICACIONES S.A.IssuerEmpresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A.Format:PDF Enter the keyword(s) you would like to search for within this report:Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A.: Update Following Change in Outlook - Credit Opinion – 2016/07/05 – US$ 250.00 – ...ENTEL S.A.'s global and national scale corporate family ratings of Ba3/Aaa.bo consider the company's operating strength among peers and strong liquidity. ENTEL S.A.'s ratings are furthermore supported by its leading market position in the mobile business and steady cash generation. Despite operating in a capital intensive industry, ENTEL S.A. has only minimal debt-like obligations while maintaining sufficient cash on hand. ENTEL S.A.'s rating is restrained by its modest scale when compared to global peers, a product portfolio largely limited to the prepaid mobile business, and revenue growth pressured by Bolivia's highly competitive operating environment as well as macroeconomic limitations. Through at least 2017, ENTEL S.A. will continue to carry out significant capital investments which will generate sustained negative free cash flow....   Moody´s changes ENTEL S.A.'s outlook to negative; affirms Ba3 / Aaa.bo ratings - Rating Action – 2016/06/28 – US$ 180.00 – Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. ("MJKK") is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody's Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody's... Moody´s cambia la perspectiva de ENTEL S.A. a negativa; afirma las calificaciones de Ba3/ Aaa.bo - Rating Action – 2016/06/28 – US$ 180.00 – ...Global Credit Research - 28 Jun 2016 Buenos Aires City, June 28, 2016 -- Moody¦s Latin America Agente de Calificaci=n de Riesgo SA, ("Moody¦s"), hoy, cambi= la perspectiva de Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. (ENTEL S.A.) a negativa, de estable y afirm= las calificaciones de familia corporativa en escala global y escala nacional de Ba3 y Aaa.bo, respectivamente. La acci=n de calificaci=n surge de la decisi=n de Moody's Investors Service del 10 de junio de cambiar la perspectiva de la calificaci=n de bonos del Estado de Bolivia de Ba3 a negativa, de estable (consulte el comunicado de prensa titulado "Moody's changes outlook on Bolivia's Ba3 government bond ratings to negative"). FUNDAMENTO DE LAS CALIFICACIONES La perspectiva negativa de las calificaciones de ENTEL S.A. refleja la perspectiva de las calificaciones del Estado de Bolivia (Ba3 negativa), que es propietario de 97.5% de las acciones de ENTEL S.A. a travTs del Ministerio de Obras P·blicas, Servicios y Vivienda. El cambio...   Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A. - Credit Opinion – 2015/07/03 – US$ 250.00 – ...Category Moody's Rating Outlook Stable Corporate Family Rating Ba3 NSR Corporate Family Rating Aaa.bo...   Moody's assigns Ba3/Aaa.bo rating to ENTEL S.A.; stable outlook - Rating Action – 2014/07/03 – US$ 180.00 – publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading "Investor Relations -- Corporate Governance -- Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy." For Australia... More from Moody's Global Credit ResearchMoody's Global Credit Research—Moody's Investors Service, a leading global credit rating, research and risk analysis firm, publishes credit opinions, research, and ratings on fixed-income securities, issuers of securities and other credit obligations. Credit ratings and research help investors analyze the credit risks associated with fixed-income securities. Ratings also create efficiencies in fixed-income markets and similar obligations, such as insurance and derivatives, by providing reliable, credible, and independent assessments of credit risk. For issuers, Moody's services increase market liquidity and may reduce transaction costs.About the AuthorCite this Report  MLA:Moody's Global Credit Research. "Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A.: Annual Update" Jul 28, 2017. Alacra Store. Aug 03, 2017. <http://www.alacrastore.com/moodys-credit-research/Empresa-Nacional-de-Telecomunicaciones-S-A-Annual-Update-PBC_1077820>  APA:Moody's Global Credit Research. (). Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones S.A.: Annual Update Jul 28, 2017. New York, NY: Alacra Store. Retrieved Aug 03, 2017 from <http://www.alacrastore.com/moodys-credit-research/Empresa-Nacional-de-Telecomunicaciones-S-A-Annual-Update-PBC_1077820>  US$ 250.00$  £  €Following terms and conditions apply: All charges are made in USD.  Actual charge to your credit card may deviate due to the currency exchange and Bank fees from your financial institution as some banks and credit cards impose fees for international transactions outside the United States.  If you have any questions about these fees or the exchange rate applied to your booking, please contact your bank.CloseHave a Question?Any questions about the report you're considering?
        Our Customer Service Team can help!  Or visit our FAQs.Example ReportClick to View Sample ReportMore ResearchSearch all our
        Credit Research
        from one place. 
		

about uscontact usprivacyterms & conditions
                    Copyright ©  Alacra, Inc., 100 Broadway, Suite 1100, New York, NY 10005. All rights reserved.
                    Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission is prohibited.
                OPNSC | ENTEL Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones SA








































Partners | Oracle







Oracle

Country
Country
Communities
I am a...
I want to...


Welcome
Account
Sign Out
Sign In/Register
Help














Products




Solutions




Downloads




Store




Support




Training




Partners




About




OTN









 Back
                  ENTEL Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones SA
                
                   Avenida Andres Bello 2687,
                  piso 14, Las Condes
                  
                   Santiago,
                   Santiago
                      
                           14
                      

                              Chile  
 
              |Map It
                            No contact number available.
                            |Have ENTEL Empresa Nacional de Telecomunicaciones SA Call You| www.entel.cl
OverviewProduct Resale RightsOverview
Detailed Description
Company Overview Here
                     DetailsPartner Membership Level
                          Gold
                       Partner Membership Location
                       Chile
                    Main Office Location (HQ)
                      Select Country
                    Public or Private CompanyPrivate Number of Employees< 100Product Resale RightsIn order to distribute Oracle products and Oracle Premier Support, OPN members must execute a Full Use Distribution Agreement and, for non-database and middleware products, meet the requirements posted on the Knowledge Zone  for the products they wish to resell. If no products or requirements are listed in the Knowledge Zone, then those products are not eligible for resale.DatabaseDatabaseData WarehousingEnterprise ManagerMySQLOracle 1-Click Technology for Midsize CompaniesOracle DatabaseHardwareHardwareSPARC Enterprise Entry-Level and Midrange M-Series ServersSPARC Enterprise High-End M-Series ServersSPARC M-Series ServersSPARC T-Series ServersMiddlewareMiddlewareApplication GridData IntegrationDeveloper ToolsIT ArchitectureIdentity ManagementOracle Application Integration ArchitectureOracle Business Intelligence FoundationOracle Endeca Information DiscoveryOracle Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA)Oracle Unified Business Process ManagementOracle WebCenter ContentOracle WebCenter PortalOracle WebCenter SitesWebLogic Server










More Information

Contact Help
FAQ
Partner Resources

Manage Profile



The partners listed in the Oracle PartnerNetwork (OPN) Solutions Catalog are part of the Oracle PartnerNetwork Program, however Oracle does not endorse any of the partners or their software, solutions, services or training listed on this site. Oracle disclaims any and all liability arising out of your use of the Oracle PartnerNetwork Solutions Catalog, including use of partners, software, solutions, services and training listed on the site.






 



Oracle Cloud
Learn About Oracle Cloud Computing
Get a Free Trial
Learn About DaaS
Learn About SaaS
Learn About PaaS
Learn About IaaS
Learn About Private Cloud
Learn About Managed Cloud




Java
Learn About Java
Download Java for Consumers
Download Java for Developers
Java Resources for Developers
Java Cloud Service
Java Magazine




Customers and Events
Explore and Read Customer Stories
All Oracle Events
Oracle OpenWorld
JavaOne



E-mail Subscriptions
Subscribe to Oracle Communications
Subscription Center




Communities
Blogs
Discussion Forums
Wikis
Oracle ACEs
User Groups
Social Media Channels




Services and Store
Log In to My Oracle Support
Training and Certification
Become a Partner
Find a Partner Solution
Purchase from the Oracle Store


Contact and Chat
Sales: +1.800.633.0738 
Global Contacts
Oracle Support
Partner Support





 






Integrated Cloud Applications and Platform Services

Subscribe
Careers
Contact Us
Site Maps
Legal Notices
Terms of Use
Privacy



Oracle Mobile


Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google+
YouTube
Oracle RSS Feed




  
















Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa - Supplier | Peru | Import Genius
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa

Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa is an overseas supplier in China that exports products to Americatel Peru Sa via Clscl.        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 SHOUGUANG FUSHI WOOD CO LTD                            

 INVERSIONES MAMBO S.A.C.                            

 CREACIONES CARTHER S.A.C.                            

 VELAN INC                            

 UNIVERSIDAD DE LIMA                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa
Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa is an overseas supplier in China that exports products to Americatel Peru Sa via Clscl.


            Bill of Lading        





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa


Americatel Peru Sa




Acquisition
Embarkation



Chile


Clscl



Product Description





                                        TELEFONOS,SHARFSTEIN,AT - 60                                    

                                        TELEFONOS,SHARFSTEIN,AT - 60                                    





Other Information Available




HS Code Description, FOB (USD), Freight (USD), Insurance (USD), Package Type, Net Weight








Arrival Date2009-05-06HS Code8517180000CustomsAEREA DEL CALLAOQuantity / Unit1000.00/UNIDADES 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









Empresa Nacional De Telecomunicaciones Sa
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 38,562,916 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Galdevi S.a.c.                                



                                    Bdv Behrens Gmbh Sophienterrasse 21 20149 Hamburg                                



                                    Antraco Chemie-handelsges                                



                                    Ropim S A S                                



                                    Nuxen Srl                                











                     
                                            38,562,916  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.3184
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















