





遠傳電信 FETnet - 遠傳供應商入口網站












































                  請使用遠傳供應商入口網站帳號 / 密碼登入，若您尚未申請帳號，請至新廠商申請辦法申請網站註冊。  若您收到遠傳供應商的註冊邀請通知，欲進行註冊首次登入請點選右方連結。註冊邀請登入  若您忘記系統登入密碼，請點選右方連結以申請新密碼。忘記密碼？





使用者帳號


 


組織帳號


 


密 碼

登入
 




驗證碼



看不清?換一張










招標公告








公告主旨
公告日期
聯絡人
分機號碼
















遠傳電信版權所有 Copyright ©2010 Far Eastone Telecommunications Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.









Far EasTone Telecommunications Co., Ltd. - AmCham Taipei

































































 
 






You are here: Home / Directory / Far EasTone Telecommunications Co., Ltd.



‹ Back to Directory Far EasTone Telecommunications Co., Ltd.			 Industries:  Telecom Services & Equipment Far EasTone Telecommunications Co., Ltd.遠傳電信股份有限公司Address:12F, 468 RuiGuang Rd., Neihu District, Taipei City, Taiwan, 11492台北市內湖區瑞光路468號12樓Tel: 7723-5000Fax: 7723-5098Website: www.fetnet.netCompany Descrption:Far EasTone Telecommunications (FET) is a leading company in Taiwan which provides telecommunications, ICT and digital application services. FET firmly adheres to the core values of Trustworthy, Proactive, Innovative, Accountable, Collaborative. Since its inception in 1997, “Closing the Distance” has always been the brand spirit of FET, and the company continues to innovate and develop in the hopes for “Transformation, Innovation and Wow.”
FET has continued to introduce new products and services including 2G, 3G, 4G, and Wi-Fi. In 2016, FET further launched 4.5G mobile internet service, becoming the first telecom operator in Asia to offer triple bandwidth of 700/1800/2600 MHz. In addition, FET is also paving the way to 5G technology, pushing forward for another new record in mobile internet speed. Along with mobile access service, FET also deploys various IoT applications so as to get ready for the roll-out of 5G.
In response to enterprise customer demands, FET has orchestrated a move that not only perfectly combines cloud, technology and industry practices, but also brings together technology vendors to integrate intelligent m-services and ICT services, giving enterprise customers a competitive edge in customized information and communication services.
To enhance the synergy of international networks for 700 million worldwide users’ benefits, FET is also collaborating with international telecommunication syndicates and companies such as China Mobile, Conexus and Vodafone. Through the competitive advantage of an international alliance, FET provides deals and services with great values to users.
Aside from the provision of communications hardware, FET’s digital brand “friDay,” under which contains “friDay Video”, “friDay Shopping”, “friDay Reading”, “friDay Wallet” and “friDay PLAY” services, offered individualized experiences and enriched services to be the preferred partner in the digital life. In addition, FET is the first telecom operator in Taiwan, as well as in Asia, to introduce direct carrier billing services both for Apple (iOS) and Android users, greatly simplifying the payment process and secure users’ credit information from App Store and Google Play.
Following international best practice in CSR reporting, FET led the domestic trend to publish the first Integrated Report in Taiwan and accelerate the adoption of IR across this island. FET communicates a holistic story to build investors’ confidence on how FET uses full range of social, environmental, and economic factors to create value and achieve sustainable development. FET’s 4G sustainable driving forces “Go Prosperous”, “Go Innovative”, “Go Caring” and “Go Inclusive” guide FET’s continuing growth and realize the corporate vision of “FET Connects and Enriches Life.”
Far EasTone has been listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange (ticker code 4904) under the electronic sector since August 2005.
‹ Back to Directory

https://amcham.com.tw/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/md_fareastone.jpg
169
300

AmCham Taipei

//amcham.com.tw/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/amcham_logo_square_transparent.png

AmCham Taipei2017-02-21 16:35:452017-07-14 17:44:39Far EasTone Telecommunications Co., Ltd. 





AmCham Taipei Minsheng East Rd., Section 3, #129, 7F, Suite 706 Taipei 10596, Taiwan 

Phone: +886-2-2718-8226
 About Us
Committees
Corporate Directory
Staff Directory
Contact Us
 News
Upcoming Events
Membership Benefits
TOPICS Magazine
Legal













    Ecolab Taiwan       Fei Han Foreign Legal Affairs Law Firm  










Scroll to top








Far EasTone Telecommunications
























關於遠傳 ︱
				Customer care ︱
				Site Map


































Company Information
Corp. Social Responsibility
Investor Relations
News Room
Contact FarEasTone
Products & Services
Enterprise Solution
Mobile Tool
Customer Care














2015 Corporate Social Responsibility Report












1
2
3
4
5
6
























Corp. Social Responsibility







To propagate the ideal of "love and protecting the environment", Far EasTone and Far Eastern Memorial Foundation jointly held “Love the Earth. Let Love be Heard” Concert. The concert was an entertaining night of great music presented by world-renown conductor Christopher Chen, the Chorus of School of Music of Suzhou University of Science and Technology, Taipei Philharmonic Chorus, and Taipei Philharmonic Youth Orchestra. An acoustic feast was created by the perfect synergy between the vocal and instrumental performances by artists across the Strait. If Kids Theater opened the concert with an interesting play about environmental protection. Every concert goer enjoyed an exceptional weekend night full of visual and audio excitement. 
“Love the Earth. Let Love be Heard” Concert


As part of the 3rd year of the Green Kungfu campaign, FarEasTone launched “I Draw, I Tell, therefore I Love” in 2014. The activity invited Eco-friendly Digital Picture Book to submit their fun, creative work, inspired by their unique perspective on the subject of environmental protection, in the form of a digital file to deliver the message of environmental sustainability to the next generation of Taiwan. Works from the winners were made available for free downloads on FET eBook Town by the general public and non-profit and education organizations. The eco-friendly digital picture books of the top three winners in 2013 were given a new life after they were adapted by If kids Theater Company to create animations dubbed by children’s favorite TV star Chao Tzu Chiang and debuted on FET Video Store. Go to FET Video Store, and you can enjoy their creative works for free! The website: http://greenkfu.fetnet
2014 FET Green Kungfu Record


In 2014, FET volunteers put "Express your love. Let it be heard." into action by traveling to primary schools in remote areas in Taiwan to provide services. Their love and care showered on the kids at Xingchung, Jianshan, and Taoyuan Elementary School in Taoyuan District, Kaohsiung City, and Huzhu and Xiuling Elementary School in Nantou County. In northernTaiwan, Far EasTone joined hands with Homemakers' Union and visited elementary schools and kindergartens to spread the seeds of loving the earth.
2014 FET Volunteer Services


2014 marks the 8th year of working with Child Welfare League Foundation (CWLF) to fundraise for abandoned children. On 28th September, 2014, we held an event at the square in front of Xinyi Vieshow Cinema to announce the official sale of "The Happy Tree" 2015 Calendar to raise funds for abandoned children. Wang Jen-fu and Ji-chin , entertainment celebrities and Love Ambassadors of CWLF, attended the event along with their kids. They took the role of "Store Manager of the Day" to help sell the 2015 calendar and interacted with the crowd on-site in a variety of games in this charity event. Volunteers of Far EasTone also paraded on the street to raise people's awareness of this event. Laughter and joy will help the CWLF to survive the fundraising low season.
The 8th Fundraising Campaign of "Save Abandoned Children"


As part of the third year of the Green Kungfu campaign, FarEasTone launched “I Draw, I Tell, therefore I Love” in 2014. The activity invited Eco-friendly Digital Picture Book to submit their fun, creative work, inspired by their unique perspective on the subject of environmental protection, in the form of a digital file to deliver the message of environmental sustainability to the next generation of Taiwan. The top-place winner received a cash price of NT$10,000 for each page he submitted. Works from the winners were made available for free downloads on FET eBook Town by the general public and non-profit and education organizations. The eco-friendly digital picture books of the top three winners in 2013 were given a new life after they were adapted by If kids Theater Company to create animations dubbed by children’s favorite TV star Chao Tzu Chiang and debuted on FET Video Store. Go to FET Video Store, and you can enjoy their creative works for free!
FET launched the 3th “Green Kungfu"


The 2013 FET Second Green Kungfu Campaign—“I Draw, I Tell, Therefore I Love” initiated the Electronic Environmental Protection Illustrations Competition for Children, which triggered enthusiastic response nationwide, with the number of illustration submissions hitting a new record. Meanwhile, Chao Tzu Chiang and IFkids Theatre were invited to the activity to actively promote paper-free electronic book reading, inspiring and cultivating the concept of environmental protection. In addition, FET also personally promoted public welfare, leading volunteers on a rocky journey to visit 3 Elementary Schools located in Kaohsiung. Meanwhile, FET will continue to hold the storytelling activity in remote rural areas next year and allow volunteers to bring electronic illustrations books to remote elementary schools across Taiwan, in a bid to fully carry out the public welfare activity and pass on the love and care for this island.
Full record of FET Second Green Kungfu Campaign


Far EasTone (FET) collaborated with Child Welfare League Foundation (CWLF) to launch a cute baby figure teabag fundraiser on Taipei’s Xinyi Street, under the theme of “Help me grow, help me find a home”. The organizers invited well-known celebrities Weber Yang and Lele to act as love ambassadors. The weekend Hsinyi business district was filled with happiness even though the weather was rainy and windy. The charity sale gathered people’s power bit by bit to form a solid backing for love.
FET and CWLF launched the 7th “Saving the Lives of Abandoned


A total of 57 out of the 187 electronic environmental protection illustrations were selected for the jury’s shortlist. The five judges eventually selected 13 excellent illustrations after intense discussions. They spoke highly of the illustrations and praised the Far EasTone (FET) activity itself. They also hoped that more creative talents in Taiwan can be uncovered via this method. FET’s “I Draw, I Tell, Therefore I Love” campaign’s official website can be found at: http://www.fetgreenkf.net
Meeting on “I Draw” Illustrations Final Selection


2013/7/5 Yvonne Li, President of Far EasTone, led the first group of volunteers of FET Green Kungfu Campaign, children’s idol Chao Tzu Chiang and members of Ifkids Theatre, who are passionate, loving and full of spirit, went to Hsing-Chung Elementary School located in Taoyuan, Greater Kaohsiung. By the use of tablets and Taiwan’s first electronic picture book “Butterfly Hooligan”, they took 35 Tsou and Bunun students from Hsing-Chung Elementary School to the fantastic world of picture books, hoping that the concept of respecting nature would take root in their hearts.
Storytelling campaign in remote rural areas


The second promotional video of FET Second Green Kungfu Campaign - “I Draw, I Tell, therefore I Love” aims at encouraging the interaction between parents and children. After downloading the APP “Green Kungfu Campaign”, the participants can upload the video clip of the parent-child activities, so that the most beautiful memory of the parent-child interactivity can be kept on records, and children will be able to learn more meaning messages through story telling.  
I tell-Soliciting Video


The 2nd FET Green Kungfu ‘I Draw, I Tell, therefore I Love ’ promotion clip is to encourage the public to create their own illustrated e-book themed on environmental protection following the example of the children’s book “Butterfly A-Fei” written by Chao Tzu Chiang and illustrated by Rainbow. It also hopes to promote environmental protection through paperless reading and illustration books, and invite the public to join hands with FET to love the Earth and protect the environment .
The official website for the I Draw, I Tell , therefore I Love program: http://www.fetgreenkf.net
I Draw, I Tell, therefore I Love 


In order to develop the core business value of Far EasTone and its belief in “fashionable eco-friendly” and “innovatively responsible", Far EasTone held the first activity of “Connect Your Green Kungfu" on June, 2012. An application used on mobile devices and download the app dubbed of  " Your Green Kungfu" that allowed contestants to film and record their green ideas in their daily lives and upload their clips through the app on their mobile devices anytime and anywhere.  The contestants can easy to join this competition and match the environment issue.
website: http://www.fetmobilemovie.net

Green Kung-Fu Full Record


2012 Green Kungfu Video Collection of award-winning 
website: http://www.fetmobilemovie.net

The Secret Book of Green Kung-Fu


2012  Connect Your Green Kungfu Promotion Video I
website: http://www.fetmobilemovie.net

Green Kung-Fu Promo Video I


2012  Connect Your Green Kungfu Promotion Video II

website: http://www.fetmobilemovie.net

Green Kung-Fu Promo Video II


Far EasTone joined hands with the Child Welfare League Foundation to host a grand charity auction at the Taipei Xinyi Vieshow Cinema Plaza for the first time, as the first of a series of its fundraising activities for the 2012 “Saving the Lives of Abandoned Children” Campaign.
2012 FET&CWLF Charity Event







Investor Highlights






						
						2017 2nd Quarter Investor Conference Call will be hold on July 28th, 2017 4:00pm. For more information, please click here.
						
							



						
						Download Investors' Monthly Factsheet (EXCEL file) 
						
							



						
						Download 2017 Q1 Financial Statement (PDF file)
						
							



						
						2017 AGM related information
						
							



						
						Annual Report
						
							





Press Release





Far EasTone Monthly Financial Highlights –June 2017
2017/07/10
Far EasTone to Collaborate with Global Partners in 5G and IoT, Best Dividend-Payout Ratio in Industry for 6 Consecutive Years
2017/06/23
Far EasTone Monthly Financial Highlights –May 2017
2017/06/09
Far EasTone Monthly Financial Highlights –April 2017
2017/05/10
Far EasTone Monthly Financial Highlights –March 2017
2017/04/10





Share Price









Inquiry




					
							FETnet
					
						



					
							Business Opportunities
					
						









About FarEasTone ｜
        Contact Us ｜
        Chinese FETnet  ｜
        CSR Facebook
    Copyright © Far Eastone Telecommunications Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved 











 Far EasTone Telecommunications - Overview

















關於遠傳 ︱
				Customer care ︱
				Site Map





Home >

	
			
	
	
	Products & Services >
	

	
			
	
	
	Pre-Paid Mobile Services >
	

	
			
	
	
	Product Description >
	




Overview



                        
























您的瀏覽器不支援內置框架或目前的設定為不顯示內置框架。







Company Information



Corp. Social Responsibility



Investor Relations



News Room



Contact FarEasTone



Products & Services


Post-Paid Mobile Services


Pre-Paid Mobile Services

Product Description
Rate
Recharge Methods
Prepaid internet access






Enterprise Solution



Mobile Tool



Customer Care













2015 Corporate Social Responsibility Report










Product Description



Overview




Overview


Using Your IF Card


Important Information





"IF“  Prepaid  Card gives consumers a choice in how they want to pay for 3G mobile phone service. "IF“ Prepaid  Card is designed for everyone who wants to control his or her mobile phone expenses, but does not want the hassles of paying monthly bills, tying up their money with a deposit or signing new long-term service agreements. It's a lifestyle product for anyone who wants the communication freedom that 3G mobile service provides and who wants to pay as he or she goes.








About FarEasTone ｜
        Contact Us ｜
        Chinese FETnet  ｜
        CSR Facebook
    Copyright © Far Eastone Telecommunications Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved 

























FAR EASTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS CO., LTD.

























Home
Service
Service Overview
Customized Sourcing


台灣經貿網
English
正體中文
日本語
简体中文
Русский
Español
Português
العربية
Indonesia
Tiếng Việt Nam
ภาษาไทย


Favorites(0)
Sign In
Register
guest no cache from cms-cm:172.17.0.8








Product
Product
Supplier
Sample




Advanced





Home

Company

FAR EASTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS CO., LTD.










FAR EASTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS CO., LTD.
                                 Add to favorites








Company Name:FAR EASTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS CO., LTD.
Tel (1):+886-2-87937221
Tel (2):--
Zip Code:台北市
Address:12F, No468,  Rei Kuang Rd.,  Taipei
Main Product:Mobile data service



Products





全新iPad




Contact Information

Contact Supplier
Office Address: 12F, No468,  Rei Kuang Rd.,  Taipei
Company Site:http://www.fetnet.net

Last Update:
													2016-11-25
N/A
N/A
N/A

Contact Supplier



To:

FAR EASTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS CO., LTD.




CC:
Use ; or , to separate multiple recipients








From:


Sign in to have your contact details filled in for youSign In



 

*Email
Send a Copy to Myself



 

*Re-enter Email
Verified



 

*Subject




 

*Message




 


Upload file formats
																		:
																		htm、html、doc、docx、pdf、txt、jpg、gif、png



 

Estimated Purchase Amount USD




 


Continue







Contact Supplier



 


																		<
																		Back to previous step



 

*Full Name


Mrs.
Ms.
Mr.



 

*Company Name




 

*Location

Please Select a Country
Czech Republic
Finland
Gibraltar
Other
Montenegro
Serbia
Niue
Equatorial Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Kenya
Federal Islamic Republic of the Comoros
Liberia
Lesotho
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Monaco
Madagascar
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Malawi
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Reunion
Rwanda
Seychelles
Sudan
Sierra Leone
Senegal
Somalia
Swaziland
Chad
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
South Africa
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Greenland
Guadeloupe
St. Pierre and Miquelon
St. Helena
United States of America
Anguilla
Netherlands Antilles
Barbados
Bermuda
Belize
Costa Rica
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Guatemala
Honduras
Haiti
Jamaica
Saint Christopher (St. Kitts) and Nevis
Cayman Islands
Saint Lucia
Montserrat
Mexico
Nicaragua
Panama
El Salvador
Trinidad And Tobago
St Vincent
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Nevis
F T/C C A
BR T/C C A
Argentina
Aruba
Bolivia
Chile
Colombia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
French Guiana
S. Georgia And The S. Sandwich Islands
Guyana
Peru
Paraguay
Uruguay
Venezuela
American Samoa
Australia
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Christmas Island
Fiji
Guam
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Northern Mariana Islands
Maldives
New Caledonia
Norfolk Island
Nauru
New Zealand
French Polynesia
Papua New Guinea
Palau
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
East Timor
Tuvalu
Vanuatu
Wallis And Futuna Islands
Samoa
Tahiti
Other Oceania
US T/P P A
Antarctica
Bougainville Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
Neutral Zone
Pitcairn
Svalbard And Jan Mayen Islands
French Southern Territories
Mayotte
Gambia
Guinea
Bangladesh
Brunei Darussalam
Mainland China
Hong Kong
Indonesia
India
Japan
Cambodia
Korea, North Korea
Korea, South Korea
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Myanmar
Mongolia
Macau
Malaysia
Nepal
Pakistan
Singapore
Thailand
Taiwan, ROC
Viet Nam
Ryukyu
United Arab Emirates
Afghanistan
Bahrain
Israel
Iraq
Iran
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Qatar
Syrian Arab Republic
Turkey
Yemen
Andorra
Armenia
Austria
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Belgium
Bulgaria
Belarus
Switzerland
Germany
Denmark
Estonia
Spain
Faroe Islands
France
France, Metropolitan
United Kingdom
Georgia
Greece
Croatia
Hungary
Ireland
Iceland
Kyrgyzstan
Kazakhstan
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Latvia
Morocco
Republic of Moldova
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russian Federation
Sweden
Slovenia
Slovakia (Slovak Republic)
San Marino
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Ukraine
Uzbekistan
Vatican City
Angola
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Benin
Botswana
Central African Republic
Congo
Cote D'Ivoire
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Djibouti
Algeria
Egypt
Western Sahara
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Ghana
Sao Tome and Principe
Tanzania, United Republic Of
Canada
Heard and Mc Donald Island
Antigua And Barbuda
Bahamas
Cuba
Grenada
Martinique
Puerto Rico
Turks And Caicos Islands
Brazil
Ecuador
Suriname
Cook Islands
Micronesia, Federated States Of
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Bhutan
Sri Lanka
Philippines
Cyprus
Saudi Arabia
Albania
Azerbaijan
Italy
Lithuania
Macedonia
Democratic Republic of Congo
Republic of Somaliland
Republic of South Sudan
State of Palestine



 

*Company Site
Not Available



 

Business PhoneExt.
+#



 


Submit












Loading ...
                  















Submit




FAR EASTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS CO., LTD. - Mobile business / Fix network business / ISP business / ICT business in Taiwan | Business Directory by D&B
















































 Dun and Bradstreet 
Business Directory


LOGIN

REGISTER









 HOME 

D-U-N-S NUMBER
GET DUNS REGISTERED

My ACCOUNT


MY DASHBOARD





 




 Dun and Bradstreet 
Business Directory


















UNSPSC/Products
Company Name
D-U-N-S
Industry/SIC
Country




Search

Click on the HOME tab to access the Search bar.



Advanced Search




UNSPSC/Products


Lookup UNSPSC


Revenue

Select
< $1 million
$1 - $5 million
$5 - $10 million
$10 - $50 million
$50 - $500 million
$500 - $1000 million
$1000 - $10000 million
> $10000 million



Country

Select
China
India
US

Number of Employees

Select
< 4
5-10
11-49
50-99
100-499
500-999
1000-4999
More than 5000



Basic Search  
									Clear
Search

















FAR EASTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS CO., LTD.

中文 








Dun & Bradstreet Verified Information


Company Provided Information












                                            Verified by Dun & Bradstreet 
                                            

Overview




 Corporate Information 




Company Name:
FAR EASTONE TELECOMMUNICATIONS CO., LTD.


Address:

	                                                                            468, Jui Kuang Rd.,
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            
	                                                                            Taipei City,
	                                                                            Taipei,
	                                                                            11492   
	                                                                            Taiwan                                                                          
                                                                            



Telephone:


		                                                                     	  
	                                                                        		+886 277235000
	                                                                        



Main Website:


http://www.fetnet.net



Email Address:
ecare@fareastone.com.tw


Employees:
1,000~9,999


Export:

                                                                                Yes
                                                                        


Import:

                                                                                Yes
                                                                        






 D-U-N-S Number 




D-U-N-S Number:
657239380


Credit Report Availability:

                                                                                On Demand
                                                                        








 Registration Information 




Line Of Business:

                                                                             Mobile business / Fix network business / ISP business / ICT business
                                                                        


SIC:

                                                                                4812 - Radiotelephone communication
                                                                                5999 - Ret misc merchandise
                                                                                4813 - Telephone communications
                                                                                5065 - Whol electronic parts/equipment



Business Type:
Public Company Limited by Shares (TW)


Registration date:
1997


Registration #:

                                                                               	 97179430
                                                                        


Registered Capital:
TWD 42,000,000,000


Member Since Date:

                                                                            2017/03/14
                                                                        






 Key Employee 





                                                                            	President:
                                                                            

	                                                                             
	                                                                            Hsu, 
	                                                                            Hsu Tung
                                                                            



                                                                            	General Manager:
                                                                            

	                                                                             
	                                                                            Li, 
	                                                                            Pin, Yvonne
                                                                            






 
 
 




 
Click to purchase a business report for this company



Related Tags
 




Taipei City 


Taipei 


Taiwan 


Export


Import


Mobile business / Fix network business / ISP business / ICT business 


Radiotelephone communication 


Ret misc merchandise 


Telephone communications 


Whol electronic parts/equipment 

 









This information is not verified by D&B
Executives





Name:

		                                                        		 
		                                                        		Hsu 
		                                                        		Hsu Tung
	                                                        	

Title: President

 
 





Name:

		                                                        		 
		                                                        		Li 
		                                                        		Pin, Yvonne
	                                                        	

Title: General Manager

 
 


 
 
 
















Thank You


 Thanks for claiming the profile. 
 Your request will be reviewed shortly. 


OK








Thank You


 Message Successfully delivered to recipient. 


OK










 
 








 





Warning





OK













Product Highlights
The D&B Business Directory is a Business Directory of businesses that enables people anywhere in the world to find and connect with a company they want to do business with.
 
How does it work?


Search
											the D&B Business Directory to gain the insight and confidence you need 
											to find the best company to do business with, whether it is a supplier, customer or partner.
											Register Now  to see more search results.
Found your own business?  
			   								Claim   it here and update your company profile details.

			 									Found a company that you would like to do business with?   
			 									
			   									Connect     with them using our 1-click Connect feature. 
            								

            								Click on a company name in the search results to see the company profile. 
            								DUNS Registered business profiles can contain corporate information, registration information, 
            								key employee details, certifications, on-site audit details, product images and more.

								            To find out more about becoming DUNS Registered
											click here. 


Click Here
Register Now!
 
Already registered? Login to Search, Claim your company profile, and Connect.





Downloads & Offers
Do you have an offer code? Click on the link below to download a Whitepaper or Self Evaluation Report.

Click here to download a Self Evaluation Report using an Offer Code


Login to claim your offer code.
Not registered yet? Register for free now!


















Home

About

FAQs

Contact






Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn









Dun & Bradstreet (NYSE: DNB) grows the most valuable relationships in business. By uncovering truth and meaning from data, we connect customers with the prospects, suppliers, clients and partners that matter most, and have since 1841. Nearly ninety percent of the Fortune 500, and companies of every size around the world, rely on our data, insights and analytics.

© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2000-2015. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Feedback

















