Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc.: NASDAQ:FSNN quotes & news - Google FinanceMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreDocsBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceFusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc.(NASDAQ:FSNN)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc.  (Public, NASDAQ:FSNN)  
Watch this stock
 




















1.27


+0.02
(1.60%)





Real-time:
 

10:44AM EDT



NASDAQ
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

1.25 - 1.28



52 week

0.96 - 2.46



Open

1.25



Vol / Avg.

19,955.00/35,029.00



Mkt cap

28.46M



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-0.91



Shares

22.41M



Beta

2.32



Inst. own

20%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc. »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add FSNN to my calendars





Aug 14, 2017
Q2 2017 Fusion Telecommunications International Inc Earnings Call
- 4:30PM EDT -






Aug 9, 2017
Q2 2017 Fusion Telecommunications International Inc Earnings Release (Estimated)






May 24, 2017
Fusion Telecommunications International Inc at B. Riley Investor Conference



May 10, 2017
Q1 2017 Fusion Telecommunications International Inc Earnings Call



May 10, 2017
Q1 2017 Fusion Telecommunications International Inc Earnings Release





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-9.72%
-10.42%

Operating margin
-4.00%
-6.43%

EBITD margin
-
4.48%

Return on average assets
-10.53%
-10.76%

Return on average equity
-236.26%
-127.77%

Employees
228
-

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
420 Lexington Ave Rm 1718NEW YORK, NY 10170-1707United States
- Map+1-212-2012400 (Phone)+1-302-6365454 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.fusionconnect.com/



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Telecommunications Services > Industry: Wired Telecommunications Carriers

More from FactSet »










Description




Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc. is a United States-based provider of integrated cloud solutions, including cloud voice, cloud connectivity, cloud infrastructure, cloud computing, and managed cloud-based applications to businesses, and voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP)-based voice services to carriers. The Company operates through two segments: Business Services and Carrier Services. Through Business Services segment, it provides cloud voice, cloud connectivity, cloud infrastructure, cloud computing and managed cloud-based applications to businesses of all sizes. Its suite of business services includes unified communications as a service, session initiation protocol trunking solution and file sharing solution. The Carrier Services segment includes termination of domestic and international carrier traffic utilizing VoIP technology. It offers solutions to small, medium and large businesses. It offers domestic and international VoIP services to carriers around the world.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Marvin S. Rosen

Chairman of the Board





Age: 75

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters
Trading Activity - Yahoo Finance

Gordon Hutchins Jr.

President, Chief Operating Officer





Age: 67

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Matthew D. Rosen

Chief Executive Officer, Director





Age: 44

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Michael R. Bauer

Chief Financial Officer





Age: 43

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Russell P. Markman

President Business Services





Age: 65

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Jan Sarro

Executive Vice President – Marketing and Business Development





Age: 61

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Lisa Taranto

Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President





Age: 49

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Jonathan Kaufman

Chief Strategy Officer





Age: 56

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Philip D. Turits

Secretary, Treasurer, Director





Age: 83

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Lawrence H. Blum CPA

Independent Director





Age: 73

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service


Fusion Telecommunications International Inc (FSNN.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Fusion Telecommunications International Inc (FSNN.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTelecommunications ServicesIntegrated Telecommunications Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				FSNN.O on Consolidated Issue listed on NASDAQ Capital Market


				1.25USD
2 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.00


					            (+0.00%)
					        






Prev Close

$1.25


Open

$1.35




Day's High

$1.36


Day's Low

$1.25




Volume

65,504


Avg. Vol

39,263




52-wk High

$2.46


52-wk Low

$0.96












					Full Description



Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc. (Fusion), incorporated on October 17, 1997, offers a suite of cloud communications, cloud connectivity, cloud computing and managed cloud-based applications solutions. The Company operates through two segments: Business Services and Carrier Services. The Company offers its solutions to small, medium and large businesses, and offers domestic and international voice services to carriers across the world. Its cloud services platforms, as well as switching systems, enable the integration of solutions in the cloud by connecting employees, partners, customers and vendors.Business ServicesThrough Business Services segment, the Company provides cloud communications, cloud connectivity, cloud storage and security solutions to small, medium and large businesses. The Business Services products and services include cloud voice and unified communications as a service (UCaaS) for communication and collaboration on virtually any device, virtually anywhere, and cloud connectivity services, connecting customers to the cloud with managed network solutions that are designed. Its cloud computing and infrastructure as a service (IaaS) solutions are designed to provide its business customers with a platform on which additional cloud services can be layered.Fusion has over 12,000 business customer accounts. The Company offers a suite of cloud-based services, including cloud communications, which encompasses cloud voice and unified communications, and cloud connectivity that provides access to the cloud. The Company's managed network services converge voice and data applications, which include Internet access, Ethernet over Copper transmission facilities and Multi-Protocol Level Switching (MPLS) services at speeds ranging from 1.5 megabits per second (Mbps) to 100 gigabits per second (Gbps). Its cloud computing solutions include private and hybrid cloud, storage, backup and recovery, and secure file sharing.Fusion's cloud voice service allows a customer to replace its premise-based office telephone system that it owns or leases with its digital telephone system in the cloud. Its UCaaS complements its cloud voice solutions with integrated service features that combine audio, video, messaging and Web services connecting people with the information they need to communicate. Its integrated cloud-based UCaaS collaboration suite is device and location agnostic. It allows connecting employees with other employees and customers through conference call or online meeting, and sharing documents real-time with a click. Fusion's Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) trunking solution allows a customer to retain and use its existing telephone system, while connecting to the Fusion network for access to the cloud, as well as its local services and inbound/outbound domestic and international long distance services. SIP trunks provide businesses with voice channels in any configuration.Fusion's Cloud Computing service centralizes information management, hardware, network and infrastructure in an off-premise location that is hosted and managed by Fusion. Securing customer networks and data in motion, as well as at rest, Fusion's Stealth cybersecurity solution is developed for the Department of Defense to enables secure migration to the cloud. The Stealth security solution renders end points invisible on a network, removing them as a target. Fusion offers a solution across all industries with a secure storage solution hosted in the cloud. Fusion delivers a storage and data back-up assessment service as part of its storage offering, measuring growth and duplication Fusion Backup and Recovery is an enterprise-grade backup software solution that provides a single, integrated approach to data protection. Its suite of tools and capabilities allow businesses to protect data.Fusion offers a file sharing solution that allows businesses to share, synchronize and transfer data across multiple platforms. The solution delivers file access from any location, on any device to enable file sharing, restoration and collaboration. Fusion offers various different service packages designed to meet specific customer needs and requirements. Base level plans offer a basic service package for a low monthly recurring charge (MRC). Additional charges, such as local, long distance, or international calling, are charged at per minute rates. Other packages may include a specific number of local or long distance minutes or even unlimited local or long distance minutes. Cloud connectivity services, such as Internet access services and/or private line services are charged on a fixed monthly basis. Cloud computing services are generally composed of an upfront charge and a monthly recurring charge.Carrier ServicesThe Carrier Services segment provides voice traffic termination employing Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) technology. The Company interconnects with approximately 370 carrier customers and vendors, and sells its voice services to other communications service providers throughout the world. Customers include the United States-based carriers sending voice traffic to international destinations, and foreign carriers sending primarily VoIP traffic to the United States and internationally. The Company also purchases domestic and international voice services from many of its Carrier Services customers. It has a carrier-grade network with switching platform and interconnections with global carriers on approximately six continents.

» Full Overview of FSNN.O







					Company Address



Fusion Telecommunications International Inc
420 Lexington Ave Rm 1718NEW YORK   NY   10170-1707
P: +1212.2012400F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Marvin Rosen

972,142




							 Gordon Hutchins

402,685




							 Matthew Rosen

970,529




							 Michael Bauer

--




							 Russell Markman

333,568




» More Officers & Directors





					Fusion Telecommunications International Inc News




BRIEF-Unterberg Capital says to present nominees for Fusion Telecommunications International board

Jul 12 2017 
BRIEF-Unterberg Capital says engaging in discussions with Fusion Teleco management, board about board representation

Jun 28 2017 
BRIEF-Fusion Telecommunications International says reached agreement with Xcomip to create Fusion Global Services

Jun 12 2017 
BRIEF-Fusion Telecommunications reports Q1 loss per share $0.23

May 10 2017 
BRIEF-Fusion secures $2.1 million, five year contract to provide single source cloud solutions to leading midwestern and southeastern health system

Apr 20 2017 


» More FSNN.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTelecommunications ServicesIntegrated Telecommunications Services





























BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.














































Commercial Credit Report for Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc. - Report Preview
















































CreditRiskMonitor helps corporate credit, procurement and finance professionals stay ahead of financial risk with comprehensive commercial credit reports, risk analysis and monitoring for more than 57,000 active, publicly-traded companies worldwide. 
                                    Reports typically include detailed financial statements, ratios, peer analyses, bond agency ratings from Moody's, S&P and Fitch, when available, and our proprietary FRISK® score, proven 96% accurate in predicting financial failure of public companies. Below is a partial preview of the CreditRiskMonitor report for Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc..
                                To get the full report on this and other companies at no charge, request a personal demo and free trial.
                                
                                To purchase this report now, or if you are a subscriber, click here.







Fusion Telecommunications Int'l, Inc.



420 Lexington Ave Rm 1718


Phone: (212) 201-2400p:212 201-2400
NEW YORK, NY  10170-1707  United States
Ticker:
              FSNNFSNN






Business Summary




Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc. is a United States-based provider of integrated cloud solutions, including cloud voice, cloud connectivity, cloud infrastructure, cloud computing, and managed cloud-based applications to businesses, and voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP)-based voice services to carriers. The Company operates through two segments: Business Services and Carrier Services. Through Business Services segment, it provides cloud voice, cloud connectivity, cloud infrastructure, cloud computing and managed cloud-based applications to businesses of all sizes. Its suite of business services includes unified communications as a service, session initiation protocol trunking solution and file sharing solution. The Carrier Services segment includes termination of domestic and international carrier traffic utilizing VoIP technology. It offers solutions to small, medium and large businesses. It offers domestic and international VoIP services to carriers around the world.(Source: Company's Website)


Scores and Ratings




FRISK®Score
Z''Score
IRA CQScore
DBTIndex
S&PRating
Moody'sRating
FitchRating

YesYes-Yes---


Financials, News and Filings




LatestStatement
LastAudit
News
SECFilings
BankruptcyFilings
Suit &JudgmentFilings
TaxLienFilings

3/31/201712/31/2016YesYes--Yes


Industries



SIC Code
Description


4813
Telephone communications, except radiotelephone


4899
Communications services, not elsewhere classified





Officers and Directors



Title
Name
Age
TitleDate
StartDate


Chairman of the Board
Marvin S.Rosen
75
3/16/2006
3/1/1998


President, Chief Operating Officer
GordonHutchins
67
4/13/2016
12/1/2005


Chief Executive Officer, Director
Matthew D.Rosen
44
3/26/2008
2/1/2000


11 additional Officers and Directors records available in full report.





Subsidiaries



Business Name
Address
City
State/Province
Country


Technology for Business Corporation
1112 Ocean Drive
Manhattan Beach
CA
United States


Cypress Communications
15 Piedmont Center
Atlanta
GA
United States


Cypress Communications Holding Co.,  Inc.
15 Piedmont Center, Suite 100
Atlanta
GA
United States


3 additional Subsidiary records available in full report.





Business Names



Business Name


Apptix, Inc.


Cypress Communications


Fidelity Access Networks, Inc.


13 additional Business Names available in full report.





General Information



Number of Employees:
228
 (As of 12/31/2014) 


Outstanding Shares:
22,412,403
 (As of 5/8/2017) 


Shareholders:
500



Stock Exchange:
NASD


Federal Tax Id:
582342021


Fax Number:
(302) 636-5454
















Copyright © 2017 CreditRiskMonitor.com (Ticker: CRMZ).  
All rights reserved.     

By using this website, you accept the Terms of Use Agreement. 
Fundamental financial data concerning public companies may be provided by Thomson Reuters (click for restrictions)

Thursday, August 03, 2017




SITE MAP | ABOUT US | DIRECTORY | STOCK QUOTE: CRMZ | SIGN IN







 
















BBB Search Database of Businesses, Charities, & News Items

















 For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
 Here are the 
 instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.
     











No results found.   Ask BBB to develop a report on this business by clicking here.


BBB Search Tips
Use BBB's search bar above to check out businesses and charities from our comprehensive database of BBB Business Profiles. Enter any of the following into the search box:

Business or Charity Name
Website URL
Phone Number
Email Address

Or, select from the categories in the drop-list to search by Type of Business or Type of Charity.
Want to know more about our rating system? Find out more here. 
Need more info?  Try the search FAQs.














































  FSNN:NASDAQ CM Stock Quote - Fusion Telecommunications International Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Fusion Telecommunications International Inc   FSNN:US   NASDAQ CM        1.28USD   0.03   2.40%     As of 10:37 AM EDT 8/3/2017     Open   1.25    Day Range   1.25 - 1.28    Volume   19,955    Previous Close   1.25    52Wk Range   0.96 - 2.46    1 Yr Return   -34.36%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1.25    Day Range   1.25 - 1.28    Volume   19,955    Previous Close   1.25    52Wk Range   0.96 - 2.46    1 Yr Return   -34.36%    YTD Return   -14.67%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.84    Market Cap (m USD)   28.016    Shares Outstanding  (m)   22.412    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.17    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Telecommunication Services   % Price Change -0.02%     Industry Telecommunication Services   % Price Change -0.02%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     8/2/2017   Fusion Sets Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call for Monday, August 14, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET     8/2/2017   Fusion Sets Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call for  Monday, August 14, 2017 at 4:30 p.m. ET     7/18/2017   Fusion Secures Multi-Year Contract to Provide Cloud Communications  Solution to International Self-Storage Company     6/26/2017   Fusion Added to the Russell Microcap Index     6/26/2017   Fusion Added to the Russell Microcap Index     6/12/2017   Fusion and XComIP to Form Joint Venture to Launch Fusion Global Services, LLC     6/12/2017   Fusion and XComIP to Form Joint Venture to Launch Fusion Global  Services, LLC     5/23/2017   Fusion to Participate in the 14th Annual Craig-Hallum Institutional  Investor Conference on May 31, 2017     5/10/2017   Fusion Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results     5/10/2017   Fusion Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc. is a global provider of Unified Communications and cloud solutions to businesses and carriers worldwide. The Company's service platform enables the integration of products and services in the cloud, including voice, data, managed network services, cloud computing, storage, information technology, data center services and security.    Address  420 Lexington AvenueSuite 1718New York, NY 10170United States   Phone  1-212-201-2400   Website   www.fusiontel.com     Executives Board Members    Matthew D Rosen "Matt"  Chief Executive Officer    Gordon Hutchins "Don"  President/COO    Michael R Bauer "Mike"  Chief Financial Officer    Thomas Durkin "Tom"  Chief Technology Officer    Jonathan Kaufman  Chief Strategy Officer     Show More         




BBB Business Profile | Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc. | Accreditation



























Home
 > 
Business Directory
 > 
Telephone Communications
 > 
Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc.














This Business Is Not BBB Accredited



                            Is this your business? 
                                Claim it now.








Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc.



Submit a Review

































Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc.






            Business Information
        






(212) 201-2400

Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc.
20 years in business

        420 Lexington Avenue
Suite 1718
        New York, NY 10170-1707
    




                 WEBSITE
            





                    Fax Numbers
                


                            (212) 972-7884
                        




                    Additional Phone Numbers
                


                            (212) 972-2000
                        

                            (212) 972-3325
                        





See Less Contact Options
See More Contact Options





Find a Location






                BBB File Opened: 09/01/2000
            

                Business Started: 01/01/1997






            Business Management
        


                    Mr. Marvin Rosen, CEO
                






            Business Category
        


                Telephone Communications
            








            Alternate Business Names
        


                    International Communications Group
                

                    Fusion Telecom; Intergrated Telemanagement Serv.
                




 







BBB Accreditation





                This Business Is Not BBB Accredited
            

                
                Businesses are under no obligation to seek BBB accreditation, and some businesses are not accredited because they have not sought BBB accreditation.
            

                To be accredited by BBB, a business must apply for accreditation and BBB must determine that the business meets
                BBB accreditation standards, which include a commitment to make a good faith effort to resolve any consumer complaints. BBB Accredited Businesses must pay a fee for accreditation review/monitoring and for support of BBB services to the public.
            








Standards of BBB Accreditation






Build Trust









            Establish and maintain a positive track record in the marketplace.
        

           An accredited business or organization agrees to:

                   1. Have been operational (actively selling products or services) in any BBB service area for at least the most recent 6 months, unless the principle(s) previously operated a similar business with an eligible record (one that qualifies for BBB accreditation).
                

                   1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached.
                

                   3. Be free from government action that demonstrates a significant failure to support BBB ethical principles in marketplace transactions (this requires a determination by BBB as to the nature of any violation, whether it was caused or condoned by management, and actions taken to resolve underlying issues that led to the government action).
                
4. Be free of an unsatisfactory rating and maintain at least a B rating at the accrediting BBB and the BBB where it is headquartered, if different.

                   5. In its relationship with BBB: 
1. meet all applicable standards within this Code of Business Practices

                            2. cooperate with BBB's activities and efforts to promote voluntary self- regulation within the business' industry
                        
3. honor any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process

                            4. complete the required application and pay all monetary obligations to BBB in a timely manner
                        









Advertise Honestly









            Adhere to established standards of advertising and selling.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Follow federal, state/provincial and local advertising laws.
                

                    2. Abide by the BBB Code of Advertising. Supply, upon request, substantiation for advertising and selling claims. Correct advertising and selling practices, when recommended by BBB.
                
3. Adhere to applicable BBB industry codes of advertising.
4. Cooperate with BBB self-regulatory programs for the resolution of advertising disputes.
5. Use the BBB name and logos in accordance with BBB policy.

                    6. Avoid misleading customers by creating the false impression of sponsorship, endorsement, popularity, trustworthiness, product quality or business size through the misuse of logos, trustmarks, pictures, testimonials, or other means
                







Tell the Truth









            Honestly represent products and services, including clear and adequate disclosures of all material terms.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Make known all material facts in both written and verbal representations, remembering that misrepresentation may result not only from direct statements but by omitting or obscuring relevant facts.
                

                    2. Ensure that any written materials are readily available, clear, accurate and complete.
                







Be Transparent









            Openly identify the nature, location, and ownership of the business, and clearly disclose all policies, guarantees and procedures that bear on a customer's decision to buy.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Upon request, provide BBB with all information required to evaluate compliance with BBB standards. This may include, but is not limited to business name, address and contact information; names and background of principles; business and banking references; licensing and/or professional accreditation; and a complete description of the nature of the business.
                

                    2. Clearly disclose to customers:

                    
1. direct and effective means to contact the business
2. terms of any written contract
3. any guarantees or warranties accompanying a product

                            4. any restrictions or limitations imposed (e.g. limited supply,maximum number available per customer)
                        
5. the business' return/refund policy

                            6. any recurring commitment into which the customer may be entering, including information on how future billing will occur
                        
7. total cost of the transaction, including tax, shipping and handling, and other related charges



                    3. If selling products or providing services on Web sites or via other electronic means: 
1. provide any required product labeling information

                            2. disclose the nature and terms of shipping, including any known delays or shortages of stock
                        
3. provide an opportunity to review and confirm the transaction before the sale is completed

                            4. provide a receipt summarizing the transaction after the purchase
                        









Honor Promises









            Abide by all written agreements and verbal representations.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 
1. Fulfill contracts signed and agreements reached. 2. Honor representations by correcting mistakes as quickly as possible.







Be Responsive









            Address marketplace disputes quickly, professionally, and in good faith.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Promptly respond to all complaints forwarded by BBB by: 
1. Resolving the complaint directly with the complainant and notifying BBB, or

                            2. Providing BBB with a response that BBB determines: 

                                    1. is professional,
                                
2. addresses all of the issues raised by the complainant,
3. includes appropriate evidence and documents supporting the business' position, and

                                    4. explains why any relief sought by the complainant cannot or should not be granted.
                                





                    2. Make a good faith effort to resolve disputes, which includes mediation if requested by BBB. Other dispute resolution options, including arbitration, may be recommended by BBB when other efforts to resolve a dispute have failed. BBB may consider a business' willingness to participate in recommended dispute resolution options in determining compliance with these standards.
                

                    3. Comply with any settlements, agreements or decisions reached as an outcome of a BBB dispute resolution process.
                

                    4. Cooperate with BBB in efforts to eliminate the underlying cause of patterns of customer complaints that are identified by BBB.
                







Safeguard Privacy









            Protect any data collected against mishandling and fraud, collect personal information only as needed, and respect the preferences of customers regarding the use of their information.
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to: 

                    1. Respect Privacy Businesses conducting e-commerce agree to disclose on their Web site the following: 
1. what information they collect,
2. with whom it is shared,
3. how it can be corrected,
4. how it is secured,

                            5. how policy changes will be communicated, and;
                        
6. how to address concerns over misuse of personal data.



                    2. Secure Sensitive Data Businesses that collect sensitive data online (credit card, bank account numbers, Social Security number, salary or other personal financial information, medical history or records, etc.) will ensure that it is transmitted via secure means.Businesses will make best efforts to comply with industry standards for the protection and proper disposal of all sensitive data, both online and offline.
                    
                

                    3. Honor Customer Preferences

                     Businesses agree to respect customer preferences regarding contact by telephone, fax and e-mail, and agree to remedy the underlying cause of any failure to do so.
                







Embody Integrity









            Approach all business dealings, marketplace transactions and commitments with integrity.
            
        

            An accredited business or organization agrees to:
            
1. Avoid involvement, by the business or its principles, in activities that reflect unfavorably on, or otherwise adversely affect the public image of BBB or its accredited businesses.












BBB Accreditation Reviews

BBB routinely monitors its files on all Accredited Businesses to affirm that they continue to meet all BBB Accreditation Standards











BBB Accreditation Process


        Not every business is eligible for BBB Accreditation. Businesses must meet, commit to and maintain the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards) 
        in order to be eligible for and maintain BBB Accreditation. The BBB Code of Business Practices represents sound advertising, selling and customer
        service practices that enhance customer trust and confidence in business. The Code is built on the BBB Standards for Trust, eight principles that
        summarize important elements of creating and maintaining trust in business.
    

        In order to be eligible for Accreditation a business must complete an Accreditation application.        
    

        Upon receipt of a fully completed BBB Application for Accreditation, BBB staff:        
        
Reviews the application
Researches the business
Verifies the information presented in the application 
May request additional information
May request proof of specific information on the application

        After the review and verification process, BBB will then evaluate if the business meets the
        BBB Code of Business Practices (Accreditation Standards)..
    
    
        Once BBB has finished its evaluation, the application for BBB Accreditation is either approved or denied. If the applicant is found in compliance with the BBB Code of Business Practices it will be presented to the BBB Board of Directors, or a committee of that board, for final approval. If the application is denied, BBB will contact the applicant, indicating the BBB Standard(s) that were not met and any recourse available to the applicant.        
    
















Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc.






            BBB Rating Scorecard
        






This Business Is Not BBB Accredited  

                Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc.
            










C-




BBB Rating System Overview














Customer Review Rating:









                        The BBB Customer Review Rating represents the customer's opinion of the business.
                        The Customer Review Rating percentages are based on the total number of positive,
                        neutral, and negative reviews posted.
                    


                        There are NO reviews for this business.Be the first to leave a review!
                    




[4] Total Customer Complaints
                        


















Share your experience


              Submit a Review
          

            Submit a Complaint
        











Share




Print






































































×
Claim Your Business


                By claiming your Business Profile, businesses can add custom text or descriptive information about their services, insert company logos, and add photographs for consumers to view.
            

Close










×
AccreditedQuestionModal title


                content
            

Close










×
Customer Rating Modal title


                content
            

Close










×
Score Modal title


                content
            

Close











×
Find a Location







Filter







Close




 





















 














Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc. | Company Spotlight Profile











Warning! This site has features that require JavaScript.












watch








        Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc.
        
      

Sector: 


            Telegraph And Other Message Communications
          
Region: 

NY, United States


 
  : 

|
Nasdaq: FSNN


  



Listed in: 
Communications


        Similar to:
Groupe Diffusion Plus SA, 
        Shaw Communications, Inc.





♣ Request Investor Kit

 View Contact Details







 News & Analysis
















 Featured Company


Diodes, Inc.
Dallas, TX, US
Diodes, Inc. manufactures and sells semiconductor devices. The company is engaged in the manufacturing and distribution of semiconductor products to...







 You may also be interested in:





Shaw Communications, Inc.



Calgary, AB, CA
Shaw Communications Inc. provides its customers with high-quality entertainment, information and communications services, utilizing a variety of distribution technologies. It...




Groupe Diffusion Plus SA



Normanville, HN, FR
Groupe Diffusion Plus SA provides direct communications management and remote sales logistics services for businesses. The company's two domains are...




BlackRock Municipal 2020 Term Trust



Wilmington, DE, US











×
Contact Investor Relations



Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc.
Investor Relations
         420 Lexington AvenueSuite 1718
         New York , NY 10170
         United States
Phone:1.212.201.2400

SIC Code:
4822



Close




×
Request Investor Kit









Select your country:


Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, St. Eust., Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brit. Indian Ocean Terr.
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo (Dem. Rep. of the)
Congo (Rep. of)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Terr.
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard & McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
La Reunion
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marianas
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre & Miquelon
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Marten
Slovakia
Slovenia
So Georgia & So Sand Isl
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St Vincent & Grenadines
St. Lucia
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Minor Outlying Isl.
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands
Wallis & Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe





E-mail:


required field!



First Name:


required field!



Last Name:


required field!




Street 1:


required field!



Street 2:





City:


required field!



State/Province:


-
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming


required field!



Postal Code:


required field!






 I consent to receiving periodic email communications from Fusion Telecommunications International, Inc.. 
            

 I'd like to receive more information from PrecisionIR.
            







Watch

Watch this company to be notified of upcoming earnings calls and new content with a weekly digest sent to your email.
            
 Watch content
            




Go!
Cancel






Company Spotlight is available free to investors through the financial support of participating companies. In return for receiving this free information, your contact data are made available to the companies whose reports you have ordered, and to other parties as described in our privacy policy, which you can read in its entirety here. In addition, you agree to be contacted by these companies from time to time. You may select at any time to opt out of these communications by using the unsubscribe link in your email(s) or by sending an email to nacustomerservice@precisionir.com.



×
 Enter your email address to watch this company.




E-mail (required):


required field!



First Name:





Last Name:












    Signup 




×
  Enter your email address and notification preferences.




A reminder has been added for this event.



    Add to Calendar
  


Add to Google Calendar


Add to Live Calendar


Add to Yahoo! Calendar


Add to iCalender


Add to Outlook Calendar







Or





Send me a reminder




Weeks

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52



Days

0
1
2
3
4
5
6



Hours

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23



Minutes

0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
54
55
56
57
58
59





before the event.

Please enter a valid email to watch!

First Name

Last Name








    Signup 




































Fusion (FSNN) |



























Skip to main content

















Toggle navigation






































 



 






 

 




 



 






 

 




 



 






 

 




 



 






 

 




 



 






 

 













 




























 



Cloud Communications
Fusion’s cloud-based communications help you connect and collaborate faster, more easily and cost-effectively.


Cloud Connectivity
Fusion’s robust nationwide network delivers diverse connections to the cloud, while managed network solutions converge voice and data requirements.


Cloud Computing
Fusion’s comprehensive suite of cloud services are designed to increase value and productivity with flexible, scalable, reliable, and secure solutions.

























      Recent News    















06.26.17

Fusion Added to the Russell Microcap Index









05.17.17

Urgent Update from Fusion Regarding  WannaCry Malware




















      Announcements    















08.02.17

Fusion Sets Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call
























Your Single Source for the CloudSM 










 



The Fusion Advantage
Your single source in the cloud. Fusion’s advanced cloud services platform enables the integration of a full suite of cloud-ready solutions to advance your business’ success.
 





Customer-centered, Results-driven
Our customers know the difference between good and great service. Discover why more and more customers are trusting Fusion with their cloud solutions every day.
 





Partner With Confidence
Connect to your customers with outstanding cloud-ready solutions delivered with exceptional sales, technical and customer support.
 



















Our Customers
















 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 
















Our Customers
















 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 




 





 
























































