







M2 Wholesale



























 


1300 767 977








      


Products and Services

Wholesale Mobile Services
Wholesale Fixed Line Voice
Wholesale Broadband and Data


About M2 Wholesale
Become a Wholesale Customer



















							M2 Wholesale					




M2 Wholesale, through our comprehensive wholesale offering, allow your company to incorporate mobile, voice and data services into your existing product mix, market them through your existing sales channels and do it all under the banner of your own brand name throughout Australia.
Established in 2006, M2 Wholesale is the exclusively endorsed wholesale aggregator of Optus third generation (3G) mobile services.  In 2007 continued growth and commitment to become a leader in wholesale telecommunication services within Australia resulted in M2 acquiring the Wholesale Communications Group Pty Ltd (WCG), Australia’s largest independent data wholesaling business.
In 2008 M2 acquired Unitel, an established wholesale provider of fixed line (including local access), mobile and data services to telecommunications service providers Australia-wide.


The strategic relevance of the Unitel acquisition and the benefits to our partners, cannot be overstated.  Our expanded offering is able to supply wholesale fixed line and local access resale, third generation (“3G”) mobile services and a full suite of data products.
Effectively, M2 Wholesale has the products, ability, capacity and desire to provide you with all of your wholesale telecommunications services at competitive rates.
M2 Wholesale will provide full training, comprehensive documentation, experienced operational support and account management to ensure smooth and swift enablement as well as dedicated ongoing support.
To register your expression of interest please complete the service provider questionnaire found here.

 

























ECS - Motherboard, Notebook, Tablet PC, System, IPC, LIVA Mini PC






































Elitegroup Computer SystemsSupportWhere to buy
MotherboardIntel PlatformAMD PlatformSoC SolutionArchivesZ270-LIGHTSABERZ270H4-IB250H4-M20H110M4-C2HNotebookEducation PC2 in 1 NotebookArchivesSF20BATablet PC12-inch10-inch7-inchmPOSTE10EA3TC12A-WSystemAll in OneSmall Form FactorPCoS  LIVAArchivesLIVA ZLIVA OneLIVA XESKM-UIPCMotherboardSystemTIGD2-I(V1.0)VX900-I2(V1.0)H61H2-M19(V1.0)SKL-1000IoTGatewayHome SecurityGWS-QXGWS-QX2Digital SignageSignage playerPB01CFPS02SCQPC-MY SeriesQPC-SY Series


           　　   
               
                
          　    
            

           
	

	
	  
            
            
            
           
    
           
            
          　 
            
        

	    
	          
	





     







What's NewEarn your OneChoose what you love and love what you have chosen. 
Earn your One with Intel Core i7, 16GB memory and expense HDD up to 4TB, these breathtaking performance are all you can build in.more ProductNews
Expert RecommendFree Upgrade to Windows 10 right now!ECS LIVA mini PC Kit and X with pre-installed Windows 8.1 support free upgrade to Windows 10.
Please follow steps to install Microsoft windwows 10..more
Updates & UpgradesLatest UpdatesFollow steps to complete update, then you can use new CPU or functions successfully. 
‧Kaby Lake Processors >more
‧Broadwell Processors >more
‧Haswell Refresh Processors >more




EventWelcome to COMPUTEX 2017more
ServiceQ & A / Technical Supportmore
VideoLIVA – Living a Better Life - Branding Video 2017more




                        Microsite



Expert Recommend

LIVA Z

LIVA X2

DURATHON2

LIVA X

LIVA Z Plus

Haswell Refresh CPU












Forward-thinking solutions for your Network · Vocus Communications         
   








Business on the move?Find out everything you need to know to move your business successfully with our moving checklist. And yes, amazing high-speed fibre internet is on the list.

Learn More
Reliable solutions for mission-critical situations"The CHC Helicopter team are thrilled with the solutions implemented... not only operationally superior, but cost effective too."

Find out how we helped







  
We’ve built our telco to give you a reason to change yours.If you want a telco that’s as smart, nimble and high performing as your own business, then you’re in the right place.Learn more about us 












What we offerForward thinking solutions
Data Networks
We’ve been building our network over the past decade to be one of the most advanced and intelligent Australia has to offer. We’ve got your network needs covered.
Internet
Our Internet is made for business and that means awesome speed, reliability and first class service and support.
Unified Comms
Modern communications for a modern workforce from a modern telco, it just makes sense. You’ll be surprised what we can now offer your business.
Cloud Services
Connect with a custom cloud-based solution that’s grounded, literally, in a carrier-grade, high performance network.
Data Centres
Our Data Centres provide you with the security, flexibility and connectivity you need while supporting you with leading SLAs, access and tools.Case Study:
Goodman“We wanted to get guaranteed and consistent speeds into the Amazon cloud. With a VPN connection there are too many variables.”Bart TuteleersGoodman
View Case StudyWhat usually happens is a hundred people finish a shift and they all go to make a call. With poor infrastructure, it isn’t possible to host them all.Matt WalshGeneral Manager of Service Assurance, VocusView all Case Studies

Straight From The NetworkWhat's Happening Around Vocus.







The Impact of Natural Disaster on Data Infrastructure…
What are the potential impacts of a natural disaster on data infrastructure?
The digital transformation…
Read more






Success of Innovation hinges on shared agenda…
These questions were top of mind during a Roundtable for ICT and leadership representatives from mining,…
Read more






Make Decisions Faster For Competitive Advantage…
There’s been a lot of hype about the opportunities offered by Big Data – so how can it realistically…
Read more


View all news

© Vocus Communications 2017.  




M2 Retail






































The Retail Solution




M2 has extensive experience in setting up retail stores and has played a key role in a vast number of new retail concepts. We know retail – inside out. We support customers in the retail, premium and luxury segments – planning and executing profit-generating environments.
We know how to increase sales by designing stores that attract consumers and make the customer's visit a true event. We know how to use the walls and the floor space effectively; how to highlight and expose products and the best way to create “flow” through the sales area. In short: Retail knowledge is our claim to fame.


Recent activity



28 Feb, 2017: 
M2 is proud to announce our collaboration with Al Sirhan Shoes in Kuwait. The company has been in business since 1935 and is known for offering high quality shoes from reputed brands. Looking forward to share some pictures from their beautiful stores. 



23 Feb, 2017: 
Since autumn 2016, M2 is working together with Nilson Group to help them optimize each m2 in their shops. The successful program will continue through 2017 and 2018. To further save costs and environment, M2 will assist Nilson Group in exchanging all lightning in their shops to LED lights, starting spring 2017. Nilson Group is the largest shoe retailer in Scandinavia, with a total of 330 shops.



21 Nov, 2016: 
Join M2 Retail Solutions at Digital Transformation Day: the future of retail
Experience LIVE our retail solution in 3D (VR) – walk around in our digital showroom without having to move!
23/11 at Svenska Mässan, Gothenburg
16.00 – 18.00
See you in the future!



16 Aug, 2016: 
We are proud to present a new client to M2: Orrefors Kosta Boda – a very famous Swedish brand who still manufacture their products in Sweden, using traditional production methods. M2 has together with the client developed a flexible Shop in Shop system that will highlight the Orrefors Kosta Boda products across their markets










Product Overview






Planning
Ways of working
Retail Platform
Conceptual design
Evolutionary design
Maintenance
Online ordering


Execution
Project management
Site Visit
Drawings
Permits and Approvals
Tender management
Supervision and installation
Snagging and follow up


Supply chain
Warehousing
Block Order
Block order handling extra
Outsourced supply chain
Luxury and Flagship
Prototyping
Logistics









Cases








Ecco
ECCO stores are both owner operated as well as franchise and M2 have been acting as ECCOs representative in the opening process. A trust that has been









Peak Performance
For Peak Performance M2 have opened stores mainly throughout Euope but also in US, Hong Kong and mainland China. We have handled the entire store open









Chloé
M2 have been a proud supplier to French fashion brand Chloé, for almost 10 years. M2 Retail Solutions and sister company Lui Design have been working









Georg Jensen
M2 have over a period of 10 years supplied Georg Jensen with turn key retail openings in Europe, USA, Asia and Australia. Main tasks have been Project











Contact us 
M2 has offices in Sweden, Denmark, Hong Kong and Mainland China as well as representation in Korea. You find the contact information under Contact.
Alternatively, you can use our contact form. Your message will be dispatched directly to our offices in Asia or Europe, who will answer as soon as they can. Please be advised that this response may be delayed by weekends and public holidays.




Full nameName is required


TelephoneTelephone or email is required
EmailTelephone or email is required




Asia
Select region
Europe




Message





















Swiftcam Global












Loading






















































































M2 Products - The UK's only manufacturer of Foam Board


























Home


Sign & Display Foam Board


Arts & Crafts Foam Board


About


Contact

 
M2 Products News

PAPERWORLD 2010


Download Area

Polystyrene foam board information
Polyurethane foam or polystyrene foam
Visual comparison of 2 products

M2 Products Customer Login


								Username:
								


								Password:   
								






Home::



Welcome

M2 Products Ltd "The Foam Board Factory"
					manufactures foam-centred display board for the screen and digital printing marketplace, as well as for Educational Suppliers, Art/Craft and Graphic Supplies retailers.
					"Quality product made in Britain" with raw materials from France and Germany - a truly European collaboration.
					The Management and staff of M2 PRODUCTS have many years of experience within the Graphic Presentation Market. This together with our knowledge and know-how ensure that M2 PRODUCTS is able to provide the market with a quality product backed by technical expertise.
					Please navigate your way around our website. If you require any assistance please contact us and we will be delighted to help you.
					




M2 Products Sign & Display Area



						Industrial production of lightweight boards with polystyrene core for signs, displays, digital printing, PLV and more...						
Read More








M2 Products Arts & Crafts Area



						A collection of foamboards and accessories to assist and support your creativity " Light media that gives wings to your imagination...						
Read More






Home l
					Contact l 
					Site Map l 
					Web Design by Revive Digital Media


























M2 Group




















































Home

About Us


M2 Companies


Investor Centre

Board of Directors & Executive Team
ASX Announcements
Shareholder Services
Shareholder Rewards
Reports, Presentations and Resources
Corporate Governance
Calendar of Events
2015 Annual Report



Contact Us




















Board of Directors & Executive Team
ASX Announcements
Shareholder Services
Shareholder Rewards
Reports, Presentations and Resources
Corporate Governance
Calendar of Events
2015 Annual Report
×















In February 2016, M2 Group Ltd merged with Vocus Communications Limited. We’re proud to take the Vocus name while keeping our well-known customer-facing brands of Dodo, Commander, engin and iPrimus.

		For more information on the merger, please refer to our ASX announcements.
	

You will be automatically redirected to http://www.vocusgroup.com.au in 45 seconds.







































Contact Us at M2 Products - The UK's only manufacturer of Foam Board


























Home


Sign & Display Foam Board


Arts & Crafts Foam Board


About


Contact

 
M2 Products News

PAPERWORLD 2010


Download Area

Polystyrene foam board information
Polyurethane foam or polystyrene foam
Visual comparison of 2 products

M2 Products Customer Login


								Username:
								


								Password:   
								






Home:: Contact M2 Products



Contact Us
				
					M2 Products Ltd is located in Essex just east of London and less than 20 minutes from junction 29 of the M25.
					M25 junction 29 exit (A127) signposted Southend.
					A127 past Basildon. Continue along the A127 under Rayleigh Weir underpass.
					At Southend on Sea sign (beware speed camera) stay in left hand lane to take left hand filter onto Eastwood Industrial Estate (at end of filter lane you will see a Lexus and Mercedes showroom).
					Turn left onto Progress Road and take the 4th turning on the right into Faraday Road— M2 Products is the large grey industrial unit on the left.

M2 PRODUCTS LTD
					Unit 7, Faraday Road
					Off Progress Road
					Leigh on Sea
					Essex 
					SS9 5PR
					United Kingdom 
					

					Tel: 01702 512223
					Fax: 01702 512228
	
					Email: 


Alternatively you can contact us by filling in the form below.

						Email Address:


						Contact Name:


						Telephone No:


						Enquiry:


                        
                        Please type the following characters you see into the box below:




   
						







Home l
					Contact l 
					Site Map l 
					Web Design by Revive Digital Media














M2 Global | Premier Worldwide Supplier of Microwave Products | Precision Manufacturing Services






















  
			





















About

RF Products


Coaxial Circulators


Coaxial Isolators


Drop-In Circulators


Drop-In Isolators


Waveguide Circulators / Isolators


Waveguide Products


Couplers & Dividers


Filters & Diplexers



Manufacturing

Consulting

Continuous Improvement
Training & Methodology
Assessment Services
Strategic Planning
Plans & Strategies
Proof Positive
Associates


Resources

Articles


M2 News


New Product Designs


Published Articles


In The Press


Industry News


Awards & Recognition



Events












M2 Global
RF Microwave Components Division
Precision Manufacturing Division
Lean Manufacturing Consulting Group







latest Articles

Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Recognizes Top Performing Suppliers
June 15, 2016 | M2 Global
Published on www.lockheedmartin.com
Fort Worth, TX
May 25, 2016



McCulloch Winner Carlberg Gets, Gives Back
March 06, 2014 | M2 Global
Published in Target Magazine
Spring 2014 Edition
by M. Steele Brown
For 2013 Mac McCulloch Lifetime Achievement Award Recipient Doug Carlberg, Lean Has Been a Lifelong Journey.




Upcoming Events



RF Microwave, Isolators, Circulators, and Precision Manufacturing














Home
About
RF Products
Manufacturing
Consulting
Resources
Contact















				M2 Global Technology, Ltd.  |  5714 Epsilon  |  San Antonio, TX 78249
				Main Company Number:  (210) 561-4800  |  Fax Number:  (210) 561-4852
				Customer Service: (210) 561-4894
			


 






          
				         
				        
				        
				        
				        
				        
				
			


© 2017. M2 Global, Inc. Website Design by Giles-Parscale Inc.




