







Maintel UK Ltd | Welcome









































Maintel UK Ltd
Business Telephone Systems + Structured Data Cabling Installation and Support























































Welcome to Maintel UK LtdWe supply, install and maintain telecom and data comms equipment for small and large business within the UK. We have an extensive product range which will meet all your telecom and data needs which combined with our first class customer service will keep your business communications working efficiently. We also offer cheaper call rates and greater flexibility for your business by routing your call traffic via our own service and Voice over IP.


















Our ServicesBusiness Telephone Systems (PBX) - we can provide New Installations or Upgrades. Traditional and IP Phone Systems for Small to Large Offices, Hotels, Pubs, Retail Outlets and Call Centres compatible with home workersMaintenance - we can provide cover for your site or multiple sitesInstallation and Relocation - we can install/move Telephone and Data cabling including BT line plant VOIP Solutions - we can assist you in reducing your line rental and help you get greater flexibility and enable home workingTelecom Equipment - our products include phone handset terminals, door entry, fax machines, network switches, routers, servers

















ADSL Line Issues - we can check the internal cabling for your broadband line, check adsl filters and check your adsl signalMultiple Site Management - we can help you manage your telecom and data across multiple sites. Or if you want to rollout a solution to multiple sites we can achieve this quickly and efficientlySolution Rollout -  if you want to rollout a solution to multiple sites we can achieve this quickly and efficiently



















Established in 1990 Maintel UK Ltd has been fulfilling our customers' communication needs for over 20 years. Our product range and staff training stays at the forefront of technology benefiting all our customers both old and new. Our customer base has grown via recommendation by existing customers rather than sales reps and we now have a broad range of clients ranging from one site to over 700. Our larger customers are mainly from the Retail/Leisure industry with  managed estates including a range of sites from small retail outlets and pubs to large hotels.With Full UK coverage we can tailor our services to your requirements.
























© 2012 Maintel UK Ltd Tel UK: 033 0053 9380 Tel: Repubilc of Ireland 01 431 9699  Registered Number: 4526156     VAT Number: GB 595 6294 85 


















 




MAIH.L | Maintel Holdings PLC share price | Fundamentals and charts | IG UK
































































Spread betting & CFDs


Logout


                        My IG
                    






Spread betting & CFDs
Investments
Institutional








IG






    Create account



    Login



Menu

Menu



                            Search
                        







IG Live



Help



Contact






United Kingdom
                            
                            




Search
Search












    Login



    Create account






                        Indices
                        





                                    Indices
                                



                                       Indices trading product details
                                    





                        Shares
                        





                                    Shares
                                



                                       Share trading product details
                                    



                                       Shares DMA
                                    



                                       Extended hours on US stocks
                                    





                        Forex
                        





                                    Forex
                                



                                       Forex trading product details
                                    



                                       Forex Direct
                                    



                                       What is forex?
                                    



                                       How does forex trading work
                                    



                                       How to trade forex with IG
                                    





                        Other markets
                        





                                    Other markets
                                



                                       Digital 100s
                                    



                                       Commodities
                                    



                                       Options
                                    



                                       Interest rates
                                    



                                       Sectors
                                    



                                       Bonds
                                    



                                       Cryptocurrencies
                                    



                                       Sunday trading
                                    





                        IG services
                        





                                    IG services
                                



                                       Spread betting
                                    



                                       CFD trading
                                    



                                       Our charges
                                    



                                       What are the risks?
                                    



                                       IG Community
                                    



                                       What's new at IG?
                                    



                                       Risk management
                                    



                                       Best execution
                                    





                        Trading platforms
                        





                                    Trading platforms
                                



                                       Web platform
                                    



                                       Trading apps
                                    



                                       MetaTrader 4
                                    



                                       Advanced platforms
                                    



                                       Compare features
                                    



                                       Demo account
                                    





                        IG analysis
                        





                                    IG analysis
                                



                                       News and analysis 
                                    



                                       Market data
                                    



                                       The week ahead
                                    



                                       Economic Calendar
                                    



                                       Market Screener
                                    



                                       Trading diary
                                    



                                       IG Live
                                    



                                       Trade of the week
                                    



                                       Morning Call
                                    



                                       Financial events 2017
                                    





                        Education
                        





                                    Education
                                



                                       Learn to trade
                                    



                                       Trading seminars and webinars
                                    



                                       Introduction programme
                                    



                                       Monthly newsletter
                                    



                                       Spread betting: a guide for share traders
                                    



                                       Glossary of trading terms
                                    



                                       IG Academy app
                                    











                                          IG analysis
                            








                                    News and analysis 
                                



                                    Market data
                                



                                    The week ahead
                                



                                    Economic Calendar
                                



                                    Market Screener
                                



                                    Trading diary
                                



                                    IG Live
                                



                                    Trade of the week
                                



                                    Morning Call
                                



                                    Financial events 2017
                                














            All trading involves risk. Losses can exceed deposits.
        




                
                Over 40 years’ heritage
                
            


                
                Over 185,000 clients worldwide
                
            


                
                Over 15,000 markets
                
            








Maintel Holdings PLC

                Change: 0% (0.0 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            













             Open an account now

        



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    











Spread Bet: 
DFB




Spread Bet: 
DFB




CFD: 
-




Stockbroking: 
-












                0%
            

                0.0pts
            


            High: 977.4
            Low: 877.6




Sell
877.6




Buy
977.4












Details for Maintel Holdings PLC DFB



Dealing Minimum size 
    GBP 0.50
 Margin factor 
    25.0%
 Minimum stop distance 
    6
 Min guaranteed stop distance 
    20.0%
 Slippage factor 
    60.0%



Market hours 08:00 - 16:30 (UK - London Local Time)
    




Margin requirements
Your aggregate position in this market will be margined in the following tiers:




Tier
 Position size (GBP) 
Deposit Factor


1
0 - 10
25%


2
10 - 20
40%


3
20 - 30
60%


4
30 +
75%




If your aggregate position is larger than Tier 1, your margin requirement will not be reduced by non-guaranteed stops.
Please note: we have tried to ensure that the information here is as accurate as possible, but it is intended for guidance only and any errors will not be binding on us.




 Expiry  Expiry date 
    06/04/29
 Last dealing date and time 
    06/04/29 16:30



      Settlement
      DFBs settle on the Last Dealing Day at the closing market bid/offer price of the share, plus or minus half the IG spread. 
    


Special info
[Unborrowable]














Maintel Holdings PLC

                Change: 0% (0.0 pts) during the current or most recent trading day
            










                                Already an IG client?
                                Log in to trade






            
                
                
                    All trading involves risk. Losses can exceed deposits.
                
            
        







    

    Buy/Sell

    
        







             Open an account

        
Already an IG client? Log in to trade
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    

















             Find a market to trade

        

This feature requires JavaScript

Share Finder














             Why trade with IG?

        



Free live prices, data
Plus news and opinion from our expert analysts





Over 15,000 global markets
With trading opportunities 24 hours a day





Desktop, mobile, tablet
Seamless functionality with our multi-device platform







Spreads from 0.4 points
Plus tiered margining for even better value





MT4 platform
Superior execution with no third-party bridges





Charts and alerts
Get 100+ technical indicators, plus price alerts on the move 













             Open an account now

        
It’s free to open an account, takes less than five minutes, and there’s no obligation to fund or trade.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    













Client sentiment i

x
The percentage of IG client accounts with positions in this market that are currently long or short. Calculated to the nearest 1%.











100%
                of IG client accounts with open positions in this market expect the price to rise
            

0%
                of IG client accounts with open positions in this market expect the price to fall
            

<10
                IG client accounts have open positions in this market
            



















             Sign up today

        
Open an IG account and start trading today, or test-drive our platform with a risk-free demo.



                Demo account
        



                            Create account
                    










             You might be interested in...

        




Our charges

Our charges are clear and transparent, so you’ll always know what fees to expect.






Charting packages

Use integrated IG charts and access Autochartist packages.






Execution and pricing

Get fast, reliable execution and the best available prices.










































Markets
Forex
Indices
Shares
Other markets









IG services
Spread betting
CFD trading
Share dealing









Trading platforms
Web platform
Trading apps
Advanced platforms
Compare features









IG analysis
The week ahead
Market news
IG Live



















Contact us
New client: 0800 1953100
Clients: 0800 4096789
Tweet us: @IGClientHelp









UK







IG | Sitemap | Terms and agreements | Privacy | IG Community | About IG | Cookies | Refer a friend | Investors








Follow us online:

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google Plus












Spread bets and CFDs are leveraged products and can result in losses that exceed deposits. The value of shares, ETFs and ETCs bought through a share dealing account, a stocks and shares ISA or a SIPP can fall as well as rise, which could mean getting back less than you originally put in. Please ensure you fully understand the risks and take care to manage your exposure.
CFD, share dealing and stocks and shares ISA accounts provided by IG Markets Ltd, spread betting provided by IG Index Ltd. IG is a trading name of IG Markets Ltd (a company registered in England and Wales under number 04008957) and IG Index Ltd (a company registered in England and Wales under number 01190902). Registered address at Cannon Bridge House, 25 Dowgate Hill, London EC4R 2YA. Both IG Markets Ltd (Register number 195355) and IG Index Ltd (Register number 114059) are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Excludes binary bets, where IG Index Ltd is licensed and regulated by the Gambling Commission, reference number 2628. IG Index supports responsible gambling, for information and advice please visit www.gambleaware.co.uk.
The information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States, Belgium or any particular country outside the UK and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to local law or regulation.





















© 2003-2017















Careers | Affiliates











            All trading involves risk. Losses can exceed deposits.
        














Maintel Holdings Plc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 10:56 AM ET
Commercial Services and Supplies

Company Overview of Maintel Holdings Plc



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Maintel Holdings Plc, through its subsidiaries, provides managed communications services for the private and public sectors in the United Kingdom and internationally. It operates through three segments: Telecommunications Managed Service and Technology Sales, Telecommunications Network Services, and Mobile Services. The company provides unified communications, contact center, workforce optimization, local and wide area networking and security, mobile and voice, and managed print services. It also offers cloud services, as well as document solutions. Maintel Holdings Plc was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.


160 Blackfriars RoadSouthwarkLondon,  SE1 8EZUnited KingdomFounded in 1991662 Employees



Phone: 44 344 871 1122

www.maintel.co.uk







Key Executives for Maintel Holdings Plc




Mr. Edward Buxton


      	Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director
      


Age: 56
        

Total Annual Compensation: 254.0K GBP








Mr. Mark Vincent Townsend CA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director
      


Age: 53
        

Total Annual Compensation: 136.0K GBP








Mr. Angus John McCaffery


      	Executive Director
      


Age: 50
        

Total Annual Compensation: 182.0K GBP








Mr. W. Dale Todd


      	Secretary
      


Age: 58
        

Total Annual Compensation: 45.0K GBP








Mr. Kevin Stevens


      	Group Integration & Transformation Director and Executive Director
      


Age: 51
        

Total Annual Compensation: 171.0K GBP





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Maintel Holdings Plc Key Developments

Maintel Holdings Plc, Annual General Meeting, May 15, 2017
Apr 18 17
Maintel Holdings Plc, Annual General Meeting, May 15, 2017, at 09:00 Coordinated Universal Time. Location: company's offices 160 Blackfriars Road London United Kingdom


Maintel Announces Earnings Results for the Year Ended March 2017
Mar 20 17
Maintel announced earnings results for the year ended March 2017. The groups adjusted profit before tax also increased by 52% to £11.1 million with recurring revenue rising to 73%. The company operating cash flow of £10.6 million and underlying cash conversion of 104% of adjusted EBITDA. The group's managed service and technology division delivered a 62% increase in revenue to £64.1 million, with managed services revenue up 45% year on year and technology sales up 88%, both benefiting significantly from the Azzurri acquisition. Mobile revenue increased by 147% to £6.9 million with gross margin increasing to 49% and gross profit increasing from £1.2 million to £3.4 million.


Maintel Mulls Acquisitions
Mar 20 17
Maintel Holdings Plc (AIM:MAI) is looking for acquisitions. "The group is well placed to take advantage of other acquisition opportunities that arise should they complement the existing product set and provide clear value to our shareholders", said the group's Chief Executive Officer, Eddie Buxton.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "A T Promotions Limited Europe 1st Byte Print Limited Europe 1st Credit (Funding) Ltd Europe 1st Main Drain Ltd Europe 1st Option Safety Group Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      August 1, 2017
			    
Intrinsic Technology Limited





Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Maintel Holdings Plc, please visit www.maintel.co.uk.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Oakley Advisory  » Blog Archive  Maintel Holdings Plc - Oakley Advisory



 






































New York
 Berlin London 




Search
Sign Up
Home































Menu











About Us

Our Team


Completed Transactions
Services
News
Contact Us





Maintel Holdings Plc




Oakley advises Maintel on its £48.5m enterprise value reverse takeover of Azzurri
















Sector:


Telecoms




Transaction Type:


Acquisition, ECM, Fundraise




Date:


April 2016




Deal Value:


£48.5m
















Oakley Capital Corporate Finance (“Oakley”), the leading TMT specialist corporate finance firm, has advised Maintel Holdings Plc (“Maintel”; the “Company”) on its proposed conditional acquisition of Azzurri Communications Group (“Azzurri”) at an enterprise value of £48.5 million, and its proposed placing by way of an accelerated bookbuild to raise c.£24 million in order to partially fund the acquisition. The Company is also entering into a new £36 million debt facility with The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. The acquisition constitutes a reverse takeover under Rule 14 of the AIM Rules, and accordingly will require shareholder approval.
The acquisition has a strong strategic and financial rationale, is expected to be immediately earnings enhancing and will be transformational for Maintel. The addition of Azzurri is expected to provide the Company with enhanced scale and visibility, an attractive customer base, a broader product offering and allow further capability expansion. Total annualised cost synergies of £4.6 million are expected by the end of full year 2017.
The transaction was led by Christian Maher, Managing Partner and Chris Brooks, Managing Director, who were supported by Zishaan Arshad, Assistant Director, Victoria Boxall, Assistant Director, Marc Horn, Senior Associate, Simon Porter, Analyst and Hannah Dodds, Investor Relations Manager. Oakley acted as the sole financial adviser to Maintel on the M&A side, running the entire process from end-to-end; on the equity fundraise, Oakley’s ECM team advised alongside finnCap.
Christian Maher commented:
“We are immensely proud to have advised Maintel, a longstanding client of Oakley’s, on this landmark transaction in the dynamic managed communication landscape. The combination of our M&A and ECM capabilities to deliver a reverse takeover funded by an equity and debt raise is testament to the team’s breadth and experience.”
 
For more information, please contact:
Christian Maher – Managing Partner
Chris Brooks – Managing Director
Zishaan Arshad – Assistant Director
Victoria Boxall – Assistant Director
Hannah Dodds – Investor Relations Manager
020 7766 6900
*Completed as Oakley Capital Corporate Finance




Back to completed transactions









Related Transactions























Zegona Communications 


Deal Value: €701m
May 2017


Sector: Telecoms

Disposal














Gigaclear plc 


Deal Value: £110.6m
Apr 2017


Sector: Telecoms

Fundraise














Lyceum Capital 


Deal Value: £50m
Feb 2017


Sector: Telecoms

Acquisition














Daisy Intermediate Holdings Ltd 


Deal Value: £165m
Dec 2016


Sector: Telecoms

Acquisition














Metronet (UK) 


Deal Value: £47.5m
Oct 2016


Sector: Telecoms

Acquisition














Modrus Limited 


Deal Value: £13m
Aug 2016


Sector: Telecoms

Disposal














Wavenet Limited 


Deal Value: £35m
Aug 2016


Sector: Telecoms

Acquisition














Optimity Limited 


Deal Value: Undisclosed
June 2016


Sector: Telecoms

Fundraise














Southern Communications Limited 


Deal Value: Undisclosed
May 2016


Sector: Telecoms

Fundraise














KCOM Group PLC 


Deal Value: £90m
Dec 2015


Sector: Telecoms

Disposal



















Get in touch:


+44 (0) 20 7766 6900
info@oakleyadvisory.com
















 © Oakley Advisory 2017.
Legal Notice
Design Agency: Edge Design 






 




Home
About Us
Services
Completed Transactions
Contact Us





Sign up to receive our News Updates:

























 © Oakley Advisory 2017.
Legal Notice
Design Agency: Edge Design 











Registered in England and Wales. Company Number 9536762. Registered Office 3 Cadogan Gate, London, SW1X 0AS. Oakley Advisory Limited (FRN: 697853) is an Appointed Representative of Oakley Capital Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN: 195029)
















This site uses cookiesNo problemMore info



