Partner Communications Company Ltd (ADR): NASDAQ:PTNR quotes & news - Google FinanceMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreDocsBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinancePartner Communications Company Ltd (ADR)(NASDAQ:PTNR)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Partner Communications Company Ltd (ADR)  (Public, NASDAQ:PTNR)  
Watch this stock
 




















5.01


+0.10
(2.04%)





Real-time:
 

9:54AM EDT



NASDAQ
real-time data -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

5.00 - 5.01



52 week

4.11 - 6.41



Open

5.00



Vol / Avg.

846.00/7,216.00



Mkt cap

878.35M



P/E

31.92



Div/yield

    -



EPS

0.16



Shares

169.45M



Beta

1.81



Inst. own

7%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Partner Communications Company Ltd (ADR) »

Subscribe






Advertisement




Events




Add PTNR to my calendars





Aug 16, 2017
Q2 2017 Partner Communications Company Ltd Earnings Call
- 10:00AM EDT -






Aug 16, 2017
Q2 2017 Partner Communications Company Ltd Earnings Release






May 22, 2017
Q1 2017 Partner Communications Company Ltd Earnings Call -






May 22, 2017
Q1 2017 Partner Communications Company Ltd Earnings Release





More events from DailyFinance » 
  



Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
6.35%
1.47%

Operating margin
10.96%
5.45%

EBITD margin
-
21.39%

Return on average assets
3.97%
0.97%

Return on average equity
17.97%
4.88%

Employees
2,580
-

CDP Score
-

-


Screen stocks with similar metrics »

Address
8 Amal Street, Afeq Industrial Park P.O. Box 435ROSH HA'AYIN, 4809229Israel+972-7-47077858 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.partner.co.il



External links

Analyst Estimates - MarketWatch
SEC Filings - EDGAR Online
Major Holders - MSN Money
Research Reports - Reuters















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view



Volume delayed by 15 mins.Prices are not from all markets.

Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel







Sector: Telecommunications Services > Industry: Wireless Telecom

More from FactSet »










Description




Partner Communications Company Ltd. is a telecommunications company. The Company is engaged in the business of cellular telephony, provided on its second generation (2G), third generation (3G) and fourth generation (4G) networks. It operates through two segments: cellular segment and fixed-line segment. Its products and services are marketed under the Partner brand. The Company's cellular business segment includes basic cellular telephony services, text messaging, data, airtime, interconnect, roaming, content services and other value added services. The fixed-line segment includes a range of services provided over fixed-line networks, including Internet service provider (ISP) services, business information storage in a data center and cloud services. The Company also provides wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi) networks and fixed-line voice communication services. In addition, the fixed-line segment includes sales of related equipment. It also offers anti-virus and anti-spam filtering.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Adam Chesnoff

Chairman of the Board





Age: 51

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Isaac Benbenisti

Chief Executive Officer





Age: 51

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Yuval Keinan

Deputy Chief Executive Officer





Age: 41

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Elon Shalev

Vice Chairman of the Board





Age: 65

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

David Mizrahi

Chief Financial Officer





Age: 47

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Nomi Sandhaus

Vice President, General Counsel, Corporate Secretary and Regulatory Affairs





Age: 58

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Einat Rom

Vice President - Human Resources & Administration





Age: 50

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Atara Litvak Shacham

Vice President-Marketing and Growth Engines Division





Age: 44

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Ronit Rubin

Vice President-Business Customer division





Age: 51

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters

Zvika Shenfeld

Vice President-Private Customers (Retail) Division





Age: 43

Bio & Compensation
 - Reuters



Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service


Partner Communications Company Ltd (PTNR.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Partner Communications Company Ltd (PTNR.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTelecommunications ServicesWireless Telecommunications Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				PTNR.O on Nasdaq


				4.90USD
2 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$4.90


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

5,181




52-wk High

$6.41


52-wk Low

$4.11












					Full Description



Partner Communications Company Ltd., incorporated on September 29, 1997, is a telecommunications company. The Company is engaged in the business of cellular telephony, provided on its second generation (2G), third generation (3G) and fourth generation (4G) networks. The Company is engaged in providing a range of cellular and fixed-line telecommunication services. The Company operates through two segments: cellular segment and fixed-line segment. The Company offers its subscribers a range of products and services to address their communications needs, as well as a range of tariff plans. The Company's products and services are marketed under the Partner brand.The Company's cellular business segment includes basic cellular telephony services, text messaging, data, airtime, interconnect, roaming, content services and other value added services. The Company's services are provided over its cellular network, including wholesale services to other operators, as well as equipment and device sales. As of December 31, 2015, the Company had approximately 2,718 thousand cellular subscribers. The Company's basic offer includes cellular telephony services, text messaging, data, airtime, interconnect, roaming, international dialing, voice mail, call waiting, call forwarding, caller identification, conference calling, short message services (SMS), network services (such as virtual private network (VPN) and funtone), fax transmission, mobile broadband and other services as a mobile portal of content services and applications. Its services are provided over its cellular network, including wholesale services to other operators, as well as equipment and device sales. In addition to standard mobile value-added services, it offers a range of value-added services, including various content services, 4G television video content, a range of television and music applications, backup and synchronizing services, and vehicle fleet management. It offers its customers roaming services abroad. It offers data only packages, as well as packages that combine calls, data and SMS. The equipment and devices sales in the cellular segment include sales of cellular handsets, cellular modems, tablets, laptops and related accessories, as well as handset maintenance and spare parts through the Company's repair services and labs. It also sells a range of digital audio visual equipment, including televisions, digital cameras, games consoles, media streamers, earphones and other related equipment.The fixed-line segment includes a range of services provided over fixed-line networks, including Internet service provider (ISP) services that provide access to the Internet (both infrastructure and ISP services), business information storage in a data center and cloud services. The Company also provides wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi) networks, including certain value added services, and fixed-line voice communication services provided through voice over broadband (VOB), and session initiation protocol (SIP) voice trunks; transmission services and primary rate interface (PRI), and international long distance (ILD) services, outgoing and incoming international telephony, hubbing, roaming and signaling and calling card services. In addition, the fixed-line segment includes sales of related equipment. It offers additional value added services, such as anti-virus and anti-spam filtering. It also offers a bundled package that includes infrastructure and ISP services. It offers international telephony services, including direct international dialing services, international and domestic pre-paid and post-paid calling cards, and call-back services. It offers its business customers international toll-free numbers that offer fixed rates on calls from anywhere in the world.The Company provides fixed-line transmission and data capacity services. The Company's fixed-line capacity also includes capacity, which it leases from other fixed-line telecommunications service providers, as well as inland fiber optic infrastructure and complimentary microwave radio links. It offers services, including primarily connectivity services, on Synchronous Digital Hierarchy (SDH) transmission network. The VOB service allows business and residential customers to make and receive telephone calls over the Internet through an Internet connection. In addition to standard fixed-line value-added services, it offers a range of value-added services that include defense and security services for the computer and e-mail that include parental monitoring control, firewall, Web hosting, anti-virus and site filtering based on the customer's restriction definition, and other value added Internet services, including hosting, cloud-based hosted services and virtual switchboard. Equipment and devices sales in the fixed line segment include sale of landline phones, modems, domestic routers, servers, smartboxes and related equipment, media streamers, WI-FI-only tablets and other telecommunications and audio-visual devices and accessories to fixed-line segment customers.The Company competes with Palestine Telecommunication Co. Ltd., Golan Telecom International Ltd., Bezeq-The Israel Telecommunication Corp., Ltd., Cellcom Israel Ltd., Xphone 018 Ltd., Telzar International Telecommunication Service Ltd, Home Cellular Ltd., Hashikma N.G.N International Communications 015 Ltd., Hashikma Communications Marketing Ltd., Xfone, Pelephone Communications Ltd., Altice Group and Israel Broadband Company.

» Full Overview of PTNR.O







					Company Address



Partner Communications Company Ltd
8 Amal Street,  Afeq Industrial P.O. Box 435ROSH HA'AYIN      4809229
F: +9727.47077858







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Adam Chesnoff

--




							 Isaac Benbenisti

5,590,000




							 Yuval Keinan

--




							 Elon Shalev

--




							 David Mizrahi

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Partner Communications Company Ltd News




BRIEF-Abadon Real Estate unit signs construction contracts with Murapol

Jul 19 2017 
BRIEF-Partner Communications reports interest rate for Series D notes

Jul 04 2017 
BRIEF-Partner Communications considering issuance of bonds solely in Israel through new bond series

Jul 03 2017 
Israeli mobile firm Partner launches TV service

Jun 27 2017 
BRIEF-Azimut Holding's Swiss subsidiary AZ Swiss & Partners to acquire SDB Financial Solutions

Jun 26 2017 


» More PTNR.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTelecommunications ServicesWireless Telecommunications Services























Partner Communications Company - Wikipedia






















 






Partner Communications Company

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Partner Communications Company Ltd.
חברת פרטנר תקשורת בע"מ‎





Type

Public


Traded as
TASE: PTNR
NASDAQ: PTNR


Industry
Telecommunications


Founded
1999 (1999)


Founder
Hutchison Telecommunications International Limited, Elbit and Eurocom


Headquarters
Rosh HaAyin, Israel



Area served

Israel



Key people

Isaac Benbenisti (CEO)


Products
GSM, GPRS, UMTS, DC-HSPA+, LTE


Revenue



₪897 million (2016)[1]
₪1,044 million (2015)






Operating income




₪692 million (2016)
₪757 million (2015)






Net income




₪26 million (2016)
₪9 million (2015)





Owner
Free float (69.8%)
S.B. Israel Telecom (30.2%)


Website
www.partner.co.il


Partner Communications Company Ltd. (Hebrew: חברת פרטנר תקשורת בע"מ‎‎) doing business as Partner (Hebrew: פרטנר‎‎), formerly known as Orange Israel (Hebrew: אורנג' ישראל‎‎), is a mobile network operator, internet Wi-Fi and fixed telephony service provider in Israel. It was formerly operating under the Orange brand name until 16 February 2016.
The company’s shares are traded on NASDAQ and the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, where it is a constituent of the TA-25 Index; since August 2009, Scailex Corporation (owned by businessman Ilan Ben Dov) controls 51% of its shares.[2]



Contents


1 Operations
2 Network
3 Brand ownership
4 History

4.1 Founding shareholders
4.2 2001 IPO
4.3 Hutchison takes full control
4.4 Sale to Scailex Corporation
4.5 Acquisition of 012 Smile


5 See also
6 References
7 External links



Operations[edit]
Partner Communications commenced full commercial operations in January 1999 and by 31 March 2001 had over 1 million subscribers, representing an estimated 21% of the cellular market in Israel at that time.[3] As of June 2016 it has 2.7 million subscribers.[4]
The prefix (area code) for Partner customers is 054, although customers who requested to keep their old number from a different cellular company may have a different area code, as required by law.[5]
On 15 January 2007 Partner was granted a license to provide terrestrial telecommunications nationwide which gives it the option to operate a wired telephony; initially the service was provided for large businesses only.
On 1 January 2009, the company commercially launched its ISP services and Landline services (based on the Session Initiation Protocol) for private users and small businesses. These services rely on the combination of Nokia Siemens Network core services and Siemens Gigaset residential gateway. The combination of these allowed Partner to launch several unique services such as multiple calls on a single line, or *77 which allows users to choose whether to answer an incoming call on their home phone or their Orange mobile phone.
Network[edit]
The Partner network utilizes GSM (900 MHz/1800 MHz), UMTS (900/2100 MHz) technology and for 3G services; an HSPA+ network that currently covers over 90% of the country, as well as an LTE network (1800 MHz).
Users of the network can use advanced services all over the world due to roaming agreements with 350 GSM and 130 UMTS international networks. 23% of the network users are business customers, 29% are pre-paid customers and the rest are private post-paid customers.

Frequencies used on the Partner Network

Frequency
Band
number
Protocol
Class


900 MHz
8
GSM/GPRS/EDGE
2G


1800 MHz
3


900 MHz
8
UMTS/HSPA+
3G


2100 MHz
1


1800 MHz
3
LTE
4G


Brand ownership[edit]






Orange logo used until 16 February 2016.



Further information: Orange Business Services § History, Orange (UK) § History, and Orange SA § History
The 'Orange' brand that the company uses under license, belongs to Orange S.A. (formerly France Télécom), which is not related to the current owners of Partner. Orange decided to let Partner keep using the name because of the network's wide commercial success and brand recognition, with a deal running through 2025,[6] at a rate of NIS 15 million per year.[7] This situation occurred following the sale of the Orange Group by Hutchison Whampoa, which did not include the holding in Hutchison Telecom.
In June 2015 the CEO of Orange, Stephane Richard, stated he would cancel his licensing deal with Israel tomorrow if he was able to.[8] In the following days Richard stated his comments were taken out of context and he supported his deal with Israel and intended to maintain the deal.[9] Richard later clarified his statements stating his comments were not politically motivated and meant only that he wished Orange to only be in countries which they operated and not licensing the name.[10] On 12 June Richard visited Israel and met with Benjamin Netanyahu to personally apologize and to commit to their future partnership with Israel.[11]
On 30 June 2015, Orange and Partner announced a change to their 10-year licensing agreement. Orange paid Partner NIS 168 million, to add an opt out clause to the contract,[12] with which Partner intends to conduct a market survey which is determine the best course of action moving forward.[13] In the first year only Partner can opt out, with either party being able to opt out in the second year.[14] Regardless of which party opts to exercise the out clause, Orange will pay partner an additional NIS 210 million to end the arrangement.[15] Orange stated that the money paid to Partner was purely for re-branding purposes and affirmed their previous statement that their wish to leave Israel is based on desire to discontinue license agreements and maintain only subsidiaries that they control, rather than a boycott.[16] Orange would make the relevant payments over the course of two years and charge it to their books as a mix of marketing, sales, customer services and related expenses.[17] As part of the agreement Orange's research and development activities within Israel would transition to the Orange name, but would be restricted from entering the telecommunications services market.[18]
On 11 February 2016, the new logo of Partner was unveiled.[19] Partner officially began using their own brand on 16 February 2016.[20]
History[edit]
Partner was founded in 1999 and was the third mobile network operator to enter the Israeli market, competing with the two incumbent operators - Cellcom (Founded 1994) and Pelephone (Founded 1986). When it was announced that the Ministry of Telecommunication would grant a third cellular network license it was thought that there is no room for another company; hence only two companies responded to the tender: Partner, and a group called "Tapuz". After losing its bid, Tapuz (which incidentally means "Orange" in Hebrew) became a part of Partner.
When it started operating in 1999, Partner was the first GSM cellular network in Israel (the others were using CDMA, TDMA, or iDEN technologies at that time), it allowed Israeli consumers to use their phones in other locations in the world with a similar network. The network was branded under the name "Orange" which was an international brand registered under the name of Hutchison Whampoa Hong-Kong, which was the major initial investor in the company.[21] The successful launch and promotion of the Orange brand is considered one of the best advertising efforts undertaken in Israel.
Founding shareholders[edit]




Partner HQ in Afek Industrial Park


The initial shareholders in the consortium that bid for the third cellular network license in Israel, in addition to Hutchison Telecom, were Elbit, MATAV (now part of HOT), Eurocom and Polar Communications.
2001 IPO[edit]
In November 1999, only 11 months after it began operating, Partner had an initial public offering on NASDAQ and the London Stock Exchange; the shares were listed under the symbol PTNR on NASDAQ and under the symbol PCCD on the London Stock Exchange. The company raised $604m, enabling the initial investor consortium to recoup a significant portion of their investment swiftly.[22]
In 2001 the shares were also listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange under the symbol PTNR and became a constitute of the TA-25 Index.
Hutchison takes full control[edit]
Through the years, the ownership of Partner Communications changed dramatically. The original Israeli partners sold the majority of their shares and eventually held only a small percentage of the company. Other than the public, the biggest shareholder became Hutchison Telecom (51.6%). The Egyptian company Orascom bought 20% of Hucthison, and as a result, held 9.99% of Partner's shares indirectly.
Sale to Scailex Corporation[edit]
During 2009 Hutchison decided to exit their investment in Partner and sold their 51% controlling stake to businessman Ilan Ben-Dov, who made his fortune holding the exclusive rights to market the Samsung mobile phones in Israel. The company was sold to Scailex Corporation (a company controlled by Ben-Dov) for NIS 5.29 billion (about USD $1.38 billion).
Acquisition of 012 Smile[edit]
In 2010, Partner acquired 012 Smile Telecom for NIS 1.45 billion, in the largest non-real-estate deal in Israel that year.[23] 012 Smile was itself the product of a 2006 merger between 012 Golden Lines and Internet Gold's Smile Communications.[24]
See also[edit]

Hutchison Telecommunications International
Communications in Israel
List of mobile network operators of Israel
Golan Telecom

References[edit]


^ Partner Q2 2016 Results (English)
^ "Ilan Ben-Dov Buys Controlling Interest of Partner". Calcalist. August 12, 2009. Retrieved 2009-08-18. 
^ Investor Releases - Fact Sheet Q1 2001.pdf (PDF) 
^ https://www.partner.co.il/globalassets/global/quarterly_update_q2_2016.pdf
^ Phone, Internet and TV
^ Richard to Netanyahu: 'Orange doesn't participate in boycotts of Israel
^ Orange to pay Partner up to €90m
^ Orange CEO sows confusion on Israel trip aimed to resolve dispute
^ French telecom exec says company wants to keep investing in Israel
^ Orange CEO says his company plans to invest more in Israel
^ French Executive Apologizes to Netanyahu After His Remarks Prompt an Uproar
^ Israeli Co. to Be Paid Millions After Orange Faux Pas
^ Israeli affiliate to stop using Orange name in 24 months under new deal
^ Orange Group and Partner Communications outline new relationship framework agreement
^ Orange, Partner pave way for cutting ties following BDS controversy
^ Telecom giant Orange to end Israel presence within 2 years
^ Orange Redoes Brand Licensing Agreement With Partner Costs Up To $100 Million If It Leaves Israel
^ Orange strikes new deal with Partner Communications
^ "שלום אורנג', נעים מאד פרטנר: ככה נראה הלוגו החדש". 
^ Israeli cellphone firm now using own brand after Orange split
^ Orange CEO Backtracks on Cutting Israel Ties
^ J.P. Morgan announces Partner Communications' $604 million ADR IPO on Nasdaq; Israeli mobile telephone company founded by Hutchison Whampoa, marketed under The Orange Brand., Business Wire, --November 1, 1999-- 
^ http://www.jpost.com/Business/Business-News/Partner-completes-takeover-of-012-Smile-Telecom
^ http://www.haaretz.com/news/internet-gold-buying-60-of-012-golden-lines-from-eliezer-fishman-1.191924


External links[edit]

Partner official website (in Hebrew)







v
t
e


 Israeli mobile phone companies



Major network operators



Pelephone
Cellcom
Partner
Hot Mobile
Golan Telecom





Mobile virtual network operators



Rami Levy
Home Cellular
019 Telzar
Cellact












v
t
e


 Companies of the TA-25 Index companies of Israel






Avner Oil Exploration
Azrieli Group
Bezeq
Cellcom
Delek
Delek Drilling
Elbit Systems
FIBI
Frutarom
Gazit-Globe
Hapoalim
Israel Chemicals
Israel Corporation
Israel Discount Bank
Isramco
Leumi
Mizrahi Tefahot
NICE
OPKO Health
Ormat Technologies
Osem
Paz Oil Company
Perrigo Company
Strauss Group
Teva










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Partner_Communications_Company&oldid=786334226"					
Categories: Mobile phone companies of IsraelIsraeli companies listed on the London Stock ExchangeCompanies listed on NASDAQIsraeli brandsInternet service providers of IsraelHidden categories: Articles containing Hebrew-language textPages using deprecated image syntaxArticles with Hebrew-language external links 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


ČeštinaفارسیעבריתРусский 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 18 June 2017, at 20:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Communication Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports








Communication Services Company Research Reports


Communication Services Companies deliver communication services over a network infrastructure. The businesses and occupations these organizations (both open-end companies and private firms) are engaged in include, among others, telecommunications (landline and cellular), the Net, cable, satellite-aided, or managed services. Communication Services Companies’ categories are diverse: telecom carriers, content deliverers, applications service providers (ASP), satellite operators, cable and cloud-based services providers, etc.
To stay competitive, companies in the marketplace have to ceaselessly stick to enhancing OP (operational excellence), besides maximizing their profit and cash flows. ATT, France Telecom (FTE) and Verizon fall within those Communication Services Companies that set the scene.
The research reports in this Catalogue discuss various Communication Services Companies, covering their operations, structure, products/services, prospects, locations and performance divisions, major executives, as well as competitors. Besides, SWOT information and the most prominent developments having lately affected the businesses are limelighted in the research reports. Keen insights into the companies’ revenue, growth trends, profitability measures, liquidity and financial leverage policies, efficiency and cost ratios, and far more are offered in the research reports as well.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Communication Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Omi Advisories
                        Ovum
                        Renub Research
                    



                            Found
                                 1091 publications                    



Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports





Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
P1E7A1D8A62B1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of Partner Communications Company Ltd. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of Partner Communications Company Ltd. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key Partner Communications Company Ltd. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 PARTNER COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY LTD. - OVERVIEW

1.1 Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Business Description
1.2 Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Milestones and History

2 PARTNER COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY LTD. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 PARTNER COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY LTD. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 PARTNER COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY LTD. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 PARTNER COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY LTD. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Strengths
5.2 Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Weaknesses
5.3 Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Opportunities
5.4 Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Threats

6 PARTNER COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY LTD. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 Partner Communications Company Ltd. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 PARTNER COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY LTD. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 PARTNER COMMUNICATIONS COMPANY LTD. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Key Facts 
Table 2: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Milestones and History 
Table 4: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Key Executives 
Table 5: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Products and Services
Table 8: Partner Communications Company Ltd. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Profitability 
Table 10: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: Partner Communications Company Ltd. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: Partner Communications Company Ltd. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: Partner Communications Company Ltd. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Datron World Communications, Inc.: Aerospace and Defense - Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
US$ 125.00
Aug, 2015 · 16 pages


Oxford Advanced Surfaces Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Visual Frontier Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Beijing Media Corp. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages


Hindalco Industries Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
Partner Communications Company Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:





















Partner Communications Company Ltd (PTNR.OQ)  Key Developments | Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Partner Communications Company Ltd (PTNR.OQ)











Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTelecommunications ServicesWireless Telecommunications Services













                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				PTNR.OQ on NASDAQ Stock Exchange Global Select Market


				5.01USD
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.10


					            (+2.04%)
					        






Prev Close

$4.91


Open

$5.00




Day's High

$5.01


Day's Low

$5.00




Volume

630


Avg. Vol

1,286




52-wk High

$6.41


52-wk Low

$4.30











					Latest Key Developments (Source: Significant Developments)




Partner Communications says to reduce about 90 positions
Monday, 12 Dec 2016 09:01am EST 
Partner Communications Company Ltd  : Cost of 2018 economic chapter is estimated at approximately nis 23 million . Partner communications company ltd - cost of 2018 economic chapter is estimated at about nis 23 million . Partner communications co - as a result of retirement plan, estimates that onetime expense will be recorded in q4 of 2016 in amount of about nis 12 million . Agreement includes an economic chapter that is valid for years 2017 and 2018 . Company undertakes to reduce approximately 90 positions . Cost of 2017 economic chapter estimated approximately nis 7 million in addition to implementation of 2016 economic chapter . Company undertakes to reduce approximately 90 positions, mainly as part of retirement plan . Total estimated amount of expense in 2017 is expected to be higher than 2016 by about nis 17 million .Partner Communications announces it has reached understandings with the employees' representatives and the histadrut regarding the collective employment agreement. 
			
Full Article





Partner Communications says Q2 total revenue NIS 897 mln
Wednesday, 17 Aug 2016 02:40am EDT 
Partner Communications Company Ltd  : Q2 total revenues NIS 897 million . Q2 EPS NIS 0.17 . Continue to see a decrease in post-paid subscriber churn .Churn rate for cellular subscribers stood at 9.8% in q2 of 2016 compared to 10.9% in q2 of 2015. 
			
Full Article





Partner Communications Company Ltd announces receiving two lawsuits and motions for recognition of these lawsuits as class actions
Thursday, 7 Jan 2016 08:55am EST 
Partner Communications Company Ltd:Received two lawsuits and motions for recognition of these lawsuits as class actions that were filed against Partner.First claim alleges that Partner charges its customers, while they are abroad, for incoming calls that are transferred to voice mail. The lawsuit was filed against Partner on December 29, 2015 in the Tel-Aviv -Jaffa District Court.If lawsuit is recognized as a class action, total amount claimed against Partner is estimated by plaintiff to be about NIS 70 million. 
			
Full Article





Previous
Next














					Partner Communications Company Ltd News



BRIEF-Abadon Real Estate unit signs construction contracts with Murapol
* ITS UNIT, PARTNER SA, SIGNS CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT WITH MURAPOL PROJEKT FOR ABOUT 14.7
MILLION ZLOTYS IN TYCHY​

» More PTNR.OQ News






 Earnings vs.  Estimates





» More Financials















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTelecommunications ServicesWireless Telecommunications Services





















  PTNR:Tel Aviv Stock Quote - Partner Communications Co Ltd - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Partner Communications Co Ltd   PTNR:IT   Tel Aviv        1,795.00ILs   10.00   0.55%     As of 10:24 AM EDT 8/3/2017     Open   1,800.00    Day Range   1,781.00 - 1,818.00    Volume   846,779    Previous Close   1,805.00    52Wk Range   1,682.00 - 2,384.00    1 Yr Return   -1.75%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1,800.00    Day Range   1,781.00 - 1,818.00    Volume   846,779    Previous Close   1,805.00    52Wk Range   1,682.00 - 2,384.00    1 Yr Return   -1.75%    YTD Return   -2.82%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   31.61    Earnings per Share (ILS) (TTM)   0.57    Market Cap (b ILs)   3.064    Shares Outstanding  (m)   169.453    Price/Sales (TTM)   0.83    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Telecommunication Services   % Price Change -0.02%     Industry Telecommunication Services   % Price Change -0.02%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/30/2017   Partner Communications Announces That S&P Maalot Has Affirmed the Company's ilA+/Stable Credit Rating     7/27/2017   Partner Communications to Release Second Quarter 2017 Results on August 16, 2017     7/4/2017   Partner Communications Reports the Interest Rate for the Series D Notes for the Period Commencing on July 1, 2017 and Ending on     6/27/2017   Partner Communications Announces the Launch of Its TV Services     6/25/2017   Partner Communications Announces the Early Repayment of Loans     5/29/2017   Partner Communications Announces Netflix and Partner Communications Collaborate in Israel     5/22/2017   Partner Communications Reports First Quarter 2017 Results1     5/8/2017   Partner Communications to Release First Quarter 2017 Results on May 22, 2017     4/9/2017   Partner Communications Announces Receiving a Lawsuit and a Motion for the Recognition of This Lawsuit as a Class Action     4/3/2017   Partner Communications Reports the Interest Rate for the Series D Notes for the Period Commencing on March 31, 2017 and Ending    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Partner Communications Company Ltd. is a global systems for mobile communications (GSM) mobile telephone network operator in Israel.  The Company, offers voice mail, voice messaging, information services, and data and fax transmission services.    Address  8 Amal StreetPO Box 4Rosh Ha'Ayin, 48103Israel   Phone  972-54-781-4888   Website   www.orange.co.il     Executives Board Members    Isaac Benbenisti  Chief Executive Officer    David Mizrahi "Dudu"  Chief Financial Officer    Yuval Keinan  Deputy CEO    Hadar Vismunski-Weinberg  VP/Chief Legal Counsel/Secy    Einat Rom  VP:Human Resources     Show More         







Home - Partner Communications Cooperative













































































877-433-7701
customercare@pcctel.net
 

 Contact Us
 Pay Your Bill
 Check E-mail
 Tech Support
  
 
 












Select Page


  
 



 



 














WIDE OPEN NOW! MEGACOOL SPEED BOOST

Start the school year with “WIDE OPEN NOW!” speed boost for one of our top internet plans. You’ll have the coolest house on the block, with an unbelievably fast connection for multiple users, multiple devices, and multiple applications.

Slow internet is so yesterday. Partner Communications Cooperative has the speed you need for today (and tomorrow).
CALL 1-877-433-7701 FOR  WIDE OPEN NOW! SPEED BOOST! 

Learn more
 

 
 






Skitter TV PRIME

Add Skitter TV Prime get Starz_Encore Free 6 mos.
 
Available through your local communications company – the same folks you rely on for exceptional
Internet and phone service, right in your community!ll the advanced features to watch TV the way you want..
A price you can afford for a lineup that meets your viewing needs…
Call 1-877-433-7701 now with Free Standard installation! 

Learn more
 

 
 





More Devices require Higher Speed Internet, No Limits, No Data Caps!

Fast Internet!
 

 
 






NOW OFFERING ELECTRICAL SERVICES! 



NEW HOME ELECTRICAL CONSTRUCTION AND RENOVATIONS
Electrical panel upgrades for home, & farm buildings
Kitchen and bath electrical installation
Installation of Commercial electrical lighting fixtures and LED lighting upgrades indoors and outdoors
NEED A BID ON YOUR ELECTRICAL PROJECT, CALL 1-877-433-7701 ask for JEFF!



Electrical Services
 

 
 






SmartLink Automation for Home, Business & Farm!

SmartLink Home, Business & Farm automation and monitoring is a great way to keep tabs on what’s going on at home and on the farm, make your life easier and even save money!

Learn more
 

 
 
 
 
 




Welcome to Partner Communications

 
 
 



We provide communication and automation services to communities in east-central Iowa. Partner Communications is dedicated to connecting our members to the world, through advanced broadband technology, and providing world class technical support delivering superior customer service, innovation, and quality.

 
 

       The web  Our website   
 
 
 
 




Our Services

 
 
 





 
 




 
 




 
 




 
 
 
 




The Latest News
Partner Communications is launching Skitter TV over its broadband network. Skitter TV is all digital 99% HD programming services that is delivered to your home over our broadband network. Throw that dish away! Rural customer’s outside the city limits in the fiber to the home areas or broadband service areas that qualify, will be able to receive Skitter TV.

 
Learn more

 

Sign-up for updates!




Name


E-mail





Submit



 
 
 
 
 




Facebook Page updates
                              				1 week ago			    Partner Pro Tech Services from Partner Communications's cover photo                         LIKE    LOVE    HAHA    WOW    SAD    ANGRY             View on facebook                 « ‹  1 of 								93							  › »             

 
 


SmartLink Services in action



 
 


 


 





 
 
 
 
  
 

 
 
 
 




























  




    



	Partner- חבילות סלולר, אינטרנט ביתי ומכשירים סלולריים





















Hello 
Log out


registration / Login 


Private Account



            Languages
            


עברית
English
Русский
العربية


Jobs

Accessibility
















Our products




My Account




Service and support


























                        Special offers  
                    




Cellular deals




Household internet deals




Home phone deals




Device deals







                        Cellular  
                    




Internet packages




wifi calling




Loadable big talk cards







                        Household internet and home phone  
                    




Partner’s household internet




Partner’s home phone




Technician-free internet







                        Abroad  
                    




International call packages




Calling from Israel abroad




Calling from Israel abroad without a package




Prepaid calls abroad 







                        Applications  
                    




PartnerGuard




CyberGuard




Supplementary internet services




Supplementary telephone services




All applications







                        Devices and accessories  
                    




Devices




Accessories




SmartUp











                        My Partner  
                    




Sign in/register to the website




My Partner application







                        Managing my account  
                    




Operations in my account




SIM activation











                        Household internet  
                    




Instructions for operating lines 




Instructions for operating lines 




Internet speed test







                        Devices  
                    




Instructions for operating devices




Device repairs




Rapid device repairs




Status of a device being repaired







                        Contact US  
                    




Chat service




sms service




Service centers and repair labs




Telephone call centers




Complaints officer







                        General Information  
                    




Partner’s 4G network




General terms and forms




Search for a telephone number




Partner’s 4G network










  >  
lobby








Partner Investors relations








Main



Company information



News


Presentations


Press Releases 2006 – Jun 2016


press releases









Financial Information


Debt


Financial Report


Dividend Information


Stock Information




Analyst Coverage









Corporate Governance


Board of Directors


Company Articles of Association


Code of Ethics




Board Committees









Social Responsibility


Community Involvement


Quality, Environmental, Health and Safety


Workplace and Human Rights









Investor Tools


Investor Calendar


IR Presentations


Email Alerts









FAQ




Contact us




Site Feedback














you are here:  
Partner
>
Investors Relations







Why Partner?

A leading communications group providing services that include mobile cellular telephony, fixed-line telephony, international telephony, internet services, transmission, data communications, and PRI.
The group operates through strong communications brands: Partner and 012 Smile.
A major cellular operator commanding approximately 27% of the Israeli market.
First to introduce 4G services in Israel
Superior customer service and operational excellence.
Strategic agreement for network sharing with HOT Mobile
S.B. Israel Telecom Ltd., an affiliate of Saban Capital Group, Inc.,  a global private investment firm specializing in media, entertainment and communications, holds approximately 30% of the share capital of the Company.










Annual Report


Partner at a glance, recent developments, strategy, stock performance and financial results for the last year.
more details






Stock Information



 Partner's stock information
more details

 




Press Releases



All of company's immediate reports to the public.
more details






Contact Us



General queries about Partner and investor related queries.
more details

























































