

Satcom Web Site - Access Control & Time Attendance System


















Test


CompanyProducts & ServicesContact UsLogin








Access Control & Time Attendance SystemCCTV Surveillance SystemDoorphone / Intercom SystemIntruder Alarm SystemPatrol SystemAuto Gate System




Access Control & Time Attendance System






ACSoftXP Access Control & Time Attendance Management 
Software
More Information ...








ACS-02E-S Access Control & Time Attendenance System
More Information ...








EXP-06E Single Door Access Controller
More Information ...








EXP-06E-2D Two Doors Access Controller
More Information ...








CPA-01 Car Access Controller
More Information ...



"ACS" Proximity Readers & Cards
More Information ...


"iCard" Contactless Smart Card Readers & Cards
More Information ...
zeta        producer -   Desktop      Content   Management      at         its  best!








© Copyright by Satcom Systems Engineering Co., Ltd. 2005 - 2006
Last update: 18/09/10
 Make Your Business To More 
Security












Satcom Web Site - Company





















CompanyProducts & ServicesContact UsLogin










Company Profile








Our Company 
From its foundations in the begin '90s, Satcom 
Systems Engineering Co., Ltd. has established itself as one of the 
territory's leading supplier of both technology and software to the security, 
access and attendance control and card industry. Already, our products and 
systems can be found in over hundred of offices, factories in Hong Kong, Macau 
and South China.Our aim has always been to produce the best products and systems 
available for local market, which has been designed with the customer's need in 
mind - to provide a wide range of products and systems catering for various 
applications of business.
Our History 
SATCOM's success is based on a simple concept to maintain products 
which are always at the forefront of technology, backed by a high level of 
support. Close co-operation between manufacturers, system designers and users 
has always been the cornerstone of our approach.
From the inception in late 1991, ACS working 
in partnership with our parent company in Hong Kong, and other leading 
technology providers in the world has enable us to develop systems and products 
that genuinely address the requirements of users both in the present and for the 
future.
Our philosophy 
SATCOM underlying philosophy is to provide a totally integrated 
solution -- a single system covering all of a client's needs. Our understanding 
of the need for integration has resulted us as one of the very few companies in 
the region having vertical integration of services and products straight from 
manufacturing, hardware and software design, to the location of our clients.
Our track record of being in the right place with the right 
product at the right time points to foresight and a strategy which remains 
unrivaled in this region, putting our users where to they expect to be - in step 
with the pace of change and in a position to fully exploit the changing 
needs.
Security Company Licence : 
1284


Our Partners




HID Authorized Distributor - Smart Card Systems




 





Indala  Authorized Distributor - Smart Card Systems




 





Octopus  - Authorized Dealer




 





ACS Authorized Distributor - Access Control System




 
zeta   producer   - Desktop       Content         Management at   its     best!








© Copyright by Satcom Systems Engineering Co., Ltd. 2005 - 2006
Last update: 18/09/10

Version : 1.0.0







 



 






Satcom | Satellite Communications | VSAT Systems
















































Toggle navigation









www.satcoms.com




















 



Deal of the Day

ABOUT SATCOMS

PRODUCTS

ANTENNAS

C-BAND RX ONLY
KU-BAND RX ONLY
ANTENNA MOUNTS
C-BAND RX/TX
KU-BAND RX/TX

BUCS

C-BAND
KU-BAND

BDC

C-BAND
KA-BAND
KU-BAND
X-BAND

COMPRESSION

MEDIA GATEWAY

FIBER OPTIC IFL

RF LBAND UPLINK
WIDEBAND RX
WIDEBAND TX

LNA

C-BAND
KA-BAND
KU-BAND
X-BAND

LNB

C-BAND
KU-BAND
X-BAND
KA-BAND

MODEMS

CDM-570
CDM-625
CDM-710
CDM-760

RF INTERFACE HARDWARE


MANUFACTURERS

REGISTER/LOGIN

CONTACT US: 1(855)728-2667





 
 


















Request for Quote  sales@satcoms.usLOGIN AS A PREFERRED CUSTOMER TO RECEIVE INFORMATION ON THE LATEST TECHNOLOGY,DISCOUNTED RATES, UPDATED STOCK INVENTORY AND MANY MORE












































COMTECH CDM-625A ADVANCED SATELLITE MODEM



4 Weeks ARO


    $6,612.00    Contact Satcoms for a Custom Quotation 







BAIRD 3' NON-PENETRATING MOUNT FOR 1.8M PRODELIN ANTENNA



Stock


  Contact Satcoms for a Custom Quotation 







PRODELIN C-BAND RX/TX 2.4M ANTENNA SERIES 1240



2 Weeks ARO


  Contact Satcoms for a Custom Quotation 







DIALOGIC DTX-600 COMPRESSION





  Contact Satcoms for a Custom Quotation 





















































FOXCOM PL7440T DWDM WIDEBAND TRANSMITTER





  Contact Satcoms for a Custom Quotation 







DIALOGIC I-GATE 4000 PRO MEDIA GATEWAY





  Contact Satcoms for a Custom Quotation 







TERRASAT C-BAND 20W IBUC2



4 Weeks ARO


  Contact Satcoms for a Custom Quotation 
































 


















::Satcom Technologies::















 





 

 





















 


 


 



 


Satcom Technologies Private Limited is India's leading System's House focusing on applications based on Satellite Technologies . We provide solutions to Aerospace and  Defense  industries in the areas of   Satellite Comunications,  Meteorology, Remote Sensing and Geo-Spatial applications. 

                                        The Products and Technologies we offer involve primarily systems that receive and process data from LEO (Low Earth Orbiting) or GEO (Geo Synchronous Orbit) satellites and  Subsystems & Components used in these areas.

                                        With the advent of Satellite related technologies in various fields, the demand for Systems and Solutions to utilize these technologies is growing at a rapid pace. Satcom Technologies Pvt. Ltd. endeavors to fulfill this large and growing demand for Systems utilizing Satellite related technologies through its association with leading global players by offering State- Of- the- Art solutions 

Some 
                                        of the world's leading companies with 
                                        whom we are associated are: 



 


 







Dartcom of UK
                                              for Reception and Processing Systems
                                            for Meteorological Satellites.


 



 


 






ITRES Research
                                              Limited of Canada for their airborne
                                              hyperspectral sensors, and airborne
                                              digital mapping technologies and
                                            their applications.


 



 










Earth Observations
                                              Division of MacDonald Dettwiler
                                              and Associates of Canada for their
                                              Image Processing and Product Generation
                                            System for Remote Sensing Satellites.


 








 
 




RADARSAT 
                                            International (RSI) of Canada for 
                                            RADARSAT imagery.

 



 


 

Reach 
                                              Technologies Inc. of Canada for 
                                              High Speed Digital Data recorders, 
                                              Bit Error Rate Testers and Telemetry 
                                              Interfaces.


 



 




Satellite 
                                              Service BV of The Netherlands for 
                                              Telemetry & Telecommand Systems, 
                                              Satellite On-Board Data Handling 
                                              Equipment. 


 



 




Satlantic 
                                            Incorporated of Canada for theirocean 
                                            monitoring workstation software for 
                                            ship detection, oil spill monitoring, 
                                            sea state estimation using RADARSAT 
                                            imagery.

 



 









Tesoel AB of
                                              Sweden for High Reliability Co-axial
                                            RF and Microwave Switches.


 



 






ViaSat
                                                    Satellite Ground Stations
                                                    Division (formerly Satellite
                                                    Networks Division of M/s.
                                                    Scientific Atlanta) of USA
                                                    for Satellite Earth Stations
                                                    for Reception of Data and
                                                    Imagery from Low Earth Orbiting
                                                    as well as Geo-synchronous
                                                    Satellites. 
 


 



 






 





 
Our 
                                commitment for a long-term local support through 
                                our Customer Support group sets us apart from 
                                the rest.

                                Contact us at info@satcomindia.com for more details
                                on our range of Products and Services. 
 





 





 


  Home
  Principals   Products    Customer    News    Contact 
                  Us


© 
                  Copyright 2003,  Satcom Technologies. All rights reserved

















Satellite Communications Equipment | Satcom Frequency Converters | Earth Station Products, UK















































fdsa fdsa
 















 Call: +44 (0)1484 714 200
 








 





























 The highest quality:  Equipment  Processes  Service  A supplier that is:  Flexible  Responsive  Reliable  Equipment that is:  Smart  Capable  Dependable  Frequency Conversion  Earth Station Monitoring  Power Control   Signal Monitoring  Signal Testing  Signal Conditioning
  Telecommunications  Broadcast  Military  Oil & Gas 








Commercial and military satellite communications equipment



Peak Communications Ltd is a designer, manufacturer and supplier of high quality commercial and military satellite communications equipment. Peak Communications supplies to major telecommunications companies, system integrators, satellite users and defence agencies worldwide. Products include frequency converters, AUPC’s, beacon receivers, TLT’s and other earth station equipment. All products are available for supply worldwide.
		








Watch our video









			A successful privately owned and managed company based in Yorkshire, UK, Peak Communications has been a leading manufacturer of Satcom frequency converters and other RF infrastructure products since its conception in 1995. Growth has led to diversification and broadening of the product range and Peak Communications can now provide its customers with Satcom frequency converters (synthesised, agile, fixed and block), uplink power controllers (AUPC), beacon recievers, test loop translators, line amplifiers, active & passive splitters/ combiners, multi-channel modular variable gain units, noise sources, reference generation/ distribution, LNB/ BUC/ BDC drivers & redundancy systems, earth station monitoring, SDR and redundancy switches.
The people within the company bring together a blend of industrial and technical knowledge and experience. Peak has a dedicated group of highly skilled design staff who utilise their in-depth understanding of Satcom applications and who work with customers to ensure that products are correctly specified and designs are fit for purpose. Our experienced manufacturing and test staff then ensure that projects are completed to customer technical requirements and are delivered on-time and within budget.
		






ProductsBlock & Synthesised Frequency Converters (covering all primary frequency bands), Beacon Receivers, Automatic UpLink Power Controllers, Line Amplifiers, Splitters/ Combiners, Test Loop Translators, LNB DC & 10MHz Reference drivers, 10MHz Reference Generators & Redundant Switch Systems.PRODUCTS




ApplicationsTo support our customers we have produced a number of application notes to help to show how our products may be most effectively integrated into Satellite systems.APPLICATIONS




Trade ShowsPeak invest considerable time and effort in attending trade shows throughout the world in support of our local partners and to bring our latest products and services to our customers.TRADE SHOWS




Agents & DistributorsA key element to our success over the past two decades has been the quality and support of our distribution partners, who offer local assistance throughout the globe. Our representatives provide commercial support at no additional cost and many also offer pre-sales applications and post-sales technical support, adding value to the supply chain.AGENTS & DISTRIBUTORS







Our mission is to provide high quality satellite communications RF equipment through technologically advanced products and to back this with best-of-class customer support.
The company is ideally positioned to address the UK, European and worldwide markets, it also has representatives appointed in strategic territories to support its customers worldwide.
Satellite Communications Equipment | Satcom Frequency Converters and Conversion Products | Earth Station Products | Worldwide
		
 
Can't see a product you need on our website? Have a technical question about our current products? Request a quote or request a visit/demonstration. 









































 



Satcom & Broadcast Products | Sematron


























































Sign up to receive the latest news and reviews

Name*Email*

Area of interest*Area of interestGeneral NewsContent Delivery TechnologyRF / Microwave ComponentsTiming & TestSatcom Technology

  











 
X




Menu
Home
About Sematron
Support
Solutions
Partners
Industries
News
Contact us
 Call us on +44 (0)1256 812222
 sales@sematron.com
Content Delivery Technology

Partners


RF / Microwave Components

Products
Partners


Timing & Network Assurance

Network Test & Assurance
Products
Partners


Satcom Technology

Products
Partners


Search
 

Sematron






Content Delivery Technology

Partners


RF / Microwave Components

Products
Partners


Timing & Network Assurance

Network Test & Assurance
Products
Partners


Satcom Technology

Products
Partners


Search
 



Find your product


Keyword search




Product area

Any area
Content Delivery Technology
Satellite  Technology
Components
Timing, Test & Radio Infrastructure



Product type

RF & Microwave Components
Waveguide Switches
Connectors
Mixers
Rack Mount Amplifiers
VCO's
Switch Matrices
Adaptors
Miniature Tuners
MMICC's
Digital Filter Banks
SPXxT Pin Switches
Filters
Isolators and Circulators
Power Dividers
Filters; Tubular, LC, Cavity, Ceramic and Waveguide
Directional Couplers
DC Blocks and Bias Tees
RF & Microwave Amplifiers
Fixed Attenuators
Pin Diodes
Adapters
Terminations & Loads
Coaxial Switches
Resisitors & Resisitive Products
Oscillators
Splitters // Combiners
Transistors
Equalisers
Capacitors
Programmable Attenuation
Components 2
Testing, Timing & Measurement
Network Assurance & Test
Microwave Amplifiers
DAS (Distributed Antenna Systems
Threat Emulation System
Satellite Link Emulators
Phase Noise Analysers
Protocol Analysers
RF and Microwave Signal Generators
Spectrum Analysers
RF & Microwave Power Meters
Radio Communications Analyser
Angle Position Indicator
Synchro Resolver Simulator
Phase Angle Volt Meter
Satellite Communications Technology
Ka Band VSAT Antennas
DSNG Broadcast Antennas
Monitoring & Analysis
Block Up Converters (BUC's)
SSPA’S
RF over Fibre
Fixed Contribution Encoding
Mobile Contribution
Content Delivery Technology
Audio Codecs
Satellite Modems



Partner

Any partner
AST
API Technologies Inmet
API Technologies Weinschel
Atlanta Micro
Broadcast IP Systems
AVIWEST - 3G/4G Bonding
DVB Control
Comtech EF Data
Enensys Technologies
Environmental Technology Inc
Epsilon RF
Ericsson
ETL Systems
EXFO
Fiplex
Foxcom
General Dynamics VSAT
General Dynamics SATCOM Technologies
General Dynamics Electronic Products / Controls / Structures
Holkirk
IQD
JAR Technologies
Mercury Systems
Microsemi
Microsemi FTD
Mission Microwave
NetInsight
Newtec
Ophir RF
Passive Plus Inc.
Peplink
Renaissance
Reactel Inc
RLC Electronics
Sage Satcom
Sematron
Signal Core
TRM
Terrasat Communications
Noisewave
Norsat
North Atlantic Industries
Novella Satcom
Prodelin
RF Lambda
S3 Satcom
Suitcase TV
Surface Heating Systems Ltd



Find






Find your product. Use our Product Finder




Satellite Communications Technology Product Areas





                Bringing you the pick of the world’s leading manufacturers.            



Ka Band VSAT Antennas
Find out more









                Bringing you the pick of the world’s leading manufacturers.            



DSNG Broadcast Antennas
Find out more









                Crystal Solutions is the largest independent provider of Monitor and Control software to the satellite industry. Crystal has more than two decades of industry experience in the teleport and satellite broadcast marke            



Monitoring & Analysis
Find out more









                BUCs (Block Upconverters) products covers all commercial satellite frequencies, C-Band (including INSAT, PALAPA, Extended and Full), X-Band, Ku-band and Ka Band and is offered from the leading suppliers in the industry. Mission, Sage and Terrasat            



Block Up Converters (BUC's)
Find out more









                Our Fixed Contribution Encoders includes both SD and HD, MPEG-2 4:2:0/4:2:2 and MPEG-4 AVC (H.264), which allows us to recommend the optimum solution to satisfy your video quality and network latency needs.            



Fixed Contribution Encoding
Find out more

 






Ask our experts
Our team of experts are here to help. Send us your enquiry and we'll get back to you.




Name*Email*

Telephone number*



Area of interest*AllSatcom & BroadcastComponentsTiming, Testing & MeasurementDetails of your enquiry





Contact method*Call meEmail me



  











 


Why Sematron





Best Range
As partners with the world's leading manufacturers, our long standing relationships unite you with the best and guarantee you the most exciting and reliable products from around the world. 







Expert Advice
Our highly experienced team of product specialists have been trained by the manufacturers to be able to provide the help you need. They're also nice people, so put them to the test!







Great Prices
25 years of experience means we understand what is a good deal for you. That's why so many of our customers come back again - year after year after year.







World Class Support
We'll get any snags and problems fixed to get you back up and running, with minimal fuss. You can buy with confidence from us - we've never walked away from a problem until it's fixed.






Call us on +44 (0)1256 812222    
                    sales@sematron.com








Sign up to receive the latest news and reviews

Name*Email*

Area of interest*Area of interestGeneral NewsContent Delivery TechnologyRF / Microwave ComponentsTiming & TestSatcom Technology

  











 





About Sematron A unique company  who can bring you the benefits of our global buying power and a quarter of a century of relationship building within your markets.  We are a partner who wants to share that knowledge and experience for  your benefit
 Call us on +44 (0)1256 812222
sales@sematron.com

 Twitter
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube
 



Sematron 
Sematron UK Ltd.
Sandpiper House, Aviary Court, Wade Road,
Basingstoke, Hampshire RG24 8GX

Registered in England No: 2473216
Content Delivery Technology
RF & Microwave Components
Timing & Network Assurance
Satcom Technology
Home
About Sematron
Support
Solutions
Partners
Industries
News
Contact us
© 2016 Sematron UK Ltd.
Privacy policy
Cookies policy
Terms & conditions
Sitemap
Website by Marcom
 



Contact us
Back to top











