

True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports





True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
T70175EFF91B1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





True Corporation Public Company Limited - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of True Corporation Public Company Limited with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of True Corporation Public Company Limited key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key True Corporation Public Company Limited competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 TRUE CORPORATION PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED - OVERVIEW

1.1 True Corporation Public Company Limited - Business Description
1.2 True Corporation Public Company Limited - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 True Corporation Public Company Limited - Milestones and History

2 TRUE CORPORATION PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 TRUE CORPORATION PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 TRUE CORPORATION PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 TRUE CORPORATION PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 True Corporation Public Company Limited - Strengths
5.2 True Corporation Public Company Limited - Weaknesses
5.3 True Corporation Public Company Limited - Opportunities
5.4 True Corporation Public Company Limited - Threats

6 TRUE CORPORATION PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 True Corporation Public Company Limited - Financial Snapshot
6.2 True Corporation Public Company Limited – Stock Market Snapshot

7 TRUE CORPORATION PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED - KEY COMPETITORS

8 TRUE CORPORATION PUBLIC COMPANY LIMITED - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: True Corporation Public Company Limited Key Facts 
Table 2: True Corporation Public Company Limited Offices and Representations 
Table 3: True Corporation Public Company Limited Milestones and History 
Table 4: True Corporation Public Company Limited Key Executives 
Table 5: True Corporation Public Company Limited Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: True Corporation Public Company Limited Major Shareholders 
Table 7: True Corporation Public Company Limited Products and Services
Table 8: True Corporation Public Company Limited SWOT Analysis
Table 9: True Corporation Public Company Limited Profitability 
Table 10: True Corporation Public Company Limited Management Effectiveness
Table 11: True Corporation Public Company Limited Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: True Corporation Public Company Limited Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: True Corporation Public Company Limited Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: True Corporation Public Company Limited Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: True Corporation Public Company Limited Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: True Corporation Public Company Limited Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: True Corporation Public Company Limited Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: True Corporation Public Company Limited Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: True Corporation Public Company Limited Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: True Corporation Public Company Limited Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: True Corporation Public Company Limited 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: True Corporation Public Company Limited 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


MAPFRE U.S.A. Corp: Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
US$ 125.00
Jan, 2017 · 14 pages


Kahala Corp: Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
US$ 125.00
Sep, 2011 · 17 pages


CTBC Bank (Philippines) Corp. : Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
US$ 125.00
0000-00-00 · 21 pages


True Corporation PCL - Company Profile and Financial Analysis
US$ 99.00
Mar, 2016 · 32 pages


Cadence Financial Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Jun, 2017 · 30 pages








Ask Your Question
True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:






















Communication Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports








Communication Services Company Research Reports


Communication Services Companies deliver communication services over a network infrastructure. The businesses and occupations these organizations (both open-end companies and private firms) are engaged in include, among others, telecommunications (landline and cellular), the Net, cable, satellite-aided, or managed services. Communication Services Companies’ categories are diverse: telecom carriers, content deliverers, applications service providers (ASP), satellite operators, cable and cloud-based services providers, etc.
To stay competitive, companies in the marketplace have to ceaselessly stick to enhancing OP (operational excellence), besides maximizing their profit and cash flows. ATT, France Telecom (FTE) and Verizon fall within those Communication Services Companies that set the scene.
The research reports in this Catalogue discuss various Communication Services Companies, covering their operations, structure, products/services, prospects, locations and performance divisions, major executives, as well as competitors. Besides, SWOT information and the most prominent developments having lately affected the businesses are limelighted in the research reports. Keen insights into the companies’ revenue, growth trends, profitability measures, liquidity and financial leverage policies, efficiency and cost ratios, and far more are offered in the research reports as well.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Communication Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Omi Advisories
                        Ovum
                        Renub Research
                    



                            Found
                                 1091 publications                    



Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:

























	True Corporation - What we do




































True
TrueMove
TrueOnline
TrueVisions
TrueMoney
Truelife


TrueSupport

Online Billing







(form: http://www2.truecorp.co.th/en/what_we_do.aspx?)











What we do









					
					True Corporation Plc is Thailand’s convergence lifestyle leader, offering an unrivalled selection of integrated communications services and solutions. True’s business operations encompass five areas as follows:
					
				

Our Band
Our Business



True Online
True Move
True Vision
True Money
True Life




TrueOnline groups together True’s diverse yet complementary family of fixed-line telephone, Internet, Broadband and data communications services as well as the WE Personal Communication Telephone network.
TrueOnline is the largest fixed-line service provider in the Bangkok Metropolitan Area (BMA) while our fiber-rich network is Thailand’s most modern. We are the Kingdom’s largest Internet Service Provider (ISP) and Broadband operator as well as a major player in the data transmission business. We furthermore provide a wide variety of value-added services to both home and business fixed-line telephone and Internet users.
Fixed-line phone services

2.6 million fixed lines in the BMA
A 26,000-telephone public phone service in the BMA 
Value-added services including: Voice Mailbox, Call Waiting, Conference Calling, Call Forwarding, Hot Line, Abbreviated Dialing, Automatic Call Repetition, Outgoing Call Barring, Caller ID, Direct Inward Dialing (DID), Hunting Lines, Integrated Service Digital Network (ISDN), Televoting, Free Phone 1-800 and Voice Conferencing. 

VoIP services

NetTalk offers both prepaid and postpaid services for international as well as domestic calls
NetTalk is availabe for calls via PC, fixed line and mobile phones

Broadband and Internet services

Cable modem and DSL technologies at speeds up to 10Mbps
Wi-Fi network featuring over 16,000 hotspots nationwide
Value-added services including: Internet Protocol TV (IPTV), White Net Filtering and Norton Anti-Virus



Data Services

Converged data and voice communication solutions for business customers through Digital Data Network (DDN); MPLS; Metro Ethernet and IP Lease Line technologies
Managed network and data services that combine network performance, fault and configuration management
Internet Data Centre (IDC) providing security services for corporate customers

WE PCT (Personal Communication Telephone)

WE PCT is a cordless fixed-phone service. A subscriber’s PCT phone number is the same as his or her fixed-line number.

International Internet Gateway

International data services: International Private Leased Circuit (IPLC), Internet Protocol Virtual Private Network (IP VPN) and Virtual Node

International Direct Dialing (IDD)

True officially launched its IDD service using the ‘006’ prefix in 2008 using TDM (Time Division Multiplexing) technology.


 





TrueMove offers innovative and high-quality mobile telecommunications services on its nationwide 1800 MHz network to 15 million subscribers throughout Thailand.
TrueMove’s vision is to create a pioneering wireless hi-speed lifestyle where people can communicate as well as access knowledge, information and entertainment wherever, whenever, and however they wish. The company delivers excellent coverage coupled with quality, value and unique integrated products while also taking the lead to introduce 3G services to the Kingdom.
Pre Pay services

Pre-paid airtime that can be conveniently ‘topped up’ through 80,000 resellers nationwide, via 18,000 public phones in the Bangkok Metropolitan Area or by the TrueMoney mobile payment channel. 

Post Pay services

TrueMove’s postpaid service allows customers to select from a variety of monthly airtime packages.

Voice services

Voice services including: call waiting, call forwarding, call conferencing, caller identification and international roaming.



Non-voice services

TrueMove offers a wide range of non-voice services including: Short Messaging Service (SMS), Voice SMS, Voicemail, Multimedia Messaging Service (MMS), mobile Internet through GPRS/EDGE technology, multi media content service and ring back tones.

Mobile handsets and accessories

We offer a broad range of high-quality mobile handsets, related accessories, PDA phones and smart phones including iPhone and BlackBerry. 
Handsets are usually sold outright (untied to any service) or tied to TrueMove’s monthly (postpaid) services.

International Roaming Services

We allow people whose network operators have international roaming agreements with TrueMove to use TrueMove’s cellular network when traveling in Thailand and vice versa.
TrueMove is a member of the Conexus Mobile Alliance and a Traveling Connect partner. 


 





TrueVisions (formerly UBC) is Thailand’s leading pay-TV provider, offering its services nationwide via satellite and cable.
Local and international programming  

86 top local and international channels including movies (such as HBO, Cinemax, Star Movies and Hallmark), sports (ESPN, Star Sports and TrueVisions’ own sports channels), infotainment (the History Channel, Discovery Channel and National Geographic), news (CNN, CNBC, Bloomberg and BBC World) and series (most of which are exclusive to TrueVisions in Thailand), as well as free TV and pay-per-view. We also have the exclusive Thai rights to live telecasts of Premier League football (PL).



A variety of monthly packages

TrueVisions offers four different monthly packages: Platinum (86 channels); Gold (77 channels); Silver (63 channels); and True Knowledge (54 channels). 
In addition, TrueVisions provides a-la-carte packages including ten further channels from NHK, HBO, Disney and Discovery. 

Mass market access

TrueVisions enables people around the country from all walks of life to enjoy its programming through Free View and Free-to-Air bundling packages. 


 





TrueMoney is an electronic cash and payment service facilitating the payment of selected True Group services. Customers can also pay for services outside the Group, such as electricity and water supply bills as well as make payments at many e-commerce merchants etc.
TrueMoney Cash Card

The TrueMoney Cash Card allows TrueMove and True customers to top up and pay for selected True Group and external services. 

Payment and collection service

Online payment service. 
WeBooking by TrueMoney offers a fast and convenient way to make and pay for reservations. 
TrueMoney Express is a franchised point-of-payment service run in collaboration with some 2,000 retailers nationwide. 



TrueMoney services via TrueMove

This service allows TrueMove subscribers to perform commercial and financial transactions using their mobile phone. 

TouchSIM

The world’s first intelligent contact-less mobile payment system using RFID (radio-frequency identification) technology. 


 





TrueLife provides digital content and access to both mobile and online digital communities. It also acts as a digital convergence and communicator platform for consumer-to-consumer, business-to-consumer and business-to-business transactions.
Online portal

Truelife.com provides an online community and communicator platform allowing users to interact, communicate and share. 
Main content categories are music, sport, TV, and movies. 

Online games

True Group is a provider of some of Thailand’s leading online games including Special Force, Lineage II, Guild Wars and Point Blank. 



TrueLife shops

TrueLife shops bring together under one root the full range of True porducts and services including True Coffee, True Music and True Broadband. 

TrueLife Plus

TrueLife Plus represents our bundling of True products and services, offering customers greater value through packages that suit their lifestyle. 

Online shopping

TrueLife’s online shopping service www.weloveshopping.com hosts over 150,000 online shops and more than 2 million items. 


 














Home

Our Company
What We Do












Our CompanyTrue At a GlanceTrue StoryOur Vision and ValuesOur OrganizationWhat We DoAwardsInvestor RelationsPress CenterPress ReleasesActivitiesImage LibraryMedia AdvertisingPress ContactsCSRCSR ApproachCSR PoliciesWhat's newCareersCareer HomeMessage From Our CEOBenefitsContact Us














© 2009 True Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
















True Corporation PCL - Company Profile and Financial Analysis












































SPi Global Market Reports
Latest Global Market Reports at 16:02 BST







Search for Market Research: 









You are here: Home > Market Research Reports > True Corporation PCL - Company Profile and Financial Analysis > Description





True Corporation PCL - Company Profile and Financial Analysis
	
Published by Global Data: 20 Mar 2016 | 374488 | In Stock


Description
Table of Contents
Figures
Tables
Details
Related Reports




Summary
ICD Research's "True Corporation PCL - Company Profile and Financial Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, financial ratios, financial analysis, mergers and acquisitions, recent developments, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries.

Key Findings
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "True Corporation PCL"

The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. ICD Research strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.

Synopsis
- Identifies crucial company information about "True Corporation PCL" along with major products and services for business intelligence requirements.

- Provides key ratios on company's financial performance.

- Identifies key employees to assist with key business decisions.

- Provides annual and interim financial ratios.

Reasons To Buy
- Enhance your understanding of "True Corporation PCL"

- Increase business/sales activities by understanding customers' businesses better.

- Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.

- Qualify prospective partners, affiliates or suppliers.

- Acquire up-to-date company information and an understanding of the company's financial health.

Key Highlights
True Corporation Public Company Limited (True Corporation) is a communications solution and service provider. The company offers products such as smartphones, tablets, aircards, SIMs, gadgets and smart home devices. It also provides business mobile, fixed line phones, internet and data products, voice solution, internet data solutions, convergence solution and industry solutions. True Corporation offers services including pay-TV service, mobile telecommunications service, electronic cash and payment service, international roaming service, VoIP services, broadband and internet services, data services and international direct dialing services. The company caters its products to enterprises, education, property, SMEs, government and public sectors. It has operations throughout Thailand. True Corporation is headquartered in Bangkok, Thailand.

This report is published by Global DataA leading global business intelligence provider offering advanced analytics to help clients make better, more informed decisions every day.









Buy This Report Now




$99 |  Price



$198 |  Site License Price



$297 |  Enterprise License Price
     Request Best Price Request Sample    Download Free Report Summary PDF Download our FREE report summary PDF. It contains all the information on these web pages, plus a Proforma Invoice request form, should you need it to satisfy your company's internal order procedures.   Ordering Information Orders are processed immediately and you will be notified of the despatch date on confirmation of your order. Accepted Card Types





 Buy now using our secure payment system.  

Extensive Library of Reports Available
388,332 professional market reports and company analyses now available.
About SPi Reports

We specialise in selling market research and company reports from leading market research publishers. Use our comprehensive search service to find the reports that you're looking for.

	Personal Service 

	We are based in the UK and are committed to quality customer service. If you need help, contact our sales team for personal assistance: phone +44 (0) 1305 753769 or email office@sectorpublishing.com.













Market Research Reports and Corporate Date from SPi Reports

Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
About SPi Reports
Security

SPi Reports is published by Sector Publishing Intelligence Ltd. Company Registered in England 07519380 © Sector Publishing Intelligence Ltd 2017. [Admin Only]
All rights reserved. All other trademarks recognized. Copyright © 2011-2017 - Sector Publishing Intelligence Limited.

Download Our Free Report Summary PDFDownload our FREE report summary PDF. It contains all the information on these web pages, plus a Proforma Invoice request form, should you need it to satisfy your company's internal order procedures.×
Google
Google
                            Author: Jon Sloper NewsAndMarketResearch
Site design and development by www.alacrify.co.uk






















True Corporation PCL (TCPFF.PK)  People | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















True Corporation PCL (TCPFF.PK)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTelecommunications ServicesIntegrated Telecommunications Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				TCPFF.PK on OTC Markets Group - US Other OTC and Grey Market


				0.16USD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.16


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

826




52-wk High

$0.24


52-wk Low

$0.15











					Summary





Name
Age
Since
Current Position




							Dhanin Chearavanont

76
1993

                                Chairman of the Board




							Suphachai Chearavanont

49
2017

                                Chairman of the Executive Board, Co-President, Chief Executive Officer, Director




							Vichaow Rakphongphairoj

58
2017

                                Co-President, Director




							Adhiruth Thothaveesansuk

52
2017

                                Co-President




							Athueck Asvanund

64
2009

                                Vice Chairman of the Board and Group General Counsel




							Ajva Taulananda

77
1993

                                Vice Chairman of the Board




							Noppadol Dej-Udom

48
2008

                                Group Chief Financial Officer




							Chatchaval Jiaravanon

54
1993

                                Managing Director - Group Investment, Director




							Charoen Limkangwanmongkol

52
2014

                                Managing Director of Regional Management




							Anat Mekpaiboonvatana

55
2014

                                Managing Director of Regional Management




							Kachorn Chiaravanont

49
2012

                                Group Executive Director - Corporate Affairs




							Carl Goodier

51
2013

                                Group Chief Customer Service Officer




							William Harris

54
2009

                                Executive Director - International Business Development, Assistant to Chief Executive Officer




							Siriphot Kunakornphan

52
2014

                                Group Managing Director - Regional Management and Group Executive Director




							Thiti Nantapatsiri

61
2003

                                Group Executive Director Regulatory




							Songtham Phianpattanawit

57
2003

                                Group Executive Director - Enterprise/Business Sector and International Services




							Papon Ratanachaikanont

49
2015

                                Group Executive Director - Small & Medium sized Business (SMB) Sector and Executive Assistant to CEO




							Rangsinee Sujaritsunchai

50
2009

                                Company Secretary




							Zhengmao Li

54
2014

                                Vice Chairman of the Board




							Narong Chearavanont

51
2008

                                Director




							Soopakij Chearavanont

52
1993

                                Director




							Umroong Sanphasitvong

63
2001

                                Director




							Warapatr Todhanakasem

66
2012

                                Director




							Bing Xia

47
2016

                                Director




							Joti Bhokavanij

73
1999

                                Independent Director




							Rawat Chamchalerm

71
2010

                                Independent Director




							Xu Genluo

58
2014

                                Independent Director




							Harald Link

61
2010

                                Independent Director




							Kosol Petchsuwan

76
1993

                                Independent Director




							Vitthya Vejjajiva

80






» Insider Trading





					Biographies





Name
Description




							Dhanin Chearavanont


					
							Mr. Dhanin Chearavanont serves as the Chairman of the Board of True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 11, 1993. He is the Chairman of Nomination and Compensation Committees. He studied at the Commercial School of Hong Kong, Shantou Secondary School, The People's Republic of China and The National Defence College of Thailand. He also serves as the Chairman of Charoen Pokphand Foods Public Company Limited and Chairman of CP All Public Company Limited. He was the Honorary Chairman of True Move Company Limited, Director of Bangkok Inter Teletech Public Company Limited, Director of Telecom Holding Company Limited, and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Charoen Pokphand Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries.




							Suphachai Chearavanont


					
							Mr. Suphachai Chearavanont has been Chairman of the Executive Board, Co-President, Chief Executive Officer, Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 21, 2017. He holds Bachelor of Business Administration in Financial Management from Boston University, USA. He also serves as Chief Executive Officer of True Visions Public Company Limited, Chief Executive Officer of True Move Company Limited, Chairman of Freewill Solutions Company Limited and Chairman of Wire & Wireless Company Limited. He was the Chairman of Pantavanji Company Limited, President of Asia Multimedia Company Limited, Chief Operating Officer of True Visions Cable Public Company Limited and Managing Director of Wire & Wireless Company Limited. He was also with Vinythai Company Limited, Soltex Federal Credit Union, USA, Siam Makro Company Limited, CPPC Public Company Limited, C.P. Lotus Corporation, Asia Freewill Company Limited, Freewill Solutions Company Limited and C.P. Pokphand Company Limited. He is Director and Advisor of Master of Science Program and Doctor of Philosophy Program in Technopreneurship and Innovation Management (TIP) at Chulalongkorn University, Advisor to Executive Chairman of Rajaprajanugroh Foundation Director of Ramathibodi Foundation and Board Member of Bangkok University.




							Vichaow Rakphongphairoj


					
							Mr. Vichaow Rakphongphairoj has been Co-President, Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 21, 2017. He holds Master of Business Administration from Pepperdine University, USA, Master of Electrical Engineering from University of Wisconsin and Bachelor of Electrical Engineering from Arizona State University, USA. He also serves as Chairman of Executive Committee of Pantavanji Company Limited, Chairman of Executive Committee of Freewill Solutions Company Limited, President of True Universal Convergence Company Limited and President of Asia Infonet Company Limited. He also serves as Director of Telecom Holding Company Limited, K.I.N. (Thailand) Company Limited, True Information Technology Company Limited, True Touch Company Limited, Asia DBS Public Company Limited, Bangkok Inter Teletech Public Company Limited, True Move Company Limited, Thai Smart Card Company Limited, Cineplex Company Limited, Real Future Company Limited, True Visions Group Company Limited and Telecom Asset Management Company Limited.




							Adhiruth Thothaveesansuk


					
							Mr. Adhiruth Thothaveesansuk has been Co-President for True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 21, 2017. He holds Master of Finance and Marketing from Indiana University of Pennsylvania and Bachelor of Industrial Management from Thammasat University. He also serves as President of True Life Plus Company Limited, and Director of BFKT (Thailand) Limited, True Visions Public Company Limited, True United Football Club Company Limited, Gold Palace Investments Limited, True Visions Cable Public Company Limited, Satellite Service Company Limited, Panther Entertainment Company Limited, True Music Company Limited, Bangkok Inter Teletech Public Company Limited, Telecom Holding Company Limited, True Move Company Limited, Golden Light Company Limited, Gold Palace Logistics Limited, True Internet Technology (Shanghai) Company Limited and True Public Communication Company Limited. He also serves as President of Asia Wireless Communication Company Limited.




							Athueck Asvanund


					
							Prof. Athueck Asvanund serves as Vice Chairman of the Board and Group General Counsel of True Corporation Public Company Limited. He was appointed as Vice Chairman since August 22, 1997, as Chief Compliance Officer from August 22, 1997 until February 27, 2009, and Company Secretary from August 29, 2008 until February 27, 2009. He holds Bachelor of Law (LLB) from Thammasat University and Master of Laws (Master of Legal Letters) from New York University. He also serves as Advisor to the Board of Directors of CP All Public Company Limited, Group General Counsel of Charoen Pokphand Group Company Limited and its subsidiaries, Director of True Visions Public Company Limited and its subsidiaries, and Director of True Move Company Limited. He was Independent Director of Thoresen Thai Agencies Public Company Limited (August-December 2011), Associate Judge at the Central Intellectual Property and International Trade Court (2001-2006) and with Baker & McKenzie (1978-1997). He is a Part Time Lecturer for Business Law at the Chulalongkorn University.




							Ajva Taulananda


					
							Dr. Ajva Taulananda serves as the Vice Chairman of the Board of True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 11, 1993. He is also a Chairman of the Finance Committee and a member of the Governance Committee in the company. He holds Doctorate of Industrial Engineering and System from Illinois Institute of Technology, USA, Master of Industrial Engineering from Iowa State University, USA, and Bachelor of Industrial Engineering from Chulalongkorn University. He holds Honorary Doctorate of Management from The University of Thai Chamber of Commerce, Honorary Doctorate of Engineering from Ramkhamhaeng University and Honorary Doctorate of Engineering from Chulalongkorn University. He serves as the Chairman of the Finance Committee and Member of the Corporate Governance Committee of the Company, and the Vice Chairman of Charoen Pokphand Group. He is also Director of subsidiaries of the Company, Chairman of the Board of Trustee of Thailand Management Association and Director of Office of the National Economic and Social Development Board. He was the Deputy Minister of Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives (1991-1992) and Chairman of Thai Chamber of Commerce and Board of Trade and Thailand (2001-2004).




							Noppadol Dej-Udom


					
							Mr. Noppadol Dej-Udom serves as the Group Chief Financial Officer of True Corporation Public Company Limited since January 1, 2008. He holds Bachelor in Mechanical Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute and Master in Business Administration from Chulalongkorn University. He also serves as Director of True Internet Company Limited, True International Communication Company Limited, True Music Company Limited, Real Move Company Limited, Real Future Company Limited, True Visions Group Company Limited, Telecom Holding Company Limited, Telecom Asset Management Company Limited, True DTT Company Limited, Gold Palace Investment Limited, Golden Light Company Limited, True Internet Technology (Shanghai) Company Limited, Goldsky Company Limited, Gold Palace Logistics Limited, GP Logistics Limited and Golden Pearl Global Limited.




							Chatchaval Jiaravanon


					
							Mr. Chatchaval Jiaravanon serves as Managing Director - Group Investment and Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 11, 1993. He holds Bachelor of Business Administration from University of Southern California. USA. He also serves as Director of SVI Public Company Limited, Independent Director of Ticon Industrial Connection Public Company Limited, Chairman of Finansia Syrus Securities Public Company Limited, Director of Amanah Leasing Public Company Limited and Director of AEON Thana Sinsap (Thailand) Public Company Limited. He is also the President and CEO of Telecom Holding Company Limited, CEO of True Multimedia Company Limited, True Internet Company Limited and Asia Infonet Company Limited, Chairman of Thai Kodama Company Limited, Director of Metro Machinery Company Limited and Director of subsidiaries of True Corporation Public Company Limited.




							Charoen Limkangwanmongkol


					
							Mr. Charoen Limkangwanmongkol serves as Managing Director of Regional Management for True Corporation Public Company Limited. He holds MBA from Chulalongkorn University and Bachelor of Business Administration from Assumption University of Thailand. He also serves as Managing Director of True Multimedia Company Limited and Director of True Life Plus Company Limited. He was Marketing Director of Yum Restaurant Company Limited, Sales and Marketing Director of Hutchison Telecommunication Company Limited (1992-2003), Brand Manager of Unilever (Thailand) Company Limited (1989-1992) and Account Supervisor of Lintas (Thailand) Company Limited (1986-1989).




							Anat Mekpaiboonvatana


					
							Mr. Anat Mekpaiboonvatana serves as Managing Director of Regional Management for True Corporation Public Company Limited. He holds Master of Marketing Management from West Coast University, USA and Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering from King Mongkut's University of Technology North Bangkok. He also serves as Managing Director of True Visions Public Company Limited, and Director of True Distribution & Sales Company Limited, Samut Pakan Media Corporation Company Limited, True United Football Club Company Limited, Hutchison Multimedia Services (Thailand) Limited, Tele Engineering and Services Company Limited, Cineplex Company Limited, True Digital Media Company Limited, True Visions Cable Public Company Limited, Satellite Service Company Limited, Panther Entertainment Company Limited, True GS Company Limited and Telecom Holding Company Limited. He was Vice President of UBC Cable TV Network Company Limited in 1995 and Vice President of Telecom Holding Company Limited in 1994.




							Kachorn Chiaravanont


					
							Mr. Kachorn Chiaravanont serves as Group Executive Director - Corporate Affairs of True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 21, 2012. He holds Bachelor in Management from Fairleigh Dickinson University in New Jersey, USA. He also serves as Director of Allianz C.P. General Insurance Company Limited, CPPC Public Company Limited, Pokphand Enterprise Company Limited, Bangkok Inter Teletech Public Company Limited, True Information Technology Company Limited, True Move Company Limited, True Visions Public Company Limited, True Distribution & Sales Company Limited, Song Dao Company Limited, True Universal Convergence Company Limited, Cineplex Company Limited, Click TV Company Limited, True Digital Media Company Limited, True Visions Cable Public Company Limited, Satellite Service Company Limited, Panther Entertainment Company Limited, Telecom Holding Company Limited, True Leasing Company Limited, True Properties Company Limited, Siam Land Flying Company Limited, SAIC Motor-CP Company Limited, MG Sales (Thailand) Company Limited and Echo Autoparts (Thailand) Company Limited.




							Carl Goodier


					
							Mr. Carl Goodier serves as Group Chief Customer Service Officer of True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 1, 2013. He holds Bachelor of Aircraft Operational Engineering from Amsterdam. He served as Managing Director of Azimuth Company Limited (1996-1999), Managing Director of QMI-QUEST (Thailand) (1993-1996), and Consultant and Managing Consultant at QMI-QUEST (Malaysia) (1991-1994).




							William Harris


					
							Mr. William E. Harris serves as Executive Director - International Business Development and Assistant to Chief Executive Officer of True Corporation Public Company Limited since October 7, 2009. He served as Chief Financial Officer from 2001 until December 31, 2007, and as Chairman of the Executive Board from 2008 until October 7, 2009. He holds Master of Business Administration in Finance and Marketing from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and Bachelor of Science in Economics from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. He also serves as Director of Golden Pearl Global Limited, GP Logistics Company Limited, Rosy Legend Limited, Prospect Gain Limited, True Internet Technology (Shanghai) Company Limited, True Visions Group Company Limited, Dragon Delight Investments Limited, Gold Palace Investments Limited, Golden Light Company Limited, Gold Palace Logistics Limited, True Visions Public Company Limited, True Move Company Limited, Bangkok Inter Teletech Public Company Limited and Vereizon Communications in Philadelphia.




							Siriphot Kunakornphan


					
							Mr. Siriphot Kunakornphan serves as Group Managing Director - Regional Management and Group Executive Director of True Corporation PCL since January 21, 2014. He holds a King Master of Engineering in Electronic Engineering from King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang, Thailand.




							Thiti Nantapatsiri


					
							Mr. Thiti Nantapatsiri serves as Group Executive Director Regulatory of True Corporation Public Company Limited since June 1, 2003. He holds Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical) from King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang. He was Executive Vice President of Loxley Public Company Limited (1999-2003) and First Senior Vice President at Loxley Public Company Limited (1997-1999). He also serves as Director of Telecom Holding Company Limited, Tele Engineering and Services Company Limited, BFKT (Thailand) Limited, SM True Company Limited, GP Logistics Limited, Panther Entertainment Company Limited, Ture Music Radio Company Limited, True Visions Public Company Limited, True Internet Company Limited, Samutpakan Media Corporation Company Limited, Cineplex Company Limited, Click TV Company Limited, True Digital Media Company Limited, True Visions Cable Public Company Limited, Satellite Service Company Limited and True Music Company Limited, BeBoydCG Company Limited. He was President and CEO of Hutchison CAT Wireless Media Company Limited (2001-2002) and President and CEO of Hutchison Telecommunications (Thailand) Company Limited.




							Songtham Phianpattanawit


					
							Mr. Songtham Phianpattanawit serves as Group Executive Director - Enterprise/Business Sector and International Services of True Corporation Public Company Limited since April 1, 2003. He holds Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from University of South Alabama, USA. He also serves as Director of Hutchison Telecommunications (Thailand) Company Limited, President of True Information Technology Company Limited, Director of Corporate Solution of True Move Company Limited, Executive Committee of Pantavanji Company Limited, Director of Freewill Solutions Company Limited, Director of Telecom Holding Company Limited, Director of Wire & Wireless Company Limited, President of True International Gateway Company Limited and Director of Bangkok Inter Teletech Public Company Limited. He was Director of True Multimedia Company Limited, Country General Manager/MD at IBM Thailand Company Limited, Chairman of IBM Solution Delivery Company Limited, Director of IBM Storage Product Thailand Company Limited, Director for Sales & Marketing of IBM Thailand Company Limited, Country Manager for Finance and Administration and CFO of IBM Thailand Company Limited.




							Papon Ratanachaikanont


					
							Dr. Papon Ratanachaikanont serves as Group Executive Director - Small & Medium sized Business (SMB) Sector and Executive Assistant to CEO of True Corporation Public Company Limited. He holds Doctorate degree in Organization Development (International Program). He also holds Master in Communication Advertising and Public Relations from Emerson College and Bachelor in Management from Assumption University of Thailand. He also serves as Director of Samut Pakan Media Corporation Company Limited, True Vista Company Limited, True Music Radio Company Limited, Dragon Delight Investment Limited, Hutchison Multimedia Services (Thailand) Limited and True Lifestyle Retail Company Limited. He was Marketing and Sales Director at Mazda Sales (Thailand) Company (2000-2005), Chief Operating Officer at Bakery Music Group Company (1999-2000), Group Account Director and General Director of Grey Advertising Thailand and WhizzbangArts (1998-1999), Managing Director of The Print International Co. Ltd. and Design Arts Co. Ltd. (1993-1998) and Project Manager (IMC) at Ammirati Puris Lintas (Thailand) Company.




							Rangsinee Sujaritsunchai


					
							Ms. Rangsinee Sujaritsunchai serves as Company Secretary of True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 27, 2009. She holds Bachelor in Accounting from Chulalongkorn University and Master of Science in Finance from Thammasat University. She was Assistant General Counsel of SEC & SET Compliance of the Company (2000-2001) and Manager for Accounting and SEC & SET Compliance at Charoen Pokphand Foods Public Company Limited (1991-2000).




							Zhengmao Li


					
							Mr. Zhengmao Li serves as Vice Chairman of the Board of True Corporation PCL since September 2, 2014. He is also a member of the Nominating and Remuneration Committees in the Company.




							Narong Chearavanont


					
							Mr. Narong Chearavanont serves as a Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since April 29, 2008. He holds an Honorary Doctor of Business Administration from Ramkhamhaeng University and Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from New York University, USA. He attended the Advance Management Program: Transforming Proven Leaders into Global Executives at the Harvard University. He also serves as Director of Siam Makro Public Company Limited, CP All Public Company Limited, Shanghai Yilian Supermarket Company Limited, Shanghai Ailian Supermarket Company Limited, Shanghai Songlian Supermarket Company Limited, Wenzhou Yichu Ailian Supermarket Company Limited, Shanghai Cailian Supermarket Company Limited, Nantung Tonglian Supermarket Company Limited, Kunshan Tailian Supermarket Company Limited, C.P. Zonglian (Shanghai) Management Company Limited, Shantou Lotus Supermarket Chain Store Co. Ltd., Guangzhou Lotus Supermarket Chain Store Co. Ltd. and Beijing Lotus Supermarket Chain Store Co. Ltd. He is Chief Executive Officer of Shanghai Litai Logistics Company Limited, Vice Chairman of CP Food Products (Shanghai) Co. Ltd., Director of Chia Tai Qingdao Holdings (Hongkong) Limited, Chia Tai Xiangyang Holdings (Hongkong) Limited, Chia Tai Qingdao Holdings Limited, Chia Tai Xiangyang Holdings Limited, Grand River Park Company Limited, Grand River Place Company Limited and Grand River Front Company Limited.




							Soopakij Chearavanont


					
							Mr. Soopakij Chearavanont serves as a Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 11, 1993. He holds Bachelor of Science in the College of Business and Public Administration from New York University, USA. He also serves as Director of C.P. All Public Company Limited, Director of Siam Makro Public Company Limited, Chief Executive Officer of UTV Cable Network Public Company Limited, Executive Vice Chairman of Chaoren Pokphand Group Company Limited, Chairman of True Visions Public Company Limited, Chairman of True Visions Cable Public Company Limited, Executive Chairman of Telecom Holding Company Limited, Chairman of Chia Tai Land Holding Company Limited, Chairman of Chia Tai Land Holding Company Limited, Chairman of Chia Tai Land Property Management Company Limited, Chairman of Chia Tai Real Estate Group Company Limited, Chairman of Chia Tai Lotus (Shanghai) Company Limited, Chairman of Fortune Leasing Company Limited, Chairman of Mass Gain Investment Limited, Chairman of Beijing Lotus Supermarket Chain Store Company Limited, Chairman of SM True Company Limited, Co-Chairman of Shanghai Kinghill Limited - Super Brand Mall, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice Chairman for Marketing and Distribution Business (China) at Charoen Pokphand Group Company Limited, Chief Executive Officer of Real Estate & Land Development Business (China) at Charoen Pokphand Group Company Limited, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of C.P. Lotus Corporation and Executive Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Shanghai Lotus Supermarket Chain Store Company Limited.




							Umroong Sanphasitvong


					
							Mr. Umroong Sanphasitvong serves as Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since November 16, 2001. He is also a member of its Finance, Nominating and Remuneration Committees. He holds Bachelor of Accounting and Master of Accounting from Thammasat University. He serves as Director of CP All Public Company Limited, Allianz C.P. General Insurance Public Company Limited, Siam Makro Public Company, CPPC Public Company Limited, VinaSiam Bank, C.P. Lotus Corporation, Thai Smart Card Company Limited, Grand River Place Corporation Company Limited, Grand River Front Corporation Company Limited, Grand River Park Corporation Company Limited, True Leasing Company Limited, Wire & Wireless Company Limited, True Money Company Limited, True Lifestyle Retail Company Limited, True Properties Company Limited, True Digital Content and Media Company Limited and True Digital Plus Company Limited. He also serves as Deputy Group CFO of Charoen Pokphand Group Company Limited.




							Warapatr Todhanakasem


					
							Prof. Dr. Woraphat Tothanakasem serves as Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since March 1, 2012. He is also a member of the Finance Committee in the company. He holds Ph.D. in Business Economics from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Master of Science in Economics from University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, Master of Business Administration in Finance from Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University, Bachelor in Economics from Thammasat University and LLB from Thammasat University. He also serves as Independent Director of Khon Kaen Sugar Industry Public Company Limited since 2010, Management Consultant at Amata Corporation Public Company Limited since 2009, Chairman and Independent Director of Prinsiri Public Company Limited since 2009, Director of Institute of Research and Development for Public Enterprise of Thailand (IRDP) since June 2012, Member of Sub-Committee on Performance Assessment of Electricity Development Funds, The Office of the Energy Regulatory Commission of Thailand since 2012, Chairman of Pantavanji Company Limited since 2010, Member of the Audit Committee at the Ministry of Transportation since 2010, Arbitrator at The Securities and Exchange Commission since 2010, and Expert Director for the Faculty of Commerce and Accountancy at Thammasat University since 2010. He was President of TRIS Corporation Limited, President of TRIS Rating Company Limited, First Senior Vice President of Kasikorn Bank Public Company Limited, Member of Committee on Drafting Securitization Act, Ministry of Finance, Member Committee on Independent Supervisory Agencies Bureau of State Enterprises and Government Securities of Ministry of Finance, and Member of Search Committee for Managing Director at The Stock Exchange of Thailand.




							Bing Xia







							Joti Bhokavanij


					
							Mr. Joti Bhokavanij serves as Independent Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since December 22, 1999. He is a Fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, England. He graduated from Stanford University, USA. He also serves as Independent Director of Siam Makro Public Company Limited, Independent Director of Loxley Public Company Limited, Chairman of Bangkok Ranch Public Company Limited, Director of True Move Company Limited, Director of Bangkok Inter Teletech Public Company Limited, Director of Kingfisher Holdings Limited and Director of Thai Smart Card Company Limited.




							Rawat Chamchalerm


					
							Prof. Rawat Chamchalerm serves as Independent Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since March 1, 2010. He holds Bachelor of Law (LLB) from Thammasat University and Master of Legal Letters (Master of Law) from Chulalongkorn University. He also serves as Independent Director of Serm Suk Public Company Limited, Chairman of Sino-Thai Engineering and Construction Public Company Limited, Vice Chairman of Don Muang Tollway Public Company Limited, Vice Chairman of Siam City Leasing Factoring Public Company Limited, Expert Member of the Board of Special Case at the Department of Special Investigation (DSI), Director, The Officer of Royal Thai Police, Expert Director of Public Health and Expert Director of Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives. He was with MCOT Public Company Limited, Krung Thai Bank Public Company Limited and Thai Airways International Public Company Limited.




							Xu Genluo







							Harald Link


					
							Mr. Harald Link serves as a Independent Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since March 1, 2010. He joined the board in 2000. He holds MBA from Universitaet St. Gallen, Switzerland. He also serves as Independent Director of Siam City Cement Public Company Limited, Director of G&L Beijer AB and Chairman of B. Grimm Group of Companies.




							Kosol Petchsuwan


					
							Dr. Kosol Petchsuwan serves as Independent Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited since February 11, 1993. He is also a Chairman of the Governance Committee and a member of the Audit Committee in the company. He holds Bachelor of Engineering and Doctor of Philosophy (Engineering) from Imperial College of Science and Technology, London. He also serves as Independent Director of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Thai) Public Company Limited (formerly ACL Bank Public Company Limited). He was Director of Mahidol Wittayanusorn School (Public Organization) (2001-2009), President of The Telecommunications Association of Thailand under Royal Patronage (2001-2005), Chairman of The Aeronautical Radio of Thailand Limited (2000-2001) and Rector at King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang (1986-1992).




							Vitthya Vejjajiva


					
							Mr. Vitthya Vejjajiva served as Independent Director of True Corporation Public Company Limited from January 4, 1999 to July 1, 2017. He was also a Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Governance Committee in the Company. He holds Bachelor of Law (LLB) and Master of Arts from University of Cambridge, and Master of Legal Letters from Harvard University. He also serves as Independent Director of Glow Energy Public Company Limited, Independent Director of Finansa Public Company Limited and Chairman of K Line (Thailand) Company Limited and its subsidiaries. He was Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (1991-1992), Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America (1988), Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Belgium and the European Community (1984), Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Canada (1981), and Director General of Department of International Economic Affairs (1979).











					Basic Compensation





Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Dhanin Chearavanont

--




							Suphachai Chearavanont

--




							Vichaow Rakphongphairoj

--




							Adhiruth Thothaveesansuk

--




							Athueck Asvanund

--




							Ajva Taulananda

--




							Noppadol Dej-Udom

--




							Chatchaval Jiaravanon

--




							Charoen Limkangwanmongkol

--




							Anat Mekpaiboonvatana

--




							Kachorn Chiaravanont

--




							Carl Goodier

--




							William Harris

--




							Siriphot Kunakornphan

--




							Thiti Nantapatsiri

--




							Songtham Phianpattanawit

--




							Papon Ratanachaikanont

--




							Rangsinee Sujaritsunchai

--




							Zhengmao Li

--




							Narong Chearavanont

--




							Soopakij Chearavanont

--




							Umroong Sanphasitvong

--




							Warapatr Todhanakasem

--




							Bing Xia

--




							Joti Bhokavanij

--




							Rawat Chamchalerm

--




							Xu Genluo

--




							Harald Link

--




							Kosol Petchsuwan

--




							Vitthya Vejjajiva

--



As Of 






					Options Compensation





Name
Options
Value




							Dhanin Chearavanont

0
0




							Suphachai Chearavanont

0
0




							Vichaow Rakphongphairoj

0
0




							Adhiruth Thothaveesansuk

0
0




							Athueck Asvanund

0
0




							Ajva Taulananda

0
0




							Noppadol Dej-Udom

0
0




							Chatchaval Jiaravanon

0
0




							Charoen Limkangwanmongkol

0
0




							Anat Mekpaiboonvatana

0
0




							Kachorn Chiaravanont

0
0




							Carl Goodier

0
0




							William Harris

0
0




							Siriphot Kunakornphan

0
0




							Thiti Nantapatsiri

0
0




							Songtham Phianpattanawit

0
0




							Papon Ratanachaikanont

0
0




							Rangsinee Sujaritsunchai

0
0




							Zhengmao Li

0
0




							Narong Chearavanont

0
0




							Soopakij Chearavanont

0
0




							Umroong Sanphasitvong

0
0




							Warapatr Todhanakasem

0
0




							Bing Xia

0
0




							Joti Bhokavanij

0
0




							Rawat Chamchalerm

0
0




							Xu Genluo

0
0




							Harald Link

0
0




							Kosol Petchsuwan

0
0




							Vitthya Vejjajiva

0
0









					Insider Trading




» Full list on Insider Trading
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataTelecommunications ServicesIntegrated Telecommunications Services





























True Corp















 





 
 
 
 
 
 







 



 
 

ร่วมมือกันสร้างฝันให้เป็นจริง
 
 
 

ผู้นำชีวิตคอนเวอร์เจนซ์ของไทย

ลูกค้าบุคคล
ลูกค้าองค์กร
 




mobile


 



internet


 



tv


 



wallet


 



trueyou


 

 

 









True Corporation PCL Swot Analysis - True Corporation PCL Market Size











































































    Agriculture and Animal Care 




Agriculture Equipment 

Agricultural Implements 
Combine Harvesters 
Rotavators 
Tillers 
Tractors 



Animal Care 

Animal Feed 
Animal Health 
Pet 



Crop Protection 

Agriculture Chemical 
Fertilizer 
Net Wrap 
Protected Cultivation 



Farming 

Field Crops 
Fishing 
Fruits and Vegetables 
Irrigation 
Plantations 



Seed 

Conventional Seed 
Hybrid Seed 






    Automotive, Transportation and Warehousing 




Automotive and Automotive Components 

Auto Components 
Automobiles 
Car Rental 
Hybrid Vehicles 
Lubricant 
Used Vehicles 



General Transportation 

Airlines Travel 
Aviation 
Railway 
Travel Intermediaries 



Logistics and Shipping 

Courier 
Packaging 
Transportation 
Value Added Services 
Warehousing 






    Banking Financial Services and Insurance 




Banking 

ATM 
Banknote 
Online Banking 
Retail Banking 



Financial Services 

Credit Rating 
Financial Advisory 
Investment Banking 
Payments 
Private Equity 
Remittance 
Stock Broking 
Vending Machines 
Wealth Management 



Insurance 

General Insurance 
Health Insurance 
Life Insurance 
Motor Insurance 
Reinsurance 



Loans and Advances 

Housing Loan 
Online Loans 
Vehicle Loan 






    Consumer Products and Retail 




Baby Care 

Baby Apparel and Footwear 
Baby Equipment 
Baby Food 
Baby Personal Care 
Maternity Products 



Consumer Electronics 

Audio Systems 
Camera 
Computers and Peripherals 
Large Appliances 
Lighting 
Mobile Phone and Accessories 



Consumer Services 

On-Demand Services 



Cosmetics and Personal Care 

Breath Fresheners 
Cosmeceuticals 
Disposable Consumer Products 
Eye care 
Flavors & Fragrance 
Hair Care 
Herbal Products 
Hygiene 
Nail Care 
Oral Care 
Personal Accessories 
Skin care 
Toiletries 



Home and Office Furnishings 

Air Purifier and Freshner 
Bathing 
Furniture 
Gardening 
Home Appliances 
Kitchenware 
Mattress 
Stationery 
Water Purifier 



Luxury Goods 

Artwork Products 
Cruises and Yachts 
Gems and Jewelry 
Luggage and bags 
Watch 



Sporting Equipments 

Bicycle 
Golf 



Textile, Apparel and Footwear 

Apparel and Footwear 
Apparel and Textile 
Athletic Apparel 
Innerwear 



Wholesale and Retail 

Departmental Stores 
Franchisee 
Grocery 
Store Cards 






    Defense and Security 




Defense 

Aerospace Products 
Air Force 
Aircraft Components 
Army 
Automation and Modernization 
Combat Vehicles 
MRO Services 
Navigational Instruments 
Navy 



Security Devices 

Access Control 
Cyber Security 
Fire Alarm 
Intrusion Alert 
IT Security 
Video Survelliance 



Weapon 

Ballistic Protection 
Military Ammunition 






    Education and Recruitment 




Education 

Corporate Education 
E Learning 
Higher Education 
Pre Primary 
Primary 
Secondary 
Teacher Training 
Test Preparation 
Vocational Education 



Recruitment 







    Energy and Utilities 




Clean Technology 

Biofuel 
Carbon Fibre 
Hydro 
Solar 
Waste Management 
Wind 



Gas 

LNG 
Natural Gas 
Shale Gas 



Oil 

Drilling and Exploration 
EOR 
Equipments and Services 
Fuel Dispenser 
Midstream 
Naphtha 
OCTG 
Oil Storage 
Petroleum Fuels 
Refining 
Upstream 



Power 

Electricity Generation and Transmission 
Inverter and UPS 
Nuclear 
Power Components 
Reservoir development 
Thermal 






    Food, Beverage and Tobacco 




Alcoholic Beverages 

Beer 
Cider 
Country Liquor 
IMFL 
Wine 



Dairy Products 

Butter 
Cheese 
Cream 
Dairy Products 
Milk 
Skim Milk Powder 
Soymilk 
Whey Powder 
Whole Milk Powder 
Yogurt and Ice Cream  



Food Services 

Catering 
Food Kiosks 
Quick Service Restaurant 



General Food 

Confectionary 
Cooking Oil 
Dry Fruits 
Flour Products 
Food Ingredients 
Frozen Food 
Gluten 
Organic Food 
Packaged food 
Processed Food 
Ready to Eat 
Spice 
Sugar 
Vending Machine 



Non Alcoholic Beverages 

Bottled Water 
Carbonated Soft Drinks 
Energy & Sports Drink 
Hot Beverage 
Iced Tea and Coffee 
Juice 



Tobacco Products 

Cigar 
Cigarette 
Hookah 
Smokeless Tobacco 






    Healthcare 




Diagnostics 

Diagnostic Lab 
In Vitro Diagnostics 
Sleep Apnea 



General Healthcare 

Biotechnology 
Healthcare IT 
Home Healthcare 
Hospitals and Clinics 
Old Age Homes 
Surgery 
Wellness 
Wound Care 



Medical Devices 

Aesthetic Laser 
Biopsy Devices 
Bone Growth Stimulators 
Cardiovascular 
Consumables 
Dental Equipment 
Diagnostic Imaging 
ENT 
Neurology Devices 
Orthopedic 



Pharmaceuticals 

Active Pharmaceutical Ingredient 
Blood Product 
CRAMS 
Diabetes 
Nutritional and Dietary Supplements 
Osteoporosis 
OTC Drug 
Pharmaceutical 
Pharmacy Stores 
Prescribed Drug 
Respiratory 
Vaccine 






    Manufacturing and Construction 




Construction Materials 

Aluminum 
Bricks and Blocks 
Cement 
Ceramics 
Electric Material 
Explosives 
Glass 
Hardware Materials 
Marbles and Granite 
Paper 
Refractory Materials 
Roofing Products 
Sanitaryware 
Steel 
Windows and Doors 
Wood 



Industrial Engineering 

Industrial Automation 
Interior Designing 



Infrastructure 

Construction 
Shipbuilding 



Machinery and Parts 

Construction Machinery 
Elevator and Escalator 
Home Automation 
Machinery Components 
Pipe and Valve 
Power Tools 
Pump 
Stamping Machine 
Tapes 



Other Manufacturing Activities 

MSME 



Real Estate 

Commercial 
Facility Management 
Green building 
Hotel 
Real Estate Consultancy 
Real Estate Investment Trust 
Residential 
Retail 






    Media and Entertainment 




Advertising 

Online Advertising 
Outdoor Advertising 



Films And Animation 

Music Stores & Instruments 
Online Music 
Theater 
Video Rental 



Gaming and Gambling 

Casino 
Online Gaming 
Theme Park 
Toys 
Video Game 



Information Services, Newspaper and Magazines 

Intelligence and Analytics 
Marketing 
Public 
Publishing 
Relations 



Tourism 

Medical Tourism 



TV, Radio and Broadcasting 

Cable 
IPTV 
Pay TV 






    Metal, Mining and Chemicals 




Chemicals 

Adhesive and Sealants 
Coating 
Fine Chemicals 
Organic Chemicals 
Paint 
Petrochemicals 
Plastics 
Polymer Materials 
Rubber 
Specialty Chemicals 



Metals & Minerals 

Ferrous Metals 
Non Ferrous Metals 



Mining 

Bauxite Mining 
Coal Mining 
Copper Mining 
Gold Mining 
Iron Ore Mining 
Other Mining 






    Public Sector and Administration 




Legal Services 




Public Services 




Religion 

funeral 
Wedding 






    Technology and Telecom 




IT and ITES 

E Commerce 
Embeded Systems 
Hosting 
ICT 
Process Outsourcing 
Semiconductor 
Software and Digital Content 
Technology Hardware 



Telecommunications and Networking 

Cloud Services 
Mobile Broadband 
MVAS 
Networking and Communication Equipment 
Smartphone 
Wireless 
Wireline 































 Advanced Search 




  




  CALL US NOW :
                  +1 855 298 4489(TOLL FREE)







  query [@] kenresearch.com









          0        



 







 Login
                


Email address



Password

Forgot the password ?







                      keep me logged-in 



 New here ? Join Us 












"Thanks for registering with us. Please login your your account."





Register











@@ Please be patient!! Your registration is in progress.
                            it will take few moment. 






Name*
:



Password*
:



Confirm Password*
:



Phone No.*
:



Email Id*
:
   Provide corporate/ academic email id only. In case of personal email id, provide Linkedin profile link in the company address 


Company Name
:
 		   Company Name and Address is required for invoicing process. 






Company Address*
:
    Company Name and Address is required for invoicing process. 


State*
:
 


Country*
:

Select
Afghanistan
Algeria
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam 
Bulgaria
Canada
Czech Republic
Chile 
China 
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
England
Finland
France
Germany
Guatemala
Greece
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Maldives
Malta
Mexico
Monaco
Morocco
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway 
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Singapore
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yugoslavia
Wales
Others




Pin Code
:




Validation:*


   If validation code does not match, please refresh the page.



                                Subscribe for the Newsletter


 
 






























Forgot password ? 













Email Id*
:



 
 




























Forgot password ? 













Email Id*
:



 
 





























 About Us
 Services
 Categories
 News
 Contact Us







You Are Here
>
Home
>


        Technology and Telecom        
>

                Telecommunications and Networking













select a format



 












Single User License



USD 99
INR 6298














Site License



USD 198
INR 12597














Corporate User License



USD 297
INR 18895
























Alternatively






Request a quote


"Thanks for submitting the form. Our marketing team will connect back to you for the budget constraint."







request a Quote












Name*
:



Designation*
:



Email*
:



Phone No.*
:



Company Name*
:



Company URL*
:



Current Budget
:



Security code
:

   
If validation Code Does Not Match Please Refresh The Page.


Report Title
:
True Corporation PCL-Company Profile and Financial Analysis 




Quote Request for License Type




License Type
 
License Rights
Price


Single User License
:-
Electronic PDF for Single User; No Print; No Copy; only Internal Use
USD 99






Site License
:-
Electronic PDF for Site Use across Authorised Users in a Single Location with Print and Copy Rights; only Internal Use
USD 198




Enterprise Wide License
:-
Electronic PDF for Enterprise wide across Multiple Locations with Print and Copy Rights; only Internal Use
USD 297






 


















Request a Customized research

"Thanks for letting us know your requirement. Our research team will connect back to you for the bespoke requirement."








request a customized research












Name*
:



Designation*
:



Email*
:



Phone No.*
:



Company Name*
:



Company URL*
:



Current Budget
:



Report Title
:
True Corporation PCL-Company Profile and Financial Analysis 


Requirement
:





Timeline ( In Working Days )
:



Security code
:

   
If validation Code Does Not Match Please Refresh The Page.




Quote Request for License Type




License Type
 
License Rights
Price


Single User License
:-
Electronic PDF for Single User; No Print; No Copy; only Internal Use
USD 99






Site License
:-
Electronic PDF for Site Use across Authorised Users in a Single Location with Print and Copy Rights; only Internal Use
USD 198




Enterprise Wide License
:-
Electronic PDF for Enterprise wide across Multiple Locations with Print and Copy Rights; only Internal Use
USD 297






 


















Request for Sample Report


"Thank you for submitting the form. The concerned team will will get back to you within next 24 hours."
"Thank you for downloading the sample report."







request For sample Report












Report Title
:
True Corporation PCL-Company Profile and Financial Analysis 


Name*
:



Designation*
:



Email*
:



Phone No.*
:



Company Name*
:



Company URL*
:



Security code
:

   
If validation Code Does Not Match Please Refresh The Page.

Requirement
:






 























NEWSLETTER BY CATEGORY
FOR REGULAR UPDATES ON OUR LATEST RESEARCH REPORTS

Subscribe Newsletter





 

  







Interested Areas




Agriculture and Animal Care



Automotive, Transportation and Warehousing



Banking Financial Services and Insurance



Consumer Products and Retail



Defense and Security



Education and Recruitment



Energy and Utilities



Food, Beverage and Tobacco



Healthcare



Manufacturing and Construction



Media and Entertainment



Metal, Mining and Chemicals



Public Sector and Administration



Technology and Telecom












FAQ


Clientele
















Recent Viewed Reports









Why Ken Reasearch?




  









 
 Compare Reports to make Purchase Decision 
 
 Prepaid Account 
                                to Get 
                                you Valuable Discount
 
 customized research 
                                for business study
 
 Purchase 
                                the section 
                                to save on
                                next
                                research











Testimonials




This is with regards to your report on India PVC pipes and fitting market outlook industry outlook to 2019. This is a very well written report and accept my compliments on the same.... ... "Mohit Mittal, Consultant, KPMG Advisory Services"
I am pleased to see the very useful and productive information in the report..Very well structured great presentation reflect professionalism in your research studies.... "Mustafa Masood, Financial Analyst , Coldwell Banker Riyadh"
While we still are studying and analysing your reports about Vietnam & Thailand, we would like to convey to your research team that they have done a very good job in compiling so much of information together. 
We hope to see more of such well researched reports. 
All the best & keep it up. 
... "Prashant Bhagwat,General Manager, Mahindra"
We would like to appreciate Ken Research for their great efforts and wonderful support in providing the Market Intelligence Report for ITPC. The information, statistics and research are well understandable and very clear to the point. We are happy with Ken research for their good client service, on-time delivery of the report and as said the report itself. Thank you Ken research for bringing the valuable output for us. We would be looking forward to have more research with you in the near future. Wish you a success in your business!... "Jestin Mathew, Indonesian Trade Promotion Center"
The Report was very interesting and useful for me... "Marketing Manager, Western Union Business Solutions"


















True Corporation PCL-Company Profile and Financial Analysis 







Products Id :- SP0266CR 
|
Pages: 32
|
March 2016
|
Region: 
                             Asia
|






GlobalData
|
Equity Research Report









   Request for Sample Report















 < 
Previous


 > 
Next











Summary
Scope
List of Figure
List of table
Licence Rights
Companies
Products






Executive Summary
ICD Research's "True Corporation PCL-Company Profile & Financial Analysis" contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, financial ratios, financial analysis, mergers & acquisitions, recent developments, key employees, company locations and subsidiaries.
Key Findings
This report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about "True Corporation PCL"
The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. ICD Research strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.
Synopsis
Identifies crucial company information about "True Corporation PCL" along with major products and services for business intelligence requirements.
Provides key ratios on company's financial performance.
Identifies key employees to assist with key business decisions.
Provides annual and interim financial ratios.
Reasons To Buy
Enhance your understanding of "True Corporation PCL"
Increase business/sales activities by understanding customers� businesses better.
Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.
Qualify prospective partners, affiliates or suppliers.
Acquire up-to-date company information and an understanding of the company�s financial health.
Key Highlights
True Corporation Public Company Limited (True Corporation) is a communications solution and service provider. The company offers products such as smartphones, tablets, aircards, SIMs, gadgets and smart home devices. It also provides business mobile, fixed line phones, internet and data products, voice solution, internet data solutions, convergence solution and industry solutions. True Corporation offers services including pay-TV service, mobile telecommunications service, electronic cash and payment service, international roaming service, VoIP services, broadband and internet services, data services and international direct dialing services. The company caters its products to enterprises, education, property, SMEs, government and public sectors. It has operations throughout Thailand. True Corporation is headquartered in Bangkok, Thailand.
  Contact Us:
 
Ken Research 
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
ankur [@] kenresearch.com 
+91-9015378249
www.kenresearch.com






 1 True Corporation PCL-Key Employees
2 True Corporation PCL-Major Products and Services
3 True Corporation PCL-Key Events
4 True Corporation PCL-Locations and Subsidiaries
4.1 True Corporation PCL-Head Office
4.2 True Corporation PCL-Other Locations and Subsidiaries
5 True Corporation PCL-Business Analysis
5.1 True Corporation PCL-Company Overview
6 True Corporation PCL-Company Financial Analysis
6.1 True Corporation PCL-Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators
7 True Corporation PCL-Interim ratios
7.1.1 True Corporation PCL-Financial ratios: Capital Market Ratios
7.2 True Corporation PCL-Financial Performance and Ratio Charts
7.2.1 True Corporation PCL-Revenue and Operating margin
7.2.2 True Corporation PCL-Asset and Liabilities
7.2.3 True Corporation PCL-Net Debt vs. Gearing Ratio
7.2.4 True Corporation PCL-Solvency
7.2.5 True Corporation PCL-Valuation
7.3 True Corporation PCL-Competitive Benchmarking
7.3.1 True Corporation PCL-Market Capitalization
7.3.2 True Corporation PCL-Efficiency
7.3.3 True Corporation PCL-Turnover: Inventory and Asset
7.3.4 True Corporation PCL-Liquidity
8 True Corporation PCL-Mergers & Acquisitions and Partnerships
8.1 True Corporation PCL-M&A and Partnerships Strategy
9 True Corporation PCL-Recent Developments
10 Appendix
10.1 Methodology
10.2 True Corporation PCL-Ratio Definitions
10.3 Disclaimer






Figure 1: True Corporation PCL-Revenue and Operating Profit
Figure 2: True Corporation PCL-Asset and Liabilities
Figure 3: True Corporation PCL-Net Debt vs. Gearing Ratio
Figure 4: True Corporation PCL-Solvency
Figure 5: True Corporation PCL-Valuation
Figure 6: True Corporation PCL-Market Capitalization
Figure 7: True Corporation PCL-Efficiency
Figure 8: True Corporation PCL-Turnover: Inventory and Asset
Figure 9: True Corporation PCL-Liquidity






Table 1: True Corporation PCL-Key Employees
Table 2: True Corporation PCL-Major Products and Services
Table 3: True Corporation PCL-Key Events
Table 4: True Corporation PCL-Subsidiaries
Table 5: True Corporation PCL-Annual ratios
Table 6: True Corporation PCL-Interim ratios
Table 7: True Corporation PCL-Capital Market Ratios






Single User License:
                        Report can be used by individual purchaser only
Site License:
                        Report can be shared by unlimited users within one corporate location, e.g. a regional office
Corporate User License: 
                        Report can be shared globally by unlimited users within the purchasing corporation e.g. all employees of a single company








To know more information on Purchase by Section, please send a mail to query [@] kenresearch.com  
 









True Corporation PCL






True Corporation PCL, Thailand, Technology and Communications, ICD Research, company overview, Key facts, major products and services, competitive benchmarking, key employees, locations and subsidiaries, financial ratios.



















Related Products in vertical




South Korea: Operator Investments in 5G and Fiber to Support Growth of IPTV and New Value-Added Services 
              GlobalData |   Page 34 | July 2017 Read More 







Malaysia: Expansion of High-Speed Wireless and Fixed Broadband Networks to Drive Telecom Market Growth 
              GlobalData |   Page 39 | July 2017 Read More 







India: Intense Competition in Mobile Services Segment to Result in Market Consolidation 
              GlobalData |   Page 46 | July 2017 Read More 











Other reports by publisher




India: Intense Competition in Mobile Services Segment to Result in Market Consolidation 
              GlobalData |   Page 46 | July 2017 Read More 







South Korea: Operator Investments in 5G and Fiber to Support Growth of IPTV and New Value-Added Services 
              GlobalData |   Page 34 | July 2017 Read More 







Malaysia: Expansion of High-Speed Wireless and Fixed Broadband Networks to Drive Telecom Market Growth 
              GlobalData |   Page 39 | July 2017 Read More 


















Company


Home
About Us
Services
Categories
News
Contact Us
Careers
RSS Feeds






Quick links


Blog
Industry Reports
Equity Research Reports
Country Research Reports
Deal Directory
Publishers
Upcoming Publication 
Latest Publications






Other Links


Discounted Reports
Discount Coupons
Media Releases
Testimonial
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
FAQ's
SITE MAP






Contact Us


Ken Research Pvt. Ltd. 27A, Tower B-2, Spaze I Tech Business Park, Sohna Road, sector 49 
	 &nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbsp&nbspGurgaon, Haryana  - 122001, India 
 +91 1244230204




Follow us




























Wish to Know more
About Us







download
Company Brochure












For Further Enquiry
careers







apply for job





"Your resume has been successfully received. HR will connect you within 14 days in case your resume gets shortlisted."




Come On! We Need You

Make a start to an incredible career









Applicant Name*







Job function*




Job function
Market Research Associate
Market research analyst
SEO Executive
Content Writer
Web Designer
Hr Specialist




Total Experience






Year




Year
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10








Months




Months
Year
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12






Skills






Email ID *












Notice Period






Current CTC & Expected CTC





CTC(Monthly)









Expected CTC(monthly)








Phone Number*









Validation:


     If validation code does not match, please refresh the page.





 







 























Know how We Roll
Our services







Engage with Us
query [@] kenresearch.com







"Thanks for submitting the form. Please refer to the attached brochure."



Company Brochure



Name*

Email*

Company Name*

Select Country*

Select
Afghanistan
Algeria
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam 
Bulgaria
Canada
Czech Republic
Chile 
China 
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
England
Finland
France
Germany
Guatemala
Greece
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Maldives
Malta
Mexico
Monaco
Morocco
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway 
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Singapore
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yugoslavia
Wales
Others


Phone No.*

Validation*

    If validation code does not match, please refresh the page.













"Thanks for submitting the form. The concerned team will respond to your query in the next 8-12 hours"



Engage with Us



Name*

Designation*

Email*

Phone No.*

Company Name*

Company URL*

Select Country*

Select
Afghanistan
Algeria
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Bermuda
Bolivia
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam 
Bulgaria
Canada
Czech Republic
Chile 
China 
Colombia
Costa Rica
Croatia
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
England
Finland
France
Germany
Guatemala
Greece
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kenya
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Maldives
Malta
Mexico
Monaco
Morocco
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway 
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Scotland
Singapore
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Turkey
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Venezuela
Vietnam
Yugoslavia
Wales
Others

Requirements/ Comments*

Validation*
    If validation code does not match, please refresh the page.























Net Wrap 
/  Store Cards 
/  Dry Fruits 
/  On-Demand Services 
/  Online Music 
/  Bicycle 
/  Personal Accessories 
/  Herbal Products 
/  Food Kiosks 
/  Upstream 
/  Bricks and Blocks 
/  Stamping Machine 
/  Hookah 
/  Fishing 
/  Breath Fresheners 
/  Respiratory 
/  Neurology Devices 
/  Petrochemicals 
/  Power Tools 
/  Reservoir development 
/  Petroleum Fuels 
/  Audio Systems 
/  Specialty Chemicals 
/  Polymer Materials 
/  Process Outsourcing 
/  Intelligence and Analytics 
/  Artwork Products 
/  Processed Food 
/  MRO Services 
/  Aerospace Products 
/  Bone Growth Stimulators 
/  Midstream 
/  Baby Equipment 
/  Rubber 
/  Equipments and Services 
/  Airlines Travel 
/  Electricity Generation and Transmission 
/  Fuel Dispenser 
/  Refining 
/  Biopsy Devices 























Compare

















My Shortlist 






Compare
My Shortlist












 





























