





Wataniya Palestine (WPT) allocated spectrum to start operations of its mobile network - Wataniya Mobile

























































Connect with us















العربية



















About Us

Investor Relations
Corporate InformationFinancial DataShare InformationNews and EventsInvestor's info updateFAQs
Contact Us




Search



Search






































 Wataniya Mobile » About Us »  » 2008 Press Releases  










Wataniya Palestine (WPT) allocated spectrum to start operations of its mobile network






29 تموز 2008Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Company (WPT) and its shareholders Wataniya Telecom (National Mobile Telecommunications Company – NMTC; 51% owned by Qatar Telecom QSC (Qtel)) and the Palestine Investment Fund (PIF) are pleased to announce receipt of an official communication from the Palestinian Ministry of Telecommunications and Information Technology (MTIT) confirming that an agreement has been reached for spectrum to be allocated to the Palestinian National Authority (PNA). 
The spectrum agreement, which provides for a staged release of radio frequencies over the next several months, meets key requirements to enable construction and commercial launch of WPT’s mobile network. The released spectrum frequencies will be allocated by the PNA to WPT, which was established in December 2006 as a joint venture between Wataniya Telecom and the PIF.Commenting on this development, the Chairman of Qtel and Wataniya Telecom, His Excellency Sheikh Abdullah Al Thani said “WPT represents one of the most significant foreign investments in the history of Palestine. Despite delays in securing the required frequencies, Wataniya Telecom and Qtel have always been fully committed to this venture. We look forward to launching commercial operations in Palestine and we are very confident that WPT will be a success story that will attract other foreign investors to the Palestinian market.”
On behalf of the Palestinian shareholders, the CEO of the PIF, Dr. Mohammad Mustafa, said “The PIF partnered with Wataniya Telecom to establish WPT with a common understanding of the strategic importance of the telecommunications sector for our economy. With the resolution of the frequency allocations we now look forward to the more than 2,500 new direct and indirect jobs that the company is expected to help create in the next few years, and the millions of dollars that will be poured into the economy on business services.”
Also commenting on this development, the CEO of WPT, Mr. Allan Richardson, said “With the forthcoming launch of WPT, a new chapter of competition in the Palestinian market will be opened, in which the consumer will be the ultimate winner. Our team in Palestine already includes more than 75 Palestinian professionals, working side by side with telecommunications experts from around the world, to build a world-class telecommunications company that will work tirelessly to exceed Palestinian consumers’ expectations. Our team will now begin to focus on building our network and other components of our operational infrastructure in preparations for our commercial launch. WPT would like to extend its gratitude to all who supported the company since its establishment, especially the Ministry of Telecommunications and Information Technology, and looks forward to working with all stakeholders as it prepares for its launch”.
About: 
Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Company  - WPT WPT was established in December 2006 as a partnership between Wataniya Telecom (NMTC) and the Palestine Investment Fund. The company was formed after Wataniya Telecom, now majority owned by Qatar Telecom (Qtel),  won a tender issued by the Palestinian National Authority for the license to build and operate the second mobile telecommunications network in Palestine. WPT is 57% owned by NMTC and 43% by PIF.Qatar Telecom QSC - QtelQatar Telecom (Qtel) is a diversified telecommunications group with three business lines including consumer telephony, consumer broadband and corporate managed services, and is committed to expansion in line with the company’s strategic vision of becoming a global top-20 telecommunications provider by the year 2020. Qtel is a full service telecommunications service provider in the state of Qatar. In addition, over the past 24 months, Qtel has expanded its geographic footprint from 2 to 16 countries within the Middle East and Asia. Since the most recent acquisition of 40.8% in PT Indosat, Qtel has expanded to 44 million customers.
Palestine Investment Fund – PIF The Palestine Investment Fund (PIF) was established in 2000 as an independent Palestinian investment company committed to maximizing the assets’ value for its primary shareholders, namely, the Palestinian people. PIF’s vision aims at creating a stimulating investment environment that benefits the Palestinian people and is founded on the desire to augment domestic investments in various economic sectors, the most important of which are those of telecommunications, real estate, tourism, and energy.
Wataniya Telecom /  National Mobile Telecommunications Company (NMTC) Wataniya Telecom was commercially launched in 1999 as the first privately owned mobile operator in Kuwait. In March 2007, Qatar Telecom (Qtel) acquired a 51% interest in Wataniya Telecom. Wataniya is a customer driven company that aims to provide product and service excellence leading to real customer value. The company has been a driving force in increasing the mobile market penetration in Kuwait (over 80%). Wataniya Telecom has grown rapidly through acquisitions and enjoys a major presence in the Middle East and North Africa Region, driving operations in Kuwait, Maldives, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Algeria and Palestine. For more information about Wataniya, please visit www.wataniya.com. 






OverviewOverviewVision and ValuesWhy Wataniya MobileOur PartnersOur MilestonesBoard of DirectorsExecutive Management Investor RelationsCorporate InformationFinancial DataShare InformationNews and EventsInvestor's info updateContact UsFAQsAnnouncements for ShareholdersContact Us























   Wataniya                                 Thursday, Aug 3, 2017                   HIGHLIGHTS: Finance · Cyprus · Egypt · Japan · Government · Asia · Africa · Sri Lanka · Infrastructure     Seguir a @TheWorldfolio        WATANIYA          Wataniya Telecom123 was commercially launched in 1999 as the first privately owned operator in Kuwait. Qtel originally made the offer to all other shareholders of Wataniya Telecom Kuwait on 4 September 2012. As a result of the tender offer, Qtel will be increasing its shareholding in Wataniya Telecom Kuwait from 52.5% to 92.1%. Wataniya is a customer driven company that aims to provide product and service excellence that is leading to a real customer value...The company has been a driving force in increasing the mobile market penetration in Kuwait (over 80%) Wataniya Telecom has grown rapidly through acquisitions and enjoys a remarkable expansion in MENA & ASIA. Driving operations in Kuwait, Maldives, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Algeria and in 2007 in Palestine.Address: Wataniya Telecom Wataniya Tower Ahmed Al Jaber Street Plot 1A, Sharq Area Kuwait City Phone number: (965) 1805 555 Fax: (965) 2242 3369 Web: http://www.wataniya.comRELATED NEWS    CONTACT THIS COMPANY   I accept the terms of service and privacy policy of this site.  Incorrect please try again  Type the solution: Enter the numbers you hear:                  This CAPTCHA value is invalid.  MOST READ LATEST PUBLICATIONS TAGS        1   Clear view of a bright future        2   Special zones help increase industrialization and offer incentives to investors        3   APEC 2015 host targets expansion across the board        4   Panama Summit to usher in new era of inter-American relations        5   BMCE Bank, a beacon of financial strength        6   A new class of construction        7   The Global African Investment Summit 2015 showcases Africa’s global competitiveness        8   ANGOLA EPA- Extraordinary Progress Achieved        9   Reforestation gains from hi-tech training        10   Soil wealth: Africa’s potential next growth frontier           1   Foreign investments in mining, oil and gas to drive future growth        2   Shrinking domestic market pushes Japan Inc. abroad        3   Modernisation of the healthcare sector to further attract private investment        4   The Rebirth of Japan Inc.        5   Technology, creative economy drive Bandung’s growth        6   A prototype of policies to curb social challenges common in Western societies        7   Green, prosperous and at the heart of ASEAN        8   Japan Inc. leverages monozukuri philosophy        9   Government on mission to create enabling environment for the private sector        10   Rail firms look to boost regional tourism    Minister of State AmCham Israel 2015 KCMCC Free Zone Rafael Zamora Fernandez Pearls Maitha Al Mahrouqi Ihab Hinnawi  BLOG    ENTREPRENEURSHIP: An overused concept for an underused reality. 2017/07/13 When being part of a generation on which the flag of entrepreneurship seems to be constantly waving in the sea of young professionals looking to succeed in the business world, more often than not, we tend to drown in the... Read More    FOLLOW US                 SUBSCRIBE Receive our morning round up of the latest news, features and editorials     FACEBOOK     The Worldfolio   LINKEDIN       TWITTER   Tweets by @TheWorldfolio              COUNTRY ARTICLES AND INTERVIEWS                                                        © Worldfolio Ltd.    The Worldfolio provides intelligence about the economies with the highest growth potential in the world, with a focus on understanding them from within.   NEWS Countries Categories Companies Articles Interviews Archive Blog   PUBLICATIONS All Asia - Pacific África Europa Eastern Europe and the CIS North America & Caribbean South America Middle East   ABOUT About us Contact us Advertising Careers      SUBSCRIBE Receive our morning round up of the latest news, features and editorials      FOLLOW US                    | Terms and conditions  - Privacy policy  - Cookies policy.              
]> 



	Wataniya Telecom - Kuwait






















Home
Guides
Sitemap
Contact




Doing Business In  
          Kuwait







HomeForewordsThe GuideSupporting OrganisationsPartner ProfilesResources & Useful LinksAbout IMA

















 







 


Wataniya Telecom
P.O Box 613 Safat
 13007 Kuwait
Tel: (965) 180 5555
 Fax: (965) 224 23369
www.wataniya.com
Follow us on:
Facebook: www.facebook.com/wataniya
Twitter: www.twitter.com/wataniyatelecom
Blog: www.wataniya.com/blog




Wataniya - Kuwait
About Wataniya Kuwait
Wataniya is the second largest mobile telecommunications
operator in Kuwait: one of the most competitive and fast-paced
mobile markets in the Gulf region.  Serving a significant
share of Kuwait's mobile customers, Wataniya has built its success
on three strategic pillars: offering innovative services, providing
excellent network quality and delivering outstanding customer
service.
Wataniya Kuwait brings a wide range of prepaid and postpaid
mobile voice and data services to individuals and corporate
customers. Its data services offer a secure and wireless internet
connection which is compatible with laptops, PCs and mobile phones.
Wataniya also provides several programs and plans that are designed
specifically for different segments of the market. WPro offers
business efficiency tools that are ideal for corporate customers.
There is Wink, designed mainly for young adults between 12-26 years
and gives them discounts at popular stores in Kuwait along with a
subsidized voice plan. InTouch is another specialized offering from
Wataniya Kuwait targeted to foreigners living in the country; they
can benefit from free international minutes every month to their
home country. Over and above this, Wataniya Kuwait has introduced
several new value added services such as "Follow Me"," and "Friends
and Family" that enable customers to optimize their experience with
Wataniya.
Ownership
The Qtel Group holds a 52.5% stake in Wataniya Telecom (NMTC)
which is a listed stock on the Kuwait Stock Exchange. NMTC is the
legal entity owning shares in Wataniya Maldives, Bravo, Tunisiana,
Nedjma and Wataniya Palestine.
Wataniya's achievements
In Kuwait's highly competitive communications marketplace,
Wataniya continues to hold a strong market position.  This
strong positioning is the result of Wataniya's unrelenting
strategic attention to service excellence, supported by its strong
in-market brand presence and by a targeted product suite focused on
clear market segments.
An important emphasis for Wataniya this year has been rewarding
customer loyalty.  Launched in October, 2010, the "Wataniya
Rewards Program" provides customers with a range of telecom and
non-telecom rewards which are redeemable with local stores, based
upon their network usage.  In addition to rewarding loyalty,
Wataniya has also paid careful attention this year to ensuring the
on-going satisfaction of its subscriber base.  This has taken
the form of on-going network improvements, such as the introduction
of a third core data centre as well as upgrades to support the roll
out of high speed HSPA+ broadband services.
The rolling out of new services and programs has also played its
part, particularly in the enterprise segment where Wataniya's
"WPro" corporate arm has started to capitalize on the currently
underserved, but growing, "small businesses and home enterprise"
market. In addition to this Wataniya Kuwait launched an exclusive
program for its high-end customers called "The W's" which caters to
the luxurious needs of high-spenders.















Wataniya has always been able to understand the needs of the
market and responds to the changes in the customers' lifestyle by
giving them products and offers that match their preferences. The
new economical BlackBerry packages starting at KD 7 opened the
world of smartphones to everyone. The Net-on-Phone service made the
iPhone and androids even more convenient and customized.
Wataniya also offers over 50 exciting value added services to
its wide customer base. In the end of 2010, Wataniya partnered with
Universal Music, Melody and Mazzika to launch a music application
via which people can download and listen to their favourite songs
plus they can participate in contests to win concerts tickets and
meet music icons. Since number portability has still not been
introduced in Kuwait, Wataniya came up with a unique service called
I-Move-To that makes switching to a Wataniya number easy and
convenient for all potential customers. Through this service new
subscribers can inform all their callers about their Wataniya
number via voice prompts and SMS. Over and above these services
there are many other exciting options that enhance communication
experiences and add value to consumers' lives such as BlockU that
helps customers to control their incoming calls and SMS by blocking
unwanted numbers. There is Call Me Back Service to help customer
reduce the cost on roaming calls while traveling. The Smart Roamer
service offers reduced rates on internet roaming to name a few.
The Wataniya brand received a significant boost last year with a
refreshed and enhanced brand identity. This brand development
exercise was undertaken to refine the brand image, streamline
business strategy and further differentiate the company from its
competitors.  The revitalizedbrand was launched to great
acclaim in June of 2010.
Wataniya's consistent development strategies have earned
itseveral awards and appreciation from and the people of
Kuwait.


For the second year consecutively, Wataniya Kuwait was honoured
with the internationally coveted "Superbrand" status in recognition
of its reputation and strength within the marketplace.


Wataniya also won the "CommsMEA Editors 2010 Award" for
outstanding achievements and best practises in the telecom field
with special awards for Wataniya's youth program Wink and VIP
program The W's


Wataniya was further commemorated with the "Super Hero Award"
for the best telecom operator in Kuwait and an "Honourable Mention
Award" for Internet Service Provider in 2010.


Last but not the least Wataniya received the Best "Knowalk"
Award for its superior performance and outstanding excellence in
corporate social responsibility.


Wataniya Telecom continues to be recognised and awarded for its
innovation, performance and customer experience in the telecom
world. In June 2011, the Arabian Business Magazine have chosen the
17 top most companies of Kuwait as the best in their industry and
honoured them with a trophy. The winners were selected based on
their contribution and performance. In the telecom sector, Wataniya
won the "Best Telecom Operator in Kuwait". Wataniya dedicates this
prestigious award to all its customers and would like to thank them
for their generous support and trust.


Wataniya's Social Responsibility
Wataniya also invested heavily in several corporate social
responsibility campaigns throughout 2010. The biggest success was
GiveKuwait. This was a social media campaign dedicated to Kuwait's
50th anniversary and it ran for eight weeks. The
campaign gave people a chance to express their love for Kuwait by
posting pictures, songs and videos on the GiveKuwait portal. 1.2
million people viewed and participated in this interactive online
event.
Wataniya also launched an E-Waste campaign that encouraged
people to dispose of their old phones and accessories in an
environmentally friendly manner. By partnering with EnviroServe,
the biggest e-waste management company in the Middle-East, Wataniya
was able to create awareness about the hazards of electronic waste.
To encourage participation, Wataniya organized a raffle draw and
gave away exciting prizes.
Several other social responsibility initiatives were introduced
throughout 2010 and they included the Ramadan Iftar event,
scholarships were given away to encourage sports and education to
various schools. Furthermore a press conference was organized to
create awareness about Multiple Sclerosis and even a blood donation
drive was planned.
Wataniya in the year ahead
Wataniya enters 2011 in a strong position, well placed to
continue to meet the challenges and reap the rewards of operating
in the highly dynamic Kuwaiti market.Competition remains high, but
opportunities continue to exist in the shape of new segments and
services.Wataniya will also focus on developing its Customer
Experience initiative that will seek new and innovative ways to
ensure smooth, hassle-free and friendly interactions. A specialized
team will be developed and trained that will streamline business
processes, record detailed customer feedback and find solutions to
help Wataniya identify opportunities and build a company that is
highly customer focussed.
Executive Quote
"We continue to demonstrate a clear sense of what drives our
customers and we are proud of the strong position our revitalised
brand occupies in Kuwait.  We have worked hard to earn this
trust and loyalty, choosing to focus on what matters most to our
customers: a high quality of service. Whatever the market
challenges, we believe that this dedication to service will enable
us to continue our progress in the year ahead." 














 

IMA © 2015






Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy











 Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications PSC (WPT) - Company Details on Zawya MENA Edition

















































×
Sector Definitions










Telecommunications






Telecommunications Services






Wireless Communications Services






Mobile Telecom Operators
















							Companies that provide transmission of and access to voice, data, text, sound, and video communication services via airwaves.  Includes companies that operate and maintain mobile network operators, mobile telecommunications resellers, paging and messaging carriers, and other wireless telecommunication service providers. 
						

							Companies that provide transmission of and access to voice, data, text, sound, and video and text communication services via airwaves through mobile phones (using GSM, CDMA, TDMA, and other technologies) .  The industry includes companies that operate and maintain switching and transmission facilities to provide voice communication using microwave and satellite. The companies must acquire licenses from the government in order to provide mobile phone lines and related services for mobile phone subscribers.
						

							Companies that provide transmission of and access to voice, data, text, sound, and video communication services.  The companies operate and manage wired and wireless transmission facilities and networks; design, manufacture, market, distribute, and resell equipment used for such communication; in addition to companies that provide related support services such as systems installation, repair, maintenance, and other services. 
						

							Companies that provide transmission of and access to voice, data, text, sound, and video communication services.  The industry includes companies that operate and maintain telephone, mobile, messaging, internet and other networks in addition to resellers, infrastructure developers, telecommunications investment companies, and other telecommunications service providers.
						

















                       THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS 



 Solutions for Corporations 


Eikon


FX Trading


World-Check One


Enhanced Due Diligence


Compliance Learning


Org ID


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing


ONESOURCE Global Trade Management


Legal Managed Services


MatterSphere


Thomson Reuters Projects


Islamic Economy




 Solutions for Emerging Business 


Thomson Reuters Projects


Accelerate SME


Islamic Economy


Business Development MENA




 Solutions for Financial Institutions 


Eikon


Thomson Reuters Elektron


Thomson Reuters FX Trading


World-Check One


Enhanced Due Diligence


Compliance Learning


Org ID


ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager


Legal Managed Services


Westlaw Middle East


Thomson Reuters Practical Law


Islamic Economy


Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME




 Solutions for Governments 


Eikon


Elektron


Eikon Auctions


Revenue Management


World-Check One


Regulatory Intelligence


Audit Manager


Compliance Learning


Enhanced Due Diligence


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


Thomson Reuters Aumentum


Westlaw Middle East


Thomson Reuters MatterSphere


Thomson Reuters ProView


C-Track


Practical Law


Thomson Reuters Projects


Islamic Economy


Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME




 Solutions for Professionals 


Eikon


World-Check One


Compliance Learning


Enhanced Due Diligence


ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager


ONESOURCE Indirect Tax


ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing


Legal Managed Services


Westlaw Middle East





LOGIN
REGISTER
You are on:


 MENA - ENGLISH 


MENA - ENGLISH
UAE - ENGLISH
KSA - ENGLISH
الشرْقُ الأوسَط
السعودية
الإمارات












Search









 


Dubai


                            
                            
                            03 Aug 2017
                        
















Advertisement







last updated on: 02 February 2016
Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications PSC 

		    
			    Also known as:
			    
    			    WPT, 
			    
    			    Wataniya, 
			    
    			    Wataniya Mobile, 
			    
    			    Wataniya Palestine, 
			    
    			    Wataniya Telecom



                            
                            
                            last trade:
                                0.99 USD (03 August 2017) 
 -0.01



Share profile














Advertisement






                                        Company Details
People
Related News
Similar Companies




fast facts

Business Summary
Manages and operates a GSM mobile telecommunications networks.


Country of Incorporation
Palestinian Territories


Ownership Type
Publicly Listed


Established In
2007


Primary Sector
Telecommunications


Number of Employees
90


Stock Listing



ID
Stock Type
Currency
Exchange
Symbol


WATANIYA.PSE
Ordinary
USD
Palestine SE
WATANIYA







                Stock Performance
                Powered by Thomson Reuters Eikon


 




Last Trade
0.99


Net Change
-0.01 


Percent Change
-1.00%  




Open
1.00


High
1.00


Low
0.99 




Volume
40,405


Transactions
21


Value Traded
40,031


Market Cap
USD 255M










Contact details


Primary address

                            
                            TriFitness Center
                            Sateh Marhaba Street
                            3rd Floor
                            Al Bireh Area
                            4236
                            Palestinian Territories
                            Ramallah 


Region
West Bank



CONTACT

Tel: +970 2-241-5000
Fax: +970 2-242-3044
Email: info@wataniya.ps

www.wataniya.ps






Zawya industry classifications

SECTOR
(Definitions)

INDUSTRY




Telecommunications





                                    Telecommunications Services
                                





                                                Wireless Communications Services
                                            





                                                            Mobile Telecom Operators (Primary Industry)
                                                        















Advertisement



Ask Our Analyst

Have questions regarding this company profile? Get expert analysis and insight from our team of analysts.
Talk to Zawya CM Analyst



Company information provided by © 2017 Thomson Reuters

                                            Thomson Reuters research team update company information from primary sources (company annual reports, press releases, company websites, corporate briefings, official statements/interviews) and reliable secondary sources (stock markets, reliable third party publications).
                                        







		Top Business News
	







energy

Saudi's SWCC hires advisers to build two desalination plants

Reuters News -
							3 hours ago









oil and gas

UAE's ENOC secures $500mln revolving credit facility

Reuters News -
							9 hours ago









real estate

Dubai residents can expect further rental decline in freehold areas  

Gulf News -
							9 hours ago








                Related news
            




The unbearable lightness of being Blair
The Daily Star - 05-Jun-2015



Wataniya Telecom (Ooredoo) Posts KD 196.7 Million Revenue for the First Half 2014
Operational Highlights: 
Press Release - 23-Jul-2014





		Find Companies
	















			GO
		


Or choose a preset list 








				GO
			





Advertisement



most viewed companies














Discover Thomson Reuters



Opinion





Opinion - Blake Goud
How the Paris Agreement offers $8 trillion a year in business opportunities



Despite Trump's withdrawal, business groups have identified significant benefits from the climate change accord.








Opinion - Lukman Otunuga
Potential outcomes for the commodity sector as a result of the OPEC meeting in Russia



All in all, oversupply will continue to dominate price action in the oil markets for the foreseeable future



Read more opinions 




Special Coverage

GCC gears up for VAT


						Guide to the issues involved in the GCC's plan to implement value-added tax in 2018.	










UAE tax system plan gets a major boost
Federal Tax Authority mandated to audit compliance in UAE
VAT ‘to professionalise construction sector’





Advertisement








































About Us



























 







   
                    

 






Find Us


Contact Us

العربية




PersonalBusinesseShopPromotionsNojoomMy accountVoicePrepaid
                          | 
                    PostpaidInternetPostpaid
                          | 
                    Prepaid
                          | 
                    Mynet
                          | 
                    RoutersServicesGet the latest with Shamel
                          | 
                    My Ooredoo App
                          | 
                    Social & Entertainment
                          | 
                    Emergency & Credit
                          | 
                    Call Management
                          | 
                    Subscription
                          | 
                    Carrier Billing
                          | 
                    VoLTERoaming & InternationalOoredoo Passport
                          | 
                    Roaming  Partners & Rates
                          | 
                    International CallsCorporates
Keeps you connected 24/7 with the best communication tools                                            Read More >>Small Business Plans
Special offers exclusively for Small Business                                            Read More >>Business Internet
Ooredoo brings you a variety of packs at affordable prices along with flexible connectivity                                             Read More >>Get in touch
Enter your information and one of our sales representatives will call you within 48 hours.                                            Read More >>Login to your Ooredoo accountPlease enter a valid mobile number and passwordLoginForgot Password?ORSign Up24 x 7 access to your account.Pay bills, recharge and check usageActivate services and redeem Nojoom pointsLots more inside!Login to your corporate account




















Home |About Us



About Us


             

We want to make sure you are provided with setllar support for all your communication needs with Wataniya

	
        



Prefer personal service?Chat online





121 
Store Locator
Pay bills online







               
            Ooredoo is guided by its visionof enriching people's lives andits belief that it can stimulatehuman growth by leveraging communicationsLearn More






Company Overview





Ooredoo in Kuwait, formerly known as Wataniya Telecom, is a member of Ooredoo Group. Commercially launched in December 1999

	

View Details





Corporate Governance





For this Investor relations, we are committed to fair, timely and ongoing disclosure as a means of achieving high levels of management transparency

	

Board Members & Committees
Corporate Governance Team
View All





Quality Policy



Ooredoo Kuwait is committed to offer the best in class and end-to-end Customer Experience

View Details






Ooredoo Telecom123 was commercially launched in 1999 as the first privately owned operator in Kuwait. Qtel originally made the offer to all other shareholders of Ooredoo Telecom Kuwait on 4 September 2012. As a result of the tender offer, Qtel will be increasing its shareholding in Ooredoo Telecom Kuwait from 52.5% to 92.1%.

Ooredoo is a customer driven company that aims to provide product and service excellence that is leading to a real customer value... The company has been a driving force in increasing the mobile market penetration in Kuwait (over 80%) Ooredoo Telecom has grown rapidly through acquisitions and enjoys a remarkable expansion in MENA & ASIA. Driving operations in Kuwait, Maldives, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Algeria and in 2007 in Palestine.

About Qatar Telecom

Ooredoo Telecom123 was commercially launched in 1999 as the first privately owned operator in Kuwait. Qtel originally made the offer to all other shareholders of Ooredoo Telecom Kuwait on 4 September 2012. As a result of the tender offer, Qtel will be increasing its shareholding in Ooredoo Telecom Kuwait from 52.5% to 92.1%.

Ooredoo is a customer driven company that aims to provide product and service excellence that is leading to a real customer value... The company has been a driving force in increasing the mobile market penetration in Kuwait (over 80%) Ooredoo Telecom has grown rapidly through acquisitions and enjoys a remarkable expansion in MENA & ASIA. Driving operations in Kuwait, Maldives, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Algeria and in 2007 in Palestine.Ooredoo Telecom123 was commercially launched in 1999 as the first privately owned operator in Kuwait. Qtel originally made the offer to all other shareholders of Ooredoo Telecom Kuwait on 4 September 2012. As a result of the tender offer, Qtel will be increasing its shareholding in Ooredoo Telecom Kuwait from 52.5% to 92.1%.

Ooredoo is a customer driven company that aims to provide product and service excellence that is leading to a real customer value... The company has been a driving force in increasing the mobile market penetration in Kuwait (over 80%) Ooredoo Telecom has grown rapidly through acquisitions and enjoys a remarkable expansion in MENA & ASIA. Driving operations in Kuwait, Maldives, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, Algeria and in 2007 in Palestine.









Customer CareFind UsContact UsInternational RatesConfigure Your PhoneAbout UsCompany OverviewCorporate GovernanceQuality PolicySocial NetworkingInstagramTwitterFacebookYoutubeCareersWhy OoredooHow to ApplyTalent PoolJob AlertEntertainmentMovies / ShowsMusicGamesDigglyOoredoo Surprises
            ©2016 Ooredoo
        








Maximize your Ooredoo experience with My Ooredoo app 

 
            










  Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Company (Wataniya) - Canny Infotech                ≡ ╳        Home        About Us        SMS Solutions        Bulk SMS        Bulk SMS India        Why Canny SMS Solutions        How it Works        Online Payment        SMS Service for School        SMS Features        SMS Glossary        SMS for your Business        SMS Alert from your Web        Unicode SMS        SMS Gateway API        SMS Reseller        Voice SMS        Your Industry        Education        Advertising        FMCG        Insurance        Banking        Automobile Companies & Auto        Dealers        Stock Brokers        Real Estates        Hotels and Resorts        Tours and Travels        Couriers and Logistic        Online Portals and eCommerce        Media and Entertainment        VAS Applications        MMS Service        Two Way SMS Short Code        VoIP        WAP Push        IVR        WAP        Mobile Radio        Virtual Number        Missed Call Service        Software Solutions        Software Product        School Software        Lead Management Software        Builder CRM Software        Missed Call Software        Mobile Website Development        Webdesign and Development        Web Hosting        Domain Registration        Mobile Website        Coverages        AFRICA        Algeria        Angola        Benin        Botswana        Burkina        >> View All Countries of Africa        ASIA        India        Afghanistan        Armenia        Azerbaijan        Bahrain        >> View All Countries of Asia        AUSTRALIA        American Samoa        Australia        Fiji        French Polynesia        Guam        >> View All Countries of Australia        Europe        Albania        Andorra        Austria        Belarus        Belgium        >> View All Countries of Europe        North America        Anguilla        Antigua & Barbuda        Aruba        Bahamas        Barbados        >> View All Countries of North America        South America        Argentina        Bolivia        Brazil        Chile        Colombia        >> View All Countries of South America        Contact Us        Blog   Get 10,000 free SMS Credits now!With our incredible double credits offer Free TrialFree TrialCloseYour Name (required) Mobile Number (required) Your Email (required) Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Company (Wataniya)€ 0.008900  Add to cart Category: Israel Reviews (0)ReviewsThere are no reviews yet. Be the first to review “Wataniya Palestine Mobile Telecommunications Company (Wataniya)” Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Your ratingRate…PerfectGoodAverageNot that badVery poor Your review *Name * Email *   Related products  Add to cart Palestine Telecomm Co Ltd (Palestine Telecommunications Co. P.L.C) € 0.009000   Add to cart Pelephone Communications Ltd (Pelephone) € 0.009000   Add to cart Cellcom Israel Ltd (Cellcom Israel) € 0.009000   Add to cart Golan Telecom (Golan Telecom) € 0.009000   

