

xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports





xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis





Date:
June 15, 2017



Pages:
30


Price:




US$ 200.00




License             [?]:


Single User - US$ 200.00
Corporate License - US$ 400.00




Publisher:
datamining


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
XAA7F71B398B1EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures





xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results.

Scope

Business Description – A detailed description of the company’s principal activities.
Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies – A list of key locations, subsidiaries and associated companies of xG Technology Inc. with contact details.
Milestones and History – An overview of the major events associated with the company.
Key Employee Information – A list of xG Technology Inc. key executives and their brief biographies.
Major Products and Services – A list of major products, services and brands of the company.
SWOT Analysis – An in-depth analysis of the company’s Strengths, Weakness, Opportunities and Threats.
Financial Analysis - Updated info on income statement, balance sheet and cash flows key figures; main financial ratios and capital market snapshot.
Key Competitors – A list of key xG Technology Inc. competitors.
Latest News – Company related news bulletins.



1 XG TECHNOLOGY INC. - OVERVIEW

1.1 xG Technology Inc. - Business Description
1.2 xG Technology Inc. - Locations, Subsidiaries, Associated Companies
1.3 xG Technology Inc. - Milestones and History

2 XG TECHNOLOGY INC. - KEY EMPLOYEE INFORMATION

3 XG TECHNOLOGY INC. - OWNERSHIP AND MAJOR HOLDERS

4 XG TECHNOLOGY INC. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

5 XG TECHNOLOGY INC. - SWOT ANALYSIS

5.1 xG Technology Inc. - Strengths
5.2 xG Technology Inc. - Weaknesses
5.3 xG Technology Inc. - Opportunities
5.4 xG Technology Inc. - Threats

6 XG TECHNOLOGY INC. – FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

6.1 xG Technology Inc. - Financial Snapshot
6.2 xG Technology Inc. – Stock Market Snapshot

7 XG TECHNOLOGY INC. - KEY COMPETITORS

8 XG TECHNOLOGY INC. - LATEST NEWS 

APPENDIX

About datamining
Sources and Methodology
Ratio Definitions
Disclaimer

You will receive the report in 24 hours after the purchase as it takes one business day to update it so you can get the most recent data available.



LIST OF TABLES

Table 1: xG Technology Inc. Key Facts 
Table 2: xG Technology Inc. Offices and Representations 
Table 3: xG Technology Inc. Milestones and History 
Table 4: xG Technology Inc. Key Executives 
Table 5: xG Technology Inc. Key Executives Biographies 
Table 6: xG Technology Inc. Major Shareholders 
Table 7: xG Technology Inc. Products and Services
Table 8: xG Technology Inc. SWOT Analysis
Table 9: xG Technology Inc. Profitability 
Table 10: xG Technology Inc. Management Effectiveness
Table 11: xG Technology Inc. Income Statement Key Figures 
Table 12: xG Technology Inc. Balance Sheet Key Figures 
Table 13: xG Technology Inc. Cash Flow Key Figures 
Table 14: xG Technology Inc. Capital Market Snapshot 



LIST OF FIGURES

Figure 1: xG Technology Inc. Operating Margin Chart 
Figure 2: xG Technology Inc. Profit Margin Chart 
Figure 3: xG Technology Inc. Return on Assets (ROA) Chart
Figure 4: xG Technology Inc. Return on Equity (ROE) Chart 
Figure 5: xG Technology Inc. Debt to Equity Chart 
Figure 6: xG Technology Inc. Current Ratio Chart 
Figure 7: xG Technology Inc. 1-year Stock Chart 
Figure 8: xG Technology Inc. 5-year Stock Chart
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


L-3 Technologies, Inc. (LLL) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
Apr, 2017 · 37 pages


AMTEC Corporation: Technology - Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
US$ 125.00
Jan, 2016 · 13 pages


OraSure Technologies Inc (OSUR) - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2017 Update
US$ 750.00
Apr, 2017 · 35 pages


Novadaq Technologies Inc. (NDQ) - Product Pipeline Analysis, 2016 Update
US$ 750.00
May, 2016 · 36 pages


Spirit Varnishes Technology Handbook (with Testing and Analysis)
US$ 155.00
Jan, 2011 · 560 pages








Ask Your Question
xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:




















xG Technology - Mission-Critical Wireless Video and Broadband Data Solutions.                xG Technology Company Websites  IMT Solutions Vislink  xG Technology Leaders in the Capture, Delivery and Management of Live Video Contentnewsnet for ENG Operations: Extending the Studio Network to the FieldThe Premier Name in High-Reliability Digital Broadcast Microwave SolutionsDelivering Expanded Tactical Insights to Airborne Law Enforcement OperationsFully Expeditionary, Mission-Assured Communications for Challenging Wireless EnvironmentsDisasters and Unexpected Incidents Can Happen Anywhere and Anytime  Industry-Leading Microwave Video Solutions. Rapid-Deploy Mobile Broadband Networks.Ensuring critical communications for broadcasting, sports & entertainment, law enforcement and defense applications.Long-Range, High Performance, Digital Microwave Systems Integrated Microwave Technologies (IMT) (www.imt-solutions.com) is a leader in the … Learn More End-to-End Video Solutions from the Field to Point of Usage xG Technology completed the acquisition of Vislink (www.vislink.com) in February 2017. … Learn More Private, On-Demand, High-Reliability Mobile Broadband Always On. Always Connected. Always Secure.
xMax private mobile broadband wireless … Learn MoreHelpful LinksAbout xG TechnologyIntegrated Microwave Technologies (IMT)VislinkxMax SolutionsInterference MitigationPress ReleasesInvestor InformationxG Blog xMax ProductsxMax CN3200 Dual-Band Routing ModemxMax CN1100 Access PointxMax CN5100 Mobile HotspotxMax CN3100 Vehicle ModemxMax CN7000 Mobile Control Center (MCC)Network ToolsRecent TweetsIMT-Vislink Newsnet™ Solution Wins 2017 Technology Award from Society of Broadcast Engineers - xG Technology… https://t.co/nbTkelFMNy about 3 hours ago from BufferxG Technology’s Vislink Business Receives $1.5 Million Order from Medical Device Manufacturer - xG Technology https://t.co/BHfZFWiOxe 10:13:58 AM July 19, 2017 from BufferxG Technology’s Vislink Receives Orders Worth $1 Million for HCAM HEVC 4K Wireless Systems in China - xG Technology… https://t.co/xXIykIEDLs 02:41:20 PM July 17, 2017 from Buffer@xgtechnologyCompany InformationxG Technology, Inc. 240 South Pineapple Avenue, Suite 701 Sarasota, FL 34236 Tel: (941) 953-9035 Email: info@xgtechnology.com                          

xG Technology Inc (XGTI.PH)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: xG Technology Inc (XGTI.PH)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyCommunications & Networking












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				XGTI.PH on Philadelphia Stock Exchange


				2.13USD
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.06


					            (-2.74%)
					        






Prev Close

$2.19


Open

$2.13




Day's High

$2.13


Day's Low

$2.13




Volume

100


Avg. Vol

1,522




52-wk High

$6.60


52-wk Low

$1.20












					Full Description



xG Technology, Inc., incorporated on August 26, 2002, develops a portfolio of intellectual property, which is embedded in its software algorithms that offer cognitive interference mitigation and spectrum access solutions for a range of applications using commercial off the shelf devices. The Company is a provider of wireless video solutions to broadcast, law enforcement and defense markets, and private mobile broadband networks for use in a range of environments. The Company markets its technology solutions across three business units: Integrated Microwave Technologies (IMT), Vislink Communication Systems and xMax. The Company's products include xMax, CN5100 Mobile Hotspot, CN3100 Vehicle Modem, CN3200 Dual-Band Routing Modem, CN1100 Access Point, CN7000 Mobile Control Center and xMonitor/xDrive. The Company offers a range of frequency-agnostic cognitive radio solutions. Its intellectual property is also designed to enable wireless broadband network operators make use of existing spectrum allocations. The Company focuses on various industries across the world, such as telecommunications, cable, defense and public safety, municipal governments, critical infrastructure and markets ranging from rural to urban areas and expeditionary deployments. The implementation of its cognitive radio intellectual property is xMax.The Company, IMT, offers a spectrum of wireless video products, which are built around providing a range of solutions. IMT services and product offerings address over three markets, including broadcasting, sports and entertainment, and surveillance (military and government). The broadcasting market consists of a range of segments, including electronic news gathering, wireless camera systems, portable microwave and fixed point to point systems. The sports and entertainment market consists of a range of segments, including sports production, sports venue entertainment systems, movie director video assist, and the non-professional user segment. The government/surveillance market consists of a range of segments, including state and local law enforcement agencies and military system integrators. The Company's line of receiver products include the DR3, CRx6 and CIRAS. The microLite is a wireless camera system enabling broadcast news operators to eliminate the use of coaxial cables in their remote news operations. MiniMobile Commander and Mobile Commander are the products that serve the sports and entertainment markets.The Company's xMax system is a cognitive radio network system that is designed to include interference mitigation by using its spatial processing. xMax implements its interference mitigation software. Its system is frequency agnostic, although designed to operate within the 902 to 928 megahertz unlicensed band. xMax serves as a mobile voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) and broadband data system that utilizes an Internet Protocol (IP) system architecture. The xMax product and service suite includes a line of access points, fixed and mobile personal hotspots, mobile switching centers, network management systems, deployment tools and customer support. Its xMax system also enables enterprises to set up a mobile communications network.The Company's xMax cognitive radio technology can also be used to provide additional capacity to licensed spectrum by identifying and utilizing unused bandwidth within the licensed spectrum. In any spectrum band that xMax operates in, the Company breaks the band into channels and sub channels. The xMax product suite that the Company is developing is band specific. The xMax system design represents a turnkey network solution that includes self-organizing access points (base stations), fixed and mobile personal wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi) hotspots, mobile switching centers, as well as network management and deployment tools.The Company's xMax CN5100 Mobile Hotspot is a device that allows users of Wi-Fi-enabled smartphones, tablets, notebooks and other devices to access the Internet through the xMax cognitive radio network. The CN5100 Mobile Hotspot acts as a transparent protocol bridge that connects end user devices to the xMax network using secure Wi-Fi links, universal serial bus (USB) or Ethernet cables. It supports not only fixed users but also supports mobile users and has been designed to provide quality of service (QoS) and mean opinion score (MoS) while supporting calls, texting (shot messaging service (SMS)) and broadband data streams over the xMax network. The CN5100 Mobile Hotspot includes a Wi-Fi router chip that allows it to simultaneously support multiple external devices wirelessly. It enables operators to deploy long-range xMax networks that can integrate with the large installed base of Wi-Fi and Ethernet-capable devices. The CN5100 Mobile Hotspot and xMax system is designed to support nomadic and mobile connectivity (including high-speed handoffs), which allows xMax operators to offer on-the-go services. xMax is deployed in fixed, mobile or nomadic configurations.The Company's xMax CN3100 Vehicle Modem is an IP67-rated ruggedized subscriber device that is designed to be installed inside or outside vehicles. The CN3100 Vehicle Modem acts as a transparent protocol bridge, allowing users of Wi-Fi-enabled smartphones, tablets, notebooks and other devices to access the Internet through the xMax cognitive radio network. The CN3100 Vehicle Modem is waterproof. While primarily developed for vehicle usage, the CN3100 Vehicle Modem can also be externally mounted in fixed locations, such as parks or other outdoor areas to provide Wi-Fi access for use in monitoring, surveillance, machine-to-machine and other applications using the xMax backhaul link.The Company's xMax CN3200 Dual-Band Routing Modem is a single compact unit that operates in both approximately 900 megahertz and 2.4 gigahertz frequency bands. The CN3200 Dual-Band Routing Modem utilizes interprotocol smart-routing algorithms to determine which frequency to use based on the user's application. Voice calls are prioritized to the 900-megahertz band while video and data are prioritized to the 2.4-gigahertz band. CN3200 Dual-Band Routing Modem is designed for use in both fixed and mobile applications. In logistics, military, or public service applications, the 2.4-gigahertz link can assist in loading and unloading high volumes of data from the application server to a stationary vehicle and then transparently switch to the 900-megahertz band once it goes mobile.The Company's CN3200 Dual-Band Routing Modem switches all data and voice traffic to the 900-megahertz radio to keep the connection alive. When the vehicle becomes stationary again, the CN3200 Dual-Band Routing Modem resumes dual band operation. If the 2.4-gigahertz band becomes congested, slow, or filled with interference, the CN3200 Dual-Band Routing Modem routes all voice and data communications to the 900-megahertz band to preserve communications. The CN3200 Dual-Band Routing Modem has been engineered to support the delivery of both fixed location high data rates and high-speed mobility in the same system.The Company's xMax CN1100 Access Point is an all-IP wireless access point. The CN1100 Access Point brings together a range of technologies, including software defined radio (SDR), cognitive networking and a 2x4 multiple in, multiple out (MIMO) in a compact broadband access point. These capabilities enable the CN1100 Access Point to deliver coverage and broadband throughput for fixed, nomadic and mobile applications. The CN1100 Access Point (as well as all xMax components) supports mobile connectivity, including high-speed handoff that allows xMax operators to offer on-the-go services. The CN1100 Access Point is a small, single channel device that provides voice, data and video over ranges of 1 to 5 miles (non-line-of-sight) and over 15 miles (line-of-sight), depending on environmental and installation conditions. CN1100 Access Points are global positioning system (GPS) time-synchronized to avoid self-interference.The Company's xMax CN7000 Mobile Control Center is the backbone network element in the xMax regional network. The CN7000 Mobile Control Center controls the delivery of voice and data services, and manages all elements in the regional network, including access points and end user devices. The CN7000 Mobile Control Center acts as an aggregation point for the connected CN1100 Access Points and it performs routing and security functions. The CN7000 Mobile Control Center is connected to the Internet/Global Information Grid (GIG) and one or more VoIP soft switches.The Company's xMonitor is a component of the CN7000 Mobile Control Center that monitors the status and health of all CN1100 Access Points, CN7000 Mobile Control Center elements and VoIP core elements. It provides IP network management and monitoring services. xMonitor is a Web-based application that is installed at an operator's network operation center, enabling remote management of network status. The program runs as a live application that collects data from the network, updating the aggregated information without user intervention. It can be programmed to display specific views around the clock, providing heads-up display from which to survey the network. The Company's xDrive is a drive mapping utility designed to gather, display and log performance statistics from the CN5100 Mobile Hotspot, CN3200 Dual-Band Routing Modem and CN3100 Vehicle Modem. It allows field technicians to map the coverage of a deployment of CN1100 Access Points, as well as providing CN5100 Mobile Hotspot/CN3200 Dual-Band Routing Modem/CN3100 Vehicle Modem to CN1100 Access Points to link statistics.Vislink specializes in the wireless capture, delivery and management of secure, live video from the field to the point of usage, serving broadcast and media, and public safety and surveillance markets. The Company offers products, such as airborne, amplifiers, antennas, encoder/decoder, microwave point to point, on-boards, receivers, Satcom, transmitters and wireless camera systems. The Company offers amplifiers in series, such as L3205, L3211 and DPA3. It offers antennas, such as Helix, Fan Beam, Omni/Hemi, Collinear, Parabolic and Horn. It offers UltraCoder, UltraDecoder, L2174, L2194, DVE5100 and IRD5200 models of encoder/decoder. The Company offers IPLink, MVL-HD2 TX (DVB-T), MVL-HD2 TX (DVB-S2), DXL5000 Series, DXL8000 Series, PTX-PRO, STRATA and MVL-HD2 RX (DVB-T) models of microwave point to point. It offers PROceiver, L2174, MDR-Series and HHT3 models of receivers. The Company offers HDX-1100, DXL5000 Series and NewStream models of transmitters. It offers ViewBack, UltraLite, HEROCast and L3025 models of wireless camera systems.The Company competes with Spectrum Bridge, Microsoft, Neul Ltd., Shared Spectrum Corporation, Adaptrum, Ericsson, Huawei, Alcatel-Lucent, Ruckus Wireless, Ubiquiti Networks, Cambium Networks, Motorola Solutions, Harris Corporation, ITT Industries, Raytheon, Boeing, Thales Communications, Lockheed Martin and Domo Tactical Communications.

» Full Overview of XGTI.PH







					Company Address



xG Technology Inc
240 S Pineapple Ave Ste 701SARASOTA   FL   34236-6724
P: +1941.9539035F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 George Schmitt

214,830




							 Ross Woodyatt

247,453




							 Roger Branton

277,790




							 John Payne

--




							 James Walton

--




» More Officers & Directors





					xG Technology Inc News




BRIEF-xG Technology's Vislink receives orders worth about $1 mln for deploying its camera systems in china

Jul 17 2017 
BRIEF-XG Technology responds to law firm claim

Jun 26 2017 
BRIEF-xG Technology's Vislink business receives orders valued at $250,000 from local television stations for high-performance digital microwave systems

Jun 20 2017 
BRIEF-xG Technology awarded interference mitigation patent to enhance wireless communications

Jun 15 2017 
BRIEF-xG Technology's IMT and Vislink businesses announces $3 mln in new order and pre-order commitments

May 24 2017 


» More XGTI.PH  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyCommunications & Networking









































 



 xG Technology, Inc. Announces Closing of Public Offering 
         










    










 






 











 









xG Technology, Inc. Announces Closing of Public Offering

Aug 19, 2015, 16:52 ET
		  		  							
						 from   xG Technology, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


SARASOTA, Fla., Aug. 19, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- xG Technology, Inc. ("xG" or the "Company") (Nasdaq:   XGTI, XGTIW), a developer of patented wireless communications and spectrum sharing technologies, announced today that it has closed the previously announced underwritten public offering of its Class A Units, Class B Units, Series C Warrants and Series D Warrants.  xG offered (i) 2,550,000 Class A Units, at a price of $1.00 per Class A Unit, each of which consists of one share of its common stock and 0.5 of a Series A Warrant to purchase one share of its common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per warrant, (ii) 2,450,000 Class  B Units, at a price of $0.99 per Class B Unit, each of which consists of one pre-funded Series B Warrant to purchase one share of its common stock and 0.5 of a Series A Warrant, (iii) 2,550,000 Series C Warrants, at a price of $0.01 per Series C Warrant, which is deemed to be included in the $1.00 price per Class A Unit, each to purchase one additional Class A Unit at an exercise price of $1.00, and (iv) 4,950,000 Series D Warrants, at a price of $0.01 per Series D Warrant, which is deemed to be included in the $0.99 price per Class B Unit, each to purchase one additional Class B Unit at an exercise price of $0.99. xG received approximately $5,000,000 in gross proceeds from the offering, before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company.
xG intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital, product development, partial reduction of liabilities, marketing activities, expanding its internal sales organization and further developing sales channels, funding the set-up of contract manufacturing production lines and other capital expenditures.
Roth Capital Partners acted as sole book-running manager for the offering.
Roth Capital Partners, LLC acted as underwriter for the offering.  The securities were offered by xG pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-203853) filed by xG with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), which registration statement was declared effective by the SEC on August 13, 2015.  A final prospectus relating to the offering was filed with the SEC and is available on the SEC's website located at www.sec.gov.  Electronic copies of the final prospectus also may be obtained from Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Equity Capital Markets, 888 San Clemente Drive, Newport Beach, CA 92660, at (800) 678-9147. 
This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction.
About xG Technology, Inc. 
xG has created a broad portfolio of intellectual property that makes wireless networks more intelligent, accessible, affordable and reliable.  xG has created xMax, a patented all-IP cognitive radio technology that enables robust mobile broadband communications for private, consumer and government networks. xMax can solve the crisis facing the wireless industry caused by data-hungry devices and applications that are straining network capacity.  It eliminates the need to acquire scarce and expensive licensed spectrum, thus lowering the total cost of ownership for wireless broadband access.  xG's goal is to help wireless broadband networks deliver voice, video and data services to fixed and mobile users. The xMax cognitive radio system incorporates advanced optimizing technologies that include spectrum sharing, interference mitigation, multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) and software defined radio (SDR). These and other technologies make xMax ideal for wide areas, as well as rapid emergency communication deployment. xG offers solutions for numerous industries worldwide, including urban and rural wireless broadband, utilities, defense, emergency response and public safety.
Based in Sarasota, Florida, xG has 50 U.S. and over 100 international patents and pending patent applications.  xG is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market where xG common stock is traded under the symbol XGTI and xG warrants are traded under the symbol XGTIW.  For more information, please visit www.xgtechnology.com.
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements
Statements contained herein that are not based upon current or historical facts are forward-looking in nature and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Such forward-looking statements reflect xG's expectations about its future operating results, performance and opportunities that involve substantial risks and uncertainties.  These statements include but are not limited to statements regarding the intended terms of the offering, closing of the offering and use of any proceeds from the offering.  When used herein, the words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "upcoming," "plan," "target", "intend" and "expect" and similar expressions, as they relate to xG, its subsidiaries, or its management, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to xG and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause xG's actual results, performance, prospects, and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements.
For More Information:
Media Relations
Daniel Carpini
xG Technology, Inc.
daniel.carpini@xgtechnology.com
(941) 953-9035
Investor and Analyst Relations
James Woodyatt 
xG Technology, Inc. 
james.woodyatt@xgtechnology.com 
(954) 572-0395 
Jody Burfening/Carolyn Capaccio
LHA
ccapaccio@lhai.com 
(212) 838-3777
 SOURCE  xG Technology, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.xgtechnology.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Aug 21, 2015, 07:00 ET
Preview: xG Technology Announces Expansion of Business Partner Program to Drive Adoption of xMax Private Mobile Broadband Solution













Aug 17, 2015, 07:00 ET
Preview: Report from Wireless Spectrum Expert Underscores xG Technology Mobile Broadband Solution Benefits for Public Safety, Military and Commercial Applications






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More











Jul 25, 2017, 12:15 ET
IMT-Vislink Newsnet™ Solution Wins 2017 Technology Award from...














Jul 25, 2017, 12:15 ET
IMT-Vislink Launches Comprehensive Customer Support Portal














Jul 25, 2017, 12:15 ET
Vislink Showcases HCAM, Next Generation HEVC 4K UHD Wireless...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 Product Data Sheets - xG Technology               xG Technology Company Websites  IMT Solutions Vislink  xG Technology Product Data Sheets View the xG Technology Product Data Sheets to get detailed technical specifications about the xMax private mobile wireless network solution:CN5100 Mobile HotspotThe CN5100 Mobile Hotspot is a device that allows users of WiFi-enabled smartphones, tablets, notebooks and other devices to seamlessly access the internet through the xMax cognitive radio network.CN3100 Vehicle ModemThe CN3100 Vehicle Modem is an IP67-rated ruggedized subscriber device that is designed to be installed inside or outside vehicles.CN3200 Dual Band Routing ModemThe CN3200 is a dual-band routing modem that provides outstanding voice and data performance in both fixed and mobile deployments.CN1100 Access PointThe CN1100 Access Point is an all-IP, high-performance wireless access point that delivers range, coverage and reliability in even the most challenging radio frequency (RF) conditions.xMax NOW Transportable Broadband Wireless System The xMax NOW Transportable Broadband Wireless System is a wide-area mobile data solution pre-configured in a rapid-deploy flyaway configuration.CN7000 Mobile Control Center The xMax Mobile Control Center (xMCC) is the backbone network element in the xMax regional network. The xMCC controls the delivery of the voice and data services, and manages all elements in the regional network (xAPs, xVMs and xMods).xMonitorxMonitor is a component of the CN7000 that monitors the status and health of xMax network elements.xDrivexDrive is a drive mapping utility designed to gather, display, and log performance statistics from the CN5100 and the CN3100 mobile hotspot devices.xMax Complete Data Sheet LibraryAll xMax product data sheets in a single PDF archive.Related PagesWhite Papers and ReportsPresentationsVideosProduct Data SheetsxG Technology/IMT/Vislink Events Contact xG  Helpful LinksAbout xG TechnologyIntegrated Microwave Technologies (IMT)VislinkxMax SolutionsInterference MitigationPress ReleasesInvestor InformationxG Blog xMax ProductsxMax CN3200 Dual-Band Routing ModemxMax CN1100 Access PointxMax CN5100 Mobile HotspotxMax CN3100 Vehicle ModemxMax CN7000 Mobile Control Center (MCC)Network ToolsRecent TweetsIMT-Vislink Newsnet™ Solution Wins 2017 Technology Award from Society of Broadcast Engineers - xG Technology… https://t.co/nbTkelFMNy about 3 hours ago from BufferxG Technology’s Vislink Business Receives $1.5 Million Order from Medical Device Manufacturer - xG Technology https://t.co/BHfZFWiOxe 10:13:58 AM July 19, 2017 from BufferxG Technology’s Vislink Receives Orders Worth $1 Million for HCAM HEVC 4K Wireless Systems in China - xG Technology… https://t.co/xXIykIEDLs 02:41:20 PM July 17, 2017 from Buffer@xgtechnologyCompany InformationxG Technology, Inc. 240 South Pineapple Avenue, Suite 701 Sarasota, FL 34236 Tel: (941) 953-9035 Email: info@xgtechnology.com                         


Communication Services Company Research Reports


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

IT & Technology

Telecommunications

Communication Services Company Reports








Communication Services Company Research Reports


Communication Services Companies deliver communication services over a network infrastructure. The businesses and occupations these organizations (both open-end companies and private firms) are engaged in include, among others, telecommunications (landline and cellular), the Net, cable, satellite-aided, or managed services. Communication Services Companies’ categories are diverse: telecom carriers, content deliverers, applications service providers (ASP), satellite operators, cable and cloud-based services providers, etc.
To stay competitive, companies in the marketplace have to ceaselessly stick to enhancing OP (operational excellence), besides maximizing their profit and cash flows. ATT, France Telecom (FTE) and Verizon fall within those Communication Services Companies that set the scene.
The research reports in this Catalogue discuss various Communication Services Companies, covering their operations, structure, products/services, prospects, locations and performance divisions, major executives, as well as competitors. Besides, SWOT information and the most prominent developments having lately affected the businesses are limelighted in the research reports. Keen insights into the companies’ revenue, growth trends, profitability measures, liquidity and financial leverage policies, efficiency and cost ratios, and far more are offered in the research reports as well.





All Regions
Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Communication Services Company Reports


All Publishers BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        datamining
                        GlobalData
                        Omi Advisories
                        Ovum
                        Renub Research
                    



                            Found
                                 1091 publications                    



Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zupintra Corp., Inc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
ZipGlobal Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zintel Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Zamano plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Yorkville bhn Spa - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xtreme Oil & Gas, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
XO Holdings, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
xG Technology Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Xfone, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wiremedia Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wireless Matrix Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Windstream Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Wateen Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Warwick Valley Telephone Company - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vyke Communications Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vonage Holdings Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Volgatelecom - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VOIP PAL.com, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VoiceServe, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodafone Group plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vodacom Group Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vocus Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VocalTec Communications Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vivo Participacoes S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vistula Communications Services Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VisionGlobal Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Virtual Universe Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viper Networks Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
VimpelCom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Viatel Holding (Bermuda) Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versatel AG - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Versacom International, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Verizon Communications Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Vee Time Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
USA Mobility, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. Starcom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
U.S. National Telecom, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Urban Communications, Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Univercell Holdings Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United States Cellular Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
United American Corp. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Unima 2000 Systemy Teleinformatyczne S.A. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TW Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TVC Telecom Inc. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Turk Telekomunikasyon AS - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tulip Telecom Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
TT&T Public Co. Ltd. - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
True Corp. PCL - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages


Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis
US$ 200.00
Tricor Plc - Business Profile with Financial and SWOT Analysis provides access to trustworthy data on the company and its performance, presenting an all-around view. It offers an insightful overview of the company’s structure and recent operations, includes SWOT analysis, highlights product and service offerings, covers the latest important corporate actions and financial results. Jun, 2017 30 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  Consumer Electronics Audio & Video Equipment GPS Navigation Mobile Phones & Smartphones PC & Notebooks Photography  Hardware Computer Hardware Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports Data Storage Networking Hardware  IT Services Semiconductors Software Application Software Operating System Programming Software Software Development Software & Technology Services Company Reports Video Games  Telecommunications Broadband Communication Services Company Reports Internet Mobile Networks Telecom Equipment Wireless Technology  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:





























XG TECHNOLOGY INC quote - Product overview - NASDAQ Stocks 















 










 
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.














     















Deutsch





español





suomi





français





italiano





Nederlands





português





русский





svenska





中文









Member's area



Login
Sign up
FAQ



















 Stock exchange


All Stocks


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US Tech 150


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


All indices


Europe Indices


NASDAQ COMPOSITE


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL


S&P500


FTSE 100


NIKKEI 225


EURO STOXX 50


CAC40


DAX30


IBEX 35


FTSE MIB 40


 Forex


All currency pairs


Forex (47 main pairs)


Forex (128 currency pairs)


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


 Commodities


All commodities


Gold (XAUUSD)


Silver (XAGUSD)


BRENT & WTI CRUDE OIL


Ranking


Products ranking


Traders ranking


Need technical analysis?


Technical analysis request


All technical analysis







 Stock exchange


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US NYSE Market 50


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


Major stock indices


Europe Indices


Indices Futures


Sector indices


United States


France


Germany


Spain


Italy


Netherlands


 Forex


128 currency pairs


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


 Commodities


All commodities







 Stock exchange


All Stocks


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US Tech 150


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


All indices


Europe Indices


NASDAQ COMPOSITE


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL


S&P500


FTSE 100


NIKKEI 225


EURO STOXX 50


CAC40


DAX30


IBEX 35


FTSE MIB 40


 Forex


All currency pairs


Forex (47 main pairs)


Forex (128 currency pairs)


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


EUR/USD


USD/JPY


 Commodities


All commodities


Other categories


Economic news


Political news


Financial markets


Global news







 Groups


Active Groups


Popular groups


New Groups


Groups Forum


 Forum


Main Forum


Stocks Forum


Indices Forum


Forex Forum


Commodities Forum


 Social Networks


CentralCharts Twitter


 Widgets & Services


Centralcharts' widget






 
 





Number of analysis



Number of traders



Since last analysis


 
Find a Product / Trader / Group :


Narrow your search...

Stocks
Forex
Indices
Commodities

Warrants
Bonds
ETF
Futures


Traders
Groups














 


















 



XG TECHNOLOGY INC 





OverviewQuotesChartNewsAnalysisWarrantsProfileWallForum 


 




-
 USD				
(-)

  15 min delay - NASDAQ Stocks 










Open:
-


Change:
-


Volume:
-










Low:
-


High:
-


High / Low range:
-








Type:
Stocks


Ticker:
XGTI


ISIN:

 
















Overview


Quotes


Chart


News


Analysis


Warrants


Profile


Wall


Forum














 






XG TECHNOLOGY INC overview



5 days quotes  15 min delay - NASDAQ Stocks



07/28/201707/31/201708/01/201708/02/201708/03/2017
 


Last2.232.292.202.162.14


Change (%)-1.76%+2.69%-3.93%-1.82%-0.93%


Volume363,761277,646283,729266,870127,253







5 days change : -5.73%






						XG TECHNOLOGY INC - More quotes...
Lastest analysis



No technical analysis



Lastest news



IMT-Vislink Newsnet™ Solution Wins 2017 Technology Award from Society of Broadcast Engineers (SBE) 



IMT-Vislink Launches Comprehensive Customer Support Portal 



Vislink Showcases HCAM, Next Generation HEVC 4K UHD Wireless Camera Transmitter, At IBC 2017 



xG Technology's Vislink Business Receives $1.5 Million Order from Medical Device Manufacturer for Microwave Communications Equipment 



xG Technology's Vislink Business Receives Orders Worth Approximately $1 Million for HCAM HEVC 4K Wireless Camera Systems Deployment in China 





								XG TECHNOLOGY INC - More news...

Lastest discussions



No discussion












Follow this product



Post an Analysis




Request an analysis





							Add to a list						


Technical analysis requests

No technical analysis requests
See all analysis requests 



Statistics


Analysis							:0 
Follower(s) :0 




Currently on this Wall



Join these members now



				Activity on				XG TECHNOLOGY INC			





 





 










                    L1700 | Vislink        Search for:      xG Technology Company Websites  IMT Solutions xG Technology   HomeSolutionsPolice/Public Safety/DefenseBroadcast and MediaNewsnetProductsLatest NewsResourcesCustomer StoriesBlogResource LibraryEventsT&C’s of SaleSupportCustomer SupportPartnersContactContact usCareer Opportunities   Menu  HomeSolutionsBroadcast and Media SolutionsPublic Safety And SurveillanceNewsnetProductsLatest NewsResourcesResource LibraryCustomer Story IndexEventsBlogSupportPartnersContact SupportContactContact usContact a resellerCareer opportunities      L1700Highly customisable wireless camera transmitterProduct FeaturesH.264 Very Low Latency EncoderHD-SDI / 3G HD-SDI / HDMI / Composite inputWi-Fi ControlDocks with L1750 range of TX modulesIntegrated Camera Control (requires L1750 for UHF reception)  Camera TransmitterThe L1700 product range represent the next generation of flexible, portable, wireless systems from Vislink. With highly flexible and configurable mounting options and video interfaces, the unit can be mounted to broadcast cameras for sporting events, ENG cameras for news and even prosumer cameras to broaden the market reach. With user interchangeable RF modules and a range of software options, the L1700 continues the line of innovative, high performance wireless camera systems from Vislink.Product FilesDatasheet  Find a Reseller         