



Terminals & Splices | TE Connectivity























 



























Our website has detected that you are using an unsupported browser that will prevent you from accessing certain features.
We strongly recommend that you upgrade to the most recent version of your browser.






Skip Navigation



















Products



        Terminals & Splices






main







Performance and Choice
From basic ring and FASTON terminals, to crimp and solder splices available in a wide array of wire types and sizes, TE offers the broadest portfolio of terminal and splice options used across multiple industries and applications. Using TE application tooling products with our terminals and splices products ensures that properly applied crimps meet the ultimate performance.




View
PICTURES
LIST




Automotive, Truck, Bus, & Off-Road Terminals (1,786) 




Contacts (2,042) 

Board-to-Board Connector Contacts
Bus Bar Connector Contacts
Coax Contacts
D-Sub Connector Contacts
FFC Contacts
Junction Contacts
Multiple Configuration PCB Conn Contacts
Rectangular Contact Inserts
Spring Finger Contacts
Wire-to-Board Connector Contacts



Crimp Wire Pins, Tabs & Ferrules (399) 




Foil Terminals (20) 




Interconnect Devices (2,771) 

Cable-to-Cable Splicing
Coax Cable Termination
Discrete Wire Terminators
Shielded Contacts
Shielded Terminators
SolderSleeve Shield Terminators
Splices



Knife Disconnects (24) 




Magnet Wire Terminals (754) 




PCB Terminals (387) 




Power Terminals (52) 




Quick Disconnects (2,012) 




Rings & Spades (3,808) 




Special Purpose Terminals (44) 




Splices (1,333) 




Terminal Housings, Insulation Sleeves & Blocks (689) 

Cluster Blocks
Crimp Terminal Housings
Insulation Boots & Sleeves
Taper Blocks



+ Show More
- Show Less

View All Terminals & Splices (14,788)








View All Terminals & Splices
 (14,788) 









View All Terminals & Splices
 (14,788)









Automotive, Truck, Bus, & Off-Road Terminals (1,786) 









Contacts (2,042) 









Crimp Wire Pins, Tabs & Ferrules (399) 









Foil Terminals (20) 









Interconnect Devices (2,771) 






Application Tooling Cross Reference 
Looking for the right Hand Tool, Applicator, or Applicator Spare Part? Try our easy-to-use Hand Tool search app, Applicator Cross Reference Tool, or Applicator Spare Parts search app.








Knife Disconnects (24) 





Application
 Applications for Appliances 
Read about our solutions for addressing engineering challenges in refrigera...







Magnet Wire Terminals (754) 









PCB Terminals (387) 









Power Terminals (52) 









Quick Disconnects (2,012) 









Rings & Spades (3,808) 









Special Purpose Terminals (44) 









Splices (1,333) 









Terminal Housings, Insulation Sleeves & Blocks (689) 





















Product Group
2D Crimp Technology
Robust 2D crimp technology uses one terminal and one applicator for wire sizes from 22-12AWG














Product Group
CoolSplice Connectors
TE's CoolSplice connectors are splices designed to connect discrete wires for a wide variety of indoor and outdoor lighting, HVAC, building safety and security systems and other electrical installations.














Trend
Connected Appliances
The Connected Home brings new opportunities, and TE offers solutions to help you meet them.


















White Paper
F-Spring Contact FASTON Terminals
TE Connectivity’s (TE) new F-spring contact FASTON terminal offers a combination of low insertion force (LIF) and high performance.


















Product Group
Plasti-Grip Terminals and Splices
PLASTI-GRIP Terminals are pre-insulated RBY terminals and splices specifically designed to answer the need for inexpensive insulated electrical terminations.














Product Group
Rail AMPOWER Terminals and Splices
Terminals and splices are ideally suited for power generation and distribution in rail, mass transit, power transmission and military markets.

















Featured Product Lines






SOLISTRAND Terminals and Splices
TE’s SOLISTRAND Terminals and Splices offer superior performance characteristics while terminating solid and stranded wire or irregular shaped conductors.


PIDG Terminals and Splices
TE's PIDG Terminals and Splices are a pre-insulated terminal for complete and uniform reliability in the most difficult circuit environments.


Copalum Lite Sealed Terminals and Splices
Learn more about this rugged, sealed terminals made from aluminum at up to 60% less weight. 



























FASTON is a trademark.













 











TERMINALI AD Doboj | MSP.ba





















 



bsen










MSP - Mala i srednja preduzeća


Bussiness Bost CentreAbout projectPartnersBBC servicesUseful links SME EULegislativeFundsPublicationsSMEs (SMR)MSP AnalyticsMSP Sectors and developmentBusiness locationsLegislativePublic Calls for the SMEPublicationsStart upsProcedures and GuidelinesFundsInfo pointQuestionsFAQExport and B2BExportBusiness partnershipTopicsNewsEducations and workshopsFairs, Conferences





Add your company (+)

TERMINALI AD Doboj

Company name: TERMINALI AD Doboj
ID number: 4402747660005
Address: Kneza Miloša 87
Tel.: 053 241 553  ,Fax.: 053 204 040,Year of establishment: 35.22
Location: Doboj
Company size: malo
Activities: 08.11
Description of Activities: Vađenje ukrasnog kamena i kamena za gradnju, krečnjaka, gipsa, krede i škriljevca
Nu. of employees: 5




Map
Satelit


















Doboj - Wikipedia






















 






Doboj

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Dowey)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Doboj
Добој
The City on Three Rivers


Municipality






Location of Doboj within Republika Srpska


Coordinates: 44°44′N 18°08′E﻿ / ﻿44.733°N 18.133°E﻿ / 44.733; 18.133Coordinates: 44°44′N 18°08′E﻿ / ﻿44.733°N 18.133°E﻿ / 44.733; 18.133


Country
 Bosnia and Herzegovina


Entity
 Republika Srpska


Government


Area


 • Total
648 km2 (250 sq mi)


Population (2013 census)


 • Total
77,223


 • Density
100,02/km2 (25,910/sq mi)


Time zone
CET (UTC+1)


 • Summer (DST)
CEST (UTC+2)


Area code(s)
53


Website
http://doboj.gov.ba


Doboj (Serbian Cyrillic: Добој) pronounced [dôboj][2]) is a city and municipality in the northern region of the Republika Srpska entity in Bosnia and Herzegovina, on the river Bosna. Doboj is the largest national railway junction Railways Corporation of Bosnia and Herzegovina are located in Doboj. It is one of the oldest cities in the country and the most important urban center in northern Republika Srpska.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Ancient Times
1.2 Middle Ages
1.3 World War I and World War II
1.4 SFR Yugoslavia
1.5 Bosnian War

1.5.1 Ethnic cleansing and mass killings


1.6 2014 floods


2 Demographics
3 Symbol
4 Geography

4.1 Settlements


5 Economics
6 Nightlife and tourism
7 Transportation
8 Education
9 Sport
10 Notable places
11 Notable people
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]
Ancient Times[edit]
Doboj was continuously inhabited ever since Neolithic times. Fragments of pottery and decorative art were found on several localities, with the most known site in Makljenovac, south from the city proper, at the confluence of rivers Usora and Bosna. In fact, archeological findings from paleolithic era were found in the cave at this very site - Vila suburb.
Later on, Illyrian tribe of Daesitates settled in this region as early as 12 century BCE. Daesitates were one of the largest and most important Illyrian tribes residing at the territory of modern Bosnia and Herzegovina, sharing their northern borders with Breuci, another important tribe. Daesitates and Breuci started Great Illyrian Revolt, or in Roman sources, widespread rebellion known as Bellum Batonianum (6-9 AD). After the bloody rebellion was subdued, Roman legions settled in the area and built the large military camp and civilian settlement in Makljenovac. These structures were most likely built in the early Flavian dynasty era, during Vespasian's rule.
Middle Ages[edit]
The first official mention of the settlement is from 1415, as it was written in the charter issued by Dubrovnik to Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund, although there are numerous artefacts and objects that have been found (the National Museum of Bosnia/Herzegovina in Sarajevo and the Regional Museum in Doboj) and which confirm the fact that the area had been inhabited ever since the early Stone Age, and that the Roman Empire had an army camp (Castrum) and a settlement (Canabea) in the vicinity of the town dating from the 1st century AD. Following the arrival of the Slavs in the 6th century it became a part of the region/bannate Usora (in the medieval documents sometimes put together with the nearby province Soli, hence, Usora and Soli).
The Doboj fortress, a royal Kotromanić fortress, was first built in the early 13th century and then expanded in the early 15th century (1415). It was expanded again during the Ottoman Empire in 1490. This newer stone foundation of the fortress was built on previous layers of older foundation (dating to the 9th or 10th centuries) made of wood, mud and clay (Motte and Bailey type). It was a very important obstacle for invaders coming from the north, Hungarians, and later on, Austrians and Germans. It was built in the Gotho-Roman style with Gothic towers and Romanesque windows. The area saw numerous battles in medieval times and the fortress often changed hands between Bosnian and Hungarian armies. Doboj was the site of a particularly major battle between the Hungarians and a Bosnian/Turkish coalition in early August 1415 in which the Hungarians were heavily defeated on the field where the modern city of Doboj lies today (especially around the Makljenovac and Usora areas). As an important border fortress (between the Bosnian Kingdom and Hungary), it was also frequently attacked (officially recorded as 18 times) in the Austro-Ottoman Wars, and finally fell to the Habsburgs in 1878.
World War I and World War II[edit]





This section needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (July 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)


During World War I, Doboj was the site of the largest Austro-Hungarian concentration camp.[citation needed] According to its official figures, it held, between 27 December 1915 and 5 July 1917:

16,673 men from Bosnia and Herzegovina
16,996 women and children from Bosnia and Herzegovina (mostly of Serb ethnicity)
9,172 soldiers and civilians (men, women, children) from the Kingdom of Serbia
2,950 soldiers and civilians from the Kingdom of Montenegro

In total, 45,791 persons.
By February 1916, the authorities began redirecting the prisoners to other camps. The Serbs from Bosnia were mostly sent to Győr (Sopronyek, Šopronjek/Шопроњек)[citation needed].
Most of the interned from Bosnia were whole families from the border regions of eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is said that 5,000 families alone were uprooted from the Sarajevo district in eastern Bosnia along the border with the Kingdoms of Serbia & Montenegro.[citation needed]
The Nobel Prize-laureate Ivo Andrić was also an inmate of the camp.
From 1929 to 1941, Doboj was part of the Vrbas Banovina of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.
During World War II, Doboj was an important site for the partisan resistance movement. From their initial uprising in August 1941 up until the end of the war, the Ozren partisan squad carried out numerous diversions against the occupation forces, among the first successful operations in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
During this time, the Ustaša fascist regime, a puppet state of Nazi Germany, purged many pro-Partizan civilians, including Bosniaks, Serbs, Jews and Roma to concentration and labor camps. Croat resistance members and political opponents were also sent to concentration camps and condemned to death. According to public records 291 civilians from Doboj, of various ethnic backgrounds, perished in the Jasenovac concentration camp.[3] In 2010, the remains of 23 people killed by Yugoslav Partisans were found in two pits near the Doboj settlement of Majevac.[4] The non-governmental organization which discovered the remains alleges that nearby pits contain the remains of hundreds more also killed by the Partisans.
The town was liberated on 17 April 1945.
SFR Yugoslavia[edit]
The city was flooded in May 1968.[5]
Bosnian War[edit]
See also: Doboj massacre




View of Doboj from the fortress






14th Century Doboj Fortress, reconstructed in 2006, with a wooden stage added during reconstruction


Doboj was strategically important during the Bosnian War. In May 1992, the control of Doboj by laid with Serbian forces. The Serb Democratic Party took over the governing of the city. What followed was a mass disarming and subsequently mass arrests of all non-Serb civilians (namely Bosniaks and Croats). Many instances of war crimes and ethnic cleansing were committed by Serb forces.
Doboj was heavily shelled throughout the entire war by local Bosniak and Croatian forces. More than 5,500 shells, mortar rounds, and other projectiles were fired into the city proper and some 100 civilians were killed and several hundred wounded and maimed during the indiscriminate shelling.
Biljana Plavšić acting individually or in concert with Radovan Karadžić, Momčilo Krajišnik and others planned, instigated, ordered, committed or otherwise aided and abetted the planning, preparation or execution of the destruction, in whole or in part, of the Bosniak and Bosnian Croat national, ethnical, racial or religious groups, as such, in several municipalities, including but not limited to Doboj.[6][7]
After the Dayton Agreement and the peace following in Bosnia and Herzegovina, the city served as a major HQ/base for IFOR (later SFOR) units.
Ethnic cleansing and mass killings[edit]
Serb forces were implicated in the systematic looting and destruction of Bosniak and Croat homes and villages during the Bosnian War. Women were raped and civilians tortured and killed. Widespread looting and destruction of Bosniak homes and property took place daily and the mosques in town were destroyed. Many of the non-Serbs who were not immediately killed were detained at various locations in the town, subjected to inhumane conditions, including regular beatings, torture and strenuous forced labour. A school in Grapska and the factory used by the Bosanka company that produced jams and juices in Doboj was used as a rape camp. Four different types of soldiers were present at the rape camps including the local Serbian militia, the Yugoslav army (JNA), police forces based in the Serbian-occupied town of Knin (or "Marticevci" as their commander was Milan Martić) and members of the "White Eagles" (Beli Orlovi) paramilitary group who wore an insignia bearing three eagles and a "kokarda" on their hats. The man who oversaw the women's detention in the school was Nikola Jorgić, a former police officer in Doboj, who has been convicted of genocide in Germany and is currently serving a life sentence.[8][9]
Biljana Plavšić was charged with crimes against humanity that include but are not limited to the killings in Doboj. Plavšić's indictment related to genocide charges in Doboj specifically includes but is not limited to the following killings:[6]

the killing on or about 10 May 1992 of thirty-four Bosniak and/or Bosnian Croat civilians of the village of Gornja Grapska - Doboj municipality.
many of the Bosniaks and Bosnian Croats who survived the attacks and forced marches were taken to these camps and detention facilities, including but not limited to: Bare ammunition warehouse from 1 May 1992, Spreča prison from 1 May 1992, the SUP station from 1 May to 31 July 1992, Percin’s Disco from 1 May 1992, Ševarlije JNA barracks from 1 May to 30 June 1992, and the JNA hangars near the Bosanska plantation from May 1992, all in the Doboj municipality.

Other incidents currently under investigation include:[6]

the execution of 15 civilians from the Spreča Central Prison in Doboj in May 1992;
a series of mass executions of non-Serbs on the banks of the river Bosna on June 17–19, 1992;
a series of mass executions in the "July 4th" military barracks in the village of Miljkovac on July 12, 1992; and
the use of civilians as human shields against a Bosnian Army advance the same month.

Although Jorgić's, Plavšić's, Karadžić's and Krajišnik's cases were tried in foreign jurisdictions, the court of Bosnia and Herzegovina has processed or is currently processing the following cases for war crimes in Doboj:[10]

Milovan Stanković, the former Bosnian Serb military commander for the town and surrounding region.
Milan "Mićo" Ninković, formerly chairman of the local branch of the Serb Democratic Party, SDS, as well as being a former Bosnian Serb defence minister.
Andrija Bjelošević, the one-time head of the Doboj Security Centre.

2014 floods[edit]
In May 2014, Doboj was the city in Bosnia and Herzegovina that accounted for the most damage and casualties during and following the historic rainfall that caused massive flooding and landslides, taking the lives of at least 20 people in Doboj alone.
Throughout the two weeks after the beginning of the natural disasters, the corpses of victims were still being found on streets, in homes and automobiles.[11] On 26 May 2014, it was announced that the floods and landslides had uncovered mass graves with the skeletal remains of Bosniak victims of the Bosnian War of the 1990s.[12] The mass graves are located in the Usora Municipality and the exact number of victims is as of yet unknown.
Demographics[edit]
The last census in Bosnia and Herzegovina from which ethnic data are available was conducted in 1991, a year before the outbreak of the Bosnian War during which almost all non-Serbs in Doboj left or were ethnically cleansed. The population of the Doboj municipality was then 40,14% Bosniak (41.164), 38,83% Serb (39.820), 12,93% Croat (13.264), 5,62% Yugoslav (5.765) and others 2,48% (2.536).[13] With the municipality's post-war incorporation into Republika Srpska, very few non-Serbs have returned. As a result, Doboj's current Bosniak and Croat population is generally assumed to be near negligible. Ethnic statistics derived from data collected during the October 2013 census are expected to be released in July 2014.




Doboj Municipal Assembly





Doboj (town)


Year
2013
1991
1981
1971


Bosniaks
15.322 (21,44%)
11.154 (40,56%)
8.822 (37,44%)
8.976 (49,14%)


Serbs
52.628 (73,66%)
8.011 (29,13%)
6.091 (25,85%)
5.044 (27,61%)


Croats
1.845 (1,31%)
2.714 (9,86%)
2.852 (12,10%)
2.889 (15,81%)


Yugoslavs

4.365 (15,87%)
5.211 (22,11%)
919 (5,03%)


Others and unknown
1.156 (0,82%)
1.254 (4,56%)
582 (2,47%)
436 (2,38%)


Total
71.441
27.498
23.558
18.264


Population by settlements composing the town of Doboj:[14]

Bare: 732 (62%) Serbs, 153 (13%) Yugoslavs, 135 (11%) Croats, 112 (9%) Bosniaks, 53 (4%) others, 1,185 total
Centar: 3,720 (35%) Serbs, 3,365 (31%) Bosniaks, 1,982 (18%) Yugoslavs, 1,236 (12%) Croats, 432 (4%) others, 10,735 total
Čaršija: 3,561 (72%) Bosniaks, 594 (12%) Yugoslavs, 303 (6%) Serbs, 195 (4%) Croats, 273 (6%) others, 4,926 total
Doboj Novi: 358 (48%) Bosniaks, 237 (32%) Serbs, 39 (5%) Yugoslavs, 7 (1%) Croats, 108 (14%) others, 749 total
Donji Grad: 1,879 (37%) Serbs, 1,547 (31%) Bosniaks, 844 (17%) Yugoslavs, 569 (11%) Croats, 196 (4%) others, 5,035 total
Orašje: 1,411 (66%) Bosniaks, 293 (14%) Serbs, 231 (11%) Yugoslavs, 111 (5%) Croats, 90 (4%) others, 2,136 total
Usora: 924 (33%) Serbs, 779 (28%) Bosniaks, 502 (18%) Croats, 491 (17%) Yugoslavs, 117 (4%) others, 2,813 total

Symbol[edit]
The four squares represent the four mountains which mark the outer borders of Doboj valley in which the City of Doboj lies in: Ozren, Trebava, Vučjak, and Krnjin. The fleur-de-lis represent the medieval origins of the city in the royal fortress Gradina built by the kings from the medieval Bosnian dynasty of Kotromanić.
Geography[edit]
Before the war in Bosnia the municipality of the same name had a bigger area surface. A larger part of the pre-war municipality is part of the Republika Srpska, including the city itself, (the Doboj Region). The southern rural areas are part of the Zenica-Doboj Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and the eastern rural part of the municipality is part of the Tuzla Canton, also in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina. The parts of the pre-war Doboj Municipality that are in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina are the municipalities of Doboj South (Doboj Jug) and Doboj East (Doboj Istok) and the Municipality of Usora. The northern suburbs of Doboj are extending into the peri-Pannonian plains, and effectively mark the southern tip of this great Central European plain. The southern (Doboj-South)and eastern suburbs (Doboj-East) are spread on the gentle hills which extend to larger Central Bosnian mountain areas (Mt. Ozren in south-east, Mt. Krnjin in the west).
Settlements[edit]
• Božinci Donji • Bukovac • Bukovica Mala • Bukovica Velika • Bušletić • Čaršija • Čajre • Čivčije Bukovičke • Čivčije Osječanske • Doboj • Foča • Glogovica • Grabovica • Grapska Donja • Grapska Gornja • Johovac • Kladari • Komarica • Kostajnica • Kotorsko • Kožuhe • Lipac • Ljeskove Vode • Majevac • Makljenovac • Miljkovac • Opsine • Osječani Donji • Osječani Gornji • Paklenica Donja • Paklenica Gornja • Paležnica Donja • Paležnica Gornja • Pločnik • Podnovlje • Porječje • Potočani • Pranjkovci • Pridjel Donji • Pridjel Gornji • Prisade • Prnjavor Mali • Prnjavor Veliki • Ritešić • Sjenina • Sjenina Rijeka • Stanić Rijeka • Stanovi • Suho Polje • Svjetliča • Ševarlije • Tekućica • Tisovac • Trbuk • Trnjani • Vranduk i Zarječa.





Panoramic view of Doboj from the Doboj Fortress.


Economics[edit]
As a rail hub, before the Bosnian War, Doboj focused much of its industrial activities around it. Moreover, as a regional center, it was home to several factories, now mostly bankrupt from mismanagement or privatized, including "Bosanka Doboj", a fruit and vegetable product factory; "Trudbenik", a maker of air compressors and equipment, etc. Nowadays, most of the economy, similar to the rest of the country and typical of poorly executed transition from state-controlled to a market economy, is based around the service industry. High unemployment warrants a vibrant coffee shop and bar scene, crowded throughout most of the day and night (it is commonly believed that Doboj is one of the top three cities having the largest number of coffee bars/pubs within city limits in Bosnia & Herzegovina).
In 1981, Doboj's GDP per capita was 53% of the Yugoslav average.[15]
On the positive side, an approximately $800 million investment, due for groundbreaking during 2008 in the Stanari suburb, will start with the building of an electrical power plant. Additionally, the $1 billion investments in the northern Modriča Oil Refinery are likely to increase railroad traffic.
Nightlife and tourism[edit]
The City of Doboj is very colorful and contrasted to the extremes with a variety of urban cafés and bars mixed between older, traditional pubs and restaurants. Zanatski Centar is the central entertainment district located in Naselje Stadion (Stadium Village) in downtown Doboj. Within this relatively small urban oasis, there are numerous café bars, clubs, restaurants, arcade saloons, and sports-betting joints. Mixed Mediterranean and European continental food, hard rock, metal concerts, turbo-folk and various rising stars are somewhat common. Oriental dishes, ćevapčići, many varieties of beer and other liquors are all available in this area. Magic Caffe, Orange Bar, Havana, Corner Cafe, Time Out, City, Irish Pub, La Linea are notable bars in the area.
The famous bar/club "The Hole" by the recently renovated Doboj City Park is located in a stylish underground location (a former city amateur theater) overlooking the park and surrounding neighbourhood. The largest club in Doboj is "Džungla" (The Jungle). Only open for Concerts, it is located by the river Bosna. The most visited area of the city is the freshly renovated medieval city castle, Doboj Fortress built in the early 13th century. It now houses restaurants, shops and medieval exhibitions of preserved weaponry with children's playgrounds open during the day.
Transportation[edit]
The city is the region's commanding railroad knot, going south to Ploče on the Adriatic Sea, west to Banja Luka and Zagreb, north to Vinkovci, Croatia, and east to Tuzla, Bijeljina and Zvornik. The route of the future E-75 highway is supposed to pass through the Doboj area, and a separate highway toward western Banja Luka is nearing completion and will be open in 2018.
Education[edit]
Doboj hosts the private Slobomir P University branch, with several colleges like Faculty of information technology; Faculty of economics and management; Faculty of philology; Faculty of law; Fiscal Academy and Academy of Arts. Doboj also seats the Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Technical School, as well as several specialized High Schools.
Doboj also hosts the public Faculty of Transport and Traffic Engineering, a branch of University of East Sarajevo with several departments: Road & Urban Transport; Rail Transport; Postal Transport; Telecommunication and Logistics. Since 2015/2016. academic year, they opened new departments: Air Transport; Roads; Informatics in Transport and Motor vehicles.
Sport[edit]
The local football club, Sloga Doboj, plays in the First League of the Republika Srpska. The town's favourite sports activity, however, is handball. It is being played by the local club Sloga Doboj. Sloga Doboj ranks among the country's top teams and consistently qualifies for international competitions. Very importantly, Doboj traditionally hosts "The Annual Doboj International Champions' Handball Tournament" every year during the last days of August. The year 2013 will see its 45th tournament and once again, the best European handball teams will fight for the title of the Tournament's Winner. The prestige of this EHF-listed tournament was consistently strong enough to attract the most important names in the European team handball over the past five decades such as: Barcelona, Grasshopper, Gummersbach, Ademar León, CSKA, Steaua, Dinamo Bucureşti, Atlético Madrid, Red Star, Metaloplastika, Partizan, Pelister, Nordhorn, Pick Szeged, Veszprém, Göppingen, Montpellier, d'Ivry and Chekhovski Medvedi.
Notable places[edit]

The Doboj Fortress from the early 13th century, looking over the town.
A Roman military camp (Castrum) from the 1st century AD (right above the confluence of the Usora and the Bosna rivers)
Goransko Jezero, lake and recreation park in the vicinity of town.

Notable people[edit]

Aleksandar Đurić, Singapore footballer
Bojan Šarčević, basketball player
Borislav Paravac, politician
Danijel Pranjić, Croatian footballer
Danijel Šarić, Serbian, Bosnian and Qatari handball player
Dina Bajraktarević, singer
Dino Djulbic, Australian footballer
Dragan Mikerević, politician
Enis Bešlagić, actor
Fahrudin Omerović, footballer
Igor Vukojević, singer
Indira Radić, singer
Izet Sarajlić, historian
Jasmin Džeko, footballer
Krešimir Zubak, politician
Mirsada Bajraktarević, singer
Nenad Marković, basketball player
Ognjen Kuzmić, Serbian basketball player, NBA champion
Pero Bukejlović, politician
Sejad Halilović, former footballer
Silvana Armenulić, singer
Spomenko Gostić, soldier
Vladimir Tica, Serbian basketball player
Vlastimir Jovanović, footballer
Zoran Kvržić, footballer
Aidin Mahmutović, footballer

References[edit]



^ [1] Archived December 21, 2006, at the Wayback Machine.
^ Mangold, Max (2005). Das Aussprachewörterbuch (in German) (6th ed.). Mannheim: Dudenverlag. p. 279. ISBN 9783411040667. 
^ [2]
^ "Kod Doboja otkopali kosture žrtava iz 1945". Mondo.rs. 2010-08-23. Retrieved 2013-11-23. 
^ "Doboj potopljen istog dana kao i pre 46 godina". Telegraf. 22 May 2014. Retrieved 26 May 2014. 
^ a b c "Prosecutor v. Biljana Plavsic judgement." (PDF). 
^ "Prosecutor v. Momcilo Krajisnik judgement" (PDF). Sentenced to 27 years’ imprisonment 
^ "HUDOC Search Page". Cmiskp.echr.coe.int. Retrieved 2013-11-23. 
^ Helsinki Watch (1993). War crimes in Bosnia-Hercegovina. Human Rights Watch. ISBN 1-56432-097-9. 
^ "Institute for War and Peace Reporting". Iwpr.net. 2005-04-30. Retrieved 2013-11-23. 
^ "Pronađeno tijelo muškarca, broj žrtava u RS dosegao 19". Radio Sarajevo. 24 May 2014. Archived from the original on 27 May 2014. Retrieved 26 May 2014. 
^ "Poplave otkrile nove masovne grobnice". Radio Sarajevo. 26 May 2014. Archived from the original on 27 May 2014. Retrieved 26 May 2014. 
^ Official results from the book: Ethnic composition of Bosnia-Herzegovina population, by municipalities and settlements, 1991. census, Zavod za statistiku Bosne i Hercegovine - Bilten no.234, Sarajevo 1991.
^ "Bosnian Congres - census 1991 - North of Bosnia". Hdmagazine.com. Retrieved 2013-11-23. 
^ Radovinović, Radovan; Bertić, Ivan, eds. (1984). Atlas svijeta: Novi pogled na Zemlju (in Croatian) (3rd ed.). Zagreb: Sveučilišna naklada Liber. 



External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Doboj.







This article's use of external links may not follow Wikipedia's policies or guidelines. Please improve this article by removing excessive or inappropriate external links, and converting useful links where appropriate into footnote references. (November 2013) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



Tipura.com
ESI report: A Bosnian Fortress. Return, energy and the future of Republika Srpska (19 December 2007)
Sve o Doboju
Dobojlive.com
Prvi ISP na području Dobojske regije
Bhtourism.ba
Doboj.com
Dobojskatvrdjava.rs.ba
Sajam.doboj.net







v
t
e


Political divisions of Bosnia and Herzegovina










v
t
e


Entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina






Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
Republika Srpska


















v
t
e


Cantons of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina







   


 Una-Sana
 Central Bosnia




 Posavina
 Herzegovina-Neretva




 Tuzla
 West Herzegovina




 Zenica-Doboj
 Sarajevo




 Bosnian Podrinje
 Canton 10


















v
t
e


Districts of Bosnia and Herzegovina






Brčko distrikt















v
t
e


Municipalities and cities in Bosnia and Herzegovina



Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina




Cities



Bihać
Mostar
Sarajevo (capital)
Široki Brijeg
Tuzla
Zenica





Municipalities



Banovići
Bosanska Krupa
Bosanski Petrovac
Bosansko Grahovo
Breza
Brčko
Bugojno
Busovača
Bužim
Čapljina
Cazin
Čelić
Čitluk
Drvar
Doboj East
Doboj South
Dobretići
Domaljevac-Šamac
Donji Vakuf
Foča-Ustikolina
Fojnica
Glamoč
Goražde
Gornji Vakuf-Uskoplje
Gračanica
Gradačac
Grude
Hadžići
Ilidža
Ilijaš
Jablanica
Jajce
Kakanj
Kalesija
Kiseljak
Kladanj
Ključ
Konjic
Kreševo
Kupres
Livno
Ljubuški
Lukavac
Maglaj
Neum
Novi Travnik
Odžak
Olovo
Orašje
Pale-Prača
Posušje
Prozor-Rama
Ravno
Sanski Most
Sapna
Sarajevo

Centar
Novi Grad
Novo Sarajevo
Stari Grad


Srebrenik
Stolac
Teočak
Tešanj
Tomislavgrad
Travnik
Trnovo
Usora
Vareš
Velika Kladuša
Visoko
Vitez
Vogošća
Zavidovići
Žepče
Živinice








Republika Srpska




Cities



Banja Luka
Bijeljina
Doboj
Istočno Sarajevo
Prijedor
Trebinje





Municipalities



Berkovići
Bileća
Brod
Bratunac
Brčko
Čajniče
Čelinac
Derventa
Donji Žabar
Foča
Gacko
Gradiška
Han Pijesak
Istočni Drvar
Istočni Mostar
Istočno Sarajevo

Istočna Ilidža
Istočno Novo Sarajevo
Istočni Stari Grad
Pale
Sokolac
Trnovo


Jezero
Kalinovik
Kneževo
Kostajnica
Kozarska Dubica
Kotor Varoš
Krupa na Uni
Kupres
Laktaši
Ljubinje
Lopare
Milići
Modriča
Mrkonjić Grad
Nevesinje
Novi Grad
Novo Goražde
Osmaci
Oštra Luka
Pelagićevo
Petrovac
Petrovo
Prnjavor
Ribnik
Rogatica
Rudo
Stanari
Šamac
Šekovići
Šipovo
Srbac
Srebrenica
Teslić
Ugljevik
Višegrad
Vlasenica
Vukosavlje
Zvornik
















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Doboj&oldid=791572288"					
Categories: DobojPopulated places in DobojMunicipalities of Bosnia and HerzegovinaMunicipalities of Republika SrpskaHidden categories: Webarchive template wayback linksCS1 German-language sources (de)CS1 Croatian-language sources (hr)Coordinates on WikidataArticles containing Serbian-language textArticles needing additional references from July 2013All articles needing additional referencesAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2009Wikipedia external links cleanup from November 2013Wikipedia spam cleanup from November 2013 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikivoyage 



Languages


العربيةБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎БългарскиBosanskiCatalàCebuanoČeštinaChiTumbukaDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어HrvatskiInterlingueItalianoעבריתBasa JawaLatviešuLietuviųМакедонскиNederlands日本語پنجابیPolskiPortuguêsРусскийScotsShqipSicilianuSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиSvenskaТатарча/tatarçaTürkçeУкраїнськаاردو中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 21 July 2017, at 04:01.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 








Terminali a.d. Doboj SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Terminali a.d. Doboj



















































			Currency : $
		


$







contact
sitemap
















ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789

 








Categories



A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9













>
T>Terminali a.d. Doboj SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Terminali a.d. Doboj
			











Terminali a.d. Doboj SWOT Analysis - Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, Threats of Terminali a.d. Doboj

This SWOT Analysis of Terminali a.d. Doboj provides a full SWOT analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile shows a comprehensive view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats.
More details












Reference: 
SWT10107733



Quantity:




				This product is not sold individually. You must select at least 1 quantity for this product.
			


Availability:







Warning: Last items in stock!



























Share on Facebook


	Remove this product from my favorites


	Add this product to my favorites
 Print












Data sheet









Terminali a.d. Doboj SWOT Analysis OverviewCategories: strategic analysis, company report, market analysisTag: key employees, key competitors, detailed financial ratiosDescription: International demand can increase. The market shows growth potential.This SWOT Analysis of Terminali a.d. Doboj provides a strategic report of businesses and operations of the company. The SWOT analysis shows strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats. This SWOT analysis of Terminali a.d. Doboj can provide a competitive advantage.This analysis contains 801 data points.Last update: July 2017.SWOT - Strengths-reduced labor costs-skilled workforce-experienced business units-domestic market-monetary assistance provided-high profitability and revenue SWOT - Weaknesses-taxes-high investments in research and development SWOT - Opportunities-income level is at a constant increase-new products and services-growing demand-new markets SWOT - Threats-increasing rates of interest Business TrendsProfitabilityOutlookMarketThe industry shows a growth rate of about 2%.Industry specific SWOT analysis (Relevance/Importance)What happens in the underlying industry? Factors and trends affecting the overall industry and their implications for this business:Strengths-The industry shows a strong diversification. (22%, 10%)-The industry provides future trends. (20%, 10%)-The industry is more robust than the economy in general. (56%, 51%)-This is a global industry. (24%, 58%) Weaknesses-There is a competitive market. (21%, 49%) Opportunities-New market trends can be seen. (58%, 17%)-The industry faces a recovery. (51%, 58%) Threats-The industry shows a growing competition. (47%, 53%) A SWOT Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the history of the company, corporate strategy, business and financial structure, management and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis on products and services, key competitors, as well as detailed financial information.Data on this page may have come in part, or entirely, from one or more data providers. Please contact us for further information. We are not responsible for any errors or omissions on this page. This website is for information purposes only. This is a sample report.Comparable companies and industriesSee a list of comparable companies or industries depending on the similarity of SWOT elements. We use weighted SWOT factors and a clustering technique to identify similar objects.Jim Pattison Broadcast Group SWOT AnalysisIntegrated Practice Solutions SWOT AnalysisRevelation Ventures Inc. SWOT AnalysisCDG DVELOPPEMENT SWOT AnalysisCEMMAC as SWOT Analysis







Top 5 SWOT Analysis Search AppleMicrosoftFacebookChina MobileYahoo Compliance Compliance is necessary to make sure that any business or action conducted by a company is within legal parameters. The compliance unit develops, initiates, maintains, and revises policies and procedures for the general operation of the compliance program and its related activities to prevent illegal, unethical, or improper conduct. Financial and strategic SWOT analysis A financial and strategic SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) Analysis provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, financial data, business structure, business divisions and key operations. Each report contains a detailed SWOT analysis with additional information on the key competitors, market structure, major products, brands and services, as well as detailed financial data for the last 5 years. Due Diligence Due diligence is the process of systematically researching and verifying the accuracy of a financial statement, business or investment. SWOT Analysis – Advantages and Limitations Over the past decade, SWOT analysis has been extended beyond companies to products, organizations, countries and industries. Each professional business plan contains a SWOT analysis. What are the benefits and limitations? Advantages  You can use a SWOT analysis to summarize a complex situation. It is easy to understand and has little or no cost. Quantitative and qualitative information from different sources can be combined. Focus on the key internal and external factors affecting the organization. It is easy to perform and understand. It can be used fast.    Limitations  There is no weight or prioritization of factors. A SWOT analysis contains of a list of factors without further descriptions or links between factors. The analysis does not provide any solutions. It is only a description. 







 Free information
 Worldwide Coverage
 Free Listings
 Free Access
 Easy and Secure





Categories




A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0


1


2


3


4


5


6


7


8


9









Information

Specials New products
Top sellers Contact us
Legal Notice and Privacy Policy
Terms and conditions of use
About us
Sitemap





My account


My orders
My credit slips
My addresses
My personal info


				My favorite products
	


Sign out




Follow us

Facebook Twitter 





This site uses cookies so that we can improve your experience on our sites. You can read about cookie privacy policy by clicking on this link: Privacy Policy



Copyright © 2017 Weiner Consulting. All Rights Reserved. The content of this website is for informational purposes only.
Advisor4u | 
Advisor4u Jobmarket |
Advisor4u Companies |
Advisorgate Industries |
Businessplaninternational | 
Businessplaninternational Digital 
Businessplaninternational SWOT |
Businessplaninternational Datacenter |
Businessplaninternational Freelance | 
Businessplaninternational Marketplace | 
Businessplangate 
Businessplangate Companies |
Livingplace4u College |
Livingplace4u Jobs | 
Propertyplace4u |
Productplace4u |
Advisorgate |
Advisorgate Reports 
Advisorgate BPlans |
Advisorgate Financials |
Advisorgate Competition |
SWOTAnalysis24 |
SWOTData |
Advisorgate SWOT













Products























































 
 







Home | Sitemap | Legal Notice | Privacy protection | Terms & Conditions








 MENU


 
 









 
 




 
 
 
 








GLOBAL SYSTEM SUPPLIER
Engineering - Production - Assembly



 
 






 SYSTEM SOLUTIONS


 
 




 
 
 
 







 


Preis Group | Foundry Products | Products

Products
PREIS is able to offer various cast iron products, from tailor made products based on customer needs and design, up to serial production in high volumes. With more then 50 years of production and engineering experience, we are able to produce and supply high-quality machined and coated products, applicable in the wide range of industry sectors.

Motors and Generators[More]Pump Industry[More]Bearing housings[More]Castings for other industries[More]Castings for municipal purposes[More]Drainage systems[More]


 
 
 
 
 

 
  























Datalogic | Global Technology Leader in the Automatic Data Capture and Process Automation Markets






































chn
deu
eng
esp
fra
ita
prt
rus









COMPANY
                    








About us







Global Locations







Organization







Our History







Alliances







Quality, Safety & Environment







Careers










INVESTORS
            




SOLUTIONS
            




PRODUCTS
                    










In-Counter/On-Counter Scanners/Scales







Store Automation







Loss Prevention







Presentation Scanners







General Duty Handheld Scanners









Industrial Handheld Scanners







Mobile Computers







Laser Marking







Sensors







Safety









Machine Vision







Unattended Scanning Systems







Dimensioner







RFID







OEM Products








 




All Products



 







CONTACT US
                    








Where to Buy







Request a Product Quote







Orders & Deliveries







Service Contracts







Product Information







Technical Support







Repairs







Other










SUPPORT
                    










In-Counter/On-Counter Scanners/Scales







Store Automation







Loss Prevention







Presentation Scanners







General Duty Handheld Scanners









Industrial Handheld Scanners







Mobile Computers







Laser Marking







Sensors







Safety









Machine Vision







Unattended Scanning Systems







Dimensioner







RFID







OEM Products








Search product













PARTNERS
            




MEDIA CENTER
            









 




COMPANY
                    








About us







Global Locations







Organization







Our History







Alliances







Quality, Safety & Environment







Careers










INVESTORS
            




SOLUTIONS
            




PRODUCTS
                    










In-Counter/On-Counter Scanners/Scales







Store Automation







Loss Prevention







Presentation Scanners







General Duty Handheld Scanners









Industrial Handheld Scanners







Mobile Computers







Laser Marking







Sensors







Safety









Machine Vision







Unattended Scanning Systems







Dimensioner







RFID







OEM Products








 




All Products



 







CONTACT US
                    








Where to Buy







Request a Product Quote







Orders & Deliveries







Service Contracts







Product Information







Technical Support







Repairs







Other










SUPPORT
                    










In-Counter/On-Counter Scanners/Scales







Store Automation







Loss Prevention







Presentation Scanners







General Duty Handheld Scanners









Industrial Handheld Scanners







Mobile Computers







Laser Marking







Sensors







Safety









Machine Vision







Unattended Scanning Systems







Dimensioner







RFID







OEM Products








Search product













PARTNERS
            




MEDIA CENTER
            






























Memor™ X3 HC
The popular Memor X3 is now available in a healthcare specific enclosure featuring Datalogic’s advanced 2D imaging.


																discover
															






Matrix 120™
Matrix 120™ is the smallest ultra-compact industrial 2D imager that fits into any integration space. This is the newest entry level member of the best-in-class Matrix family of high performance industrial 2D imagers.


																watch video
															








Straight to our Retail Customers’ Heart






Straight to our Manufacturing Customers’ Heart






Straight to our Transportation & Logistics Customers’ Heart






Straight to our Healthcare Customers’ Heart






Previous



Next





Our Solutions








Retail
Innovation for All Retail











Manufacturing
Solutions for All Your Needs











Transportation & Logistics
Real Time Traceability











Healthcare
Saving Lives, Saving Costs










Contact and Support

Please tell us what you need help with. Begin troubleshooting here










Contacts
If you are looking for more information or advice on a particular matter, you’ll find many ways to contact us right here













Tech Support
Whether you’re looking for answers or would like to solve a problem we’ll help you resolve your issues quickly and easily













Downloads
You can download all the collaterals you may need. Images, Manuals, Data Sheets, Brochures, Software & Utilities and many others










About us

Datalogic is a world-class producer of bar code readers, mobile computers, sensors for detection and safety, vision systems and laser marking systems

Continue









News and Events
Keep up to date with our latest news stories and events. Learn more about our innovative research, world-class products and shows












Careers
Being part of Datalogic means believing in the future, progressing professionally and personally and turning passions into actions 












Investor Relations
25.78€ | -0.35 %Delay time 20 minutes04:31  PM












				This website uses profiling cookies to send advertising messages in line with your online navigation preferences and allows sending third-party cookies. If you continue browsing on the website you consent to the use of cookies.
				
					Learn more 




					Close 
































Commercial Credit Report for Terminali a.d. Doboj - Report Preview
















































CreditRiskMonitor helps corporate credit, procurement and finance professionals stay ahead of financial risk with comprehensive commercial credit reports, risk analysis and monitoring for more than 57,000 active, publicly-traded companies worldwide. 
                                    Reports typically include detailed financial statements, ratios, peer analyses, bond agency ratings from Moody's, S&P and Fitch, when available, and our proprietary FRISK® score, proven 96% accurate in predicting financial failure of public companies. Below is a partial preview of the CreditRiskMonitor report for Terminali a.d. Doboj.
                                To get the full report on this and other companies at no charge, request a personal demo and free trial.
                                
                                To purchase this report now, or if you are a subscriber, click here.







Terminali a.d. Doboj



KNEZA MILOSA 87


Phone: +387 53242098p:+387 53242098
DOBOJ, 74000  Bosnia and Herzegovina
Ticker:
              TEDO-R-ATEDO-R-A






Business Summary




Terminali ad Doboj is a Bosnia and Herzegovina-based company engaged in the distribution of liquid, firm and gas fuels, as well as lubricants. The Company’s major shareholder is Integral Inzenjering ad.(Source: ARS)


Scores and Ratings




FRISK®Score
Z''Score
IRA CQScore
DBTIndex
S&PRating
Moody'sRating
FitchRating

YesYes-----


Financials, News and Filings




LatestStatement
LastAudit
News
SECFilings
BankruptcyFilings
Suit &JudgmentFilings
TaxLienFilings

12/31/201612/31/2016Yes----


Industries



SIC Code
Description


5171
Petroleum bulk stations and terminals


5989
Fuel dealers, not elsewhere classified





Officers and Directors



Title
Name
Age
TitleDate
StartDate


Chairman of the Board
SlavicaPrastalo





Chief Executive Officer
ZlatanSimic





Director
BiljanaKondic





Director
NikolinaSavic

1/1/2014
12/31/2011





General Information



Number of Employees:
12
 (As of 6/30/2013) 


Outstanding Shares:
2,264,827
 (As of 12/31/2016) 


Stock Exchange:
BANJ


Fax Number:
+387 53223743
















Copyright © 2017 CreditRiskMonitor.com (Ticker: CRMZ).  
All rights reserved.     

By using this website, you accept the Terms of Use Agreement. 
Fundamental financial data concerning public companies may be provided by Thomson Reuters (click for restrictions)

Thursday, August 03, 2017




SITE MAP | ABOUT US | DIRECTORY | STOCK QUOTE: CRMZ | SIGN IN







 







