 




WESCO International, Inc. Company Profile – SWOT Analysis Report : DecisionDatabases.com





































 Email: [email protected]













































Toggle navigation



 






Home


Categories


Blog


About Us


Contact Us



 














  
 












 Home 


Company Profiles 















 


WESCO International, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report


ID:PD002626
February 2016
Value Market Research





Single User License: $ 125.00        
                                                                        Multi User License: $ 250.00        
                                                                    



Buy Now Download Sample Ask Questions 





Description
Table Of Content




                                        The professional and profound study of WESCO International, Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial details and competitive assessment of the company. On the competitive edge, this report evaluates the strategies adopted by the company. This profile is of significant use to the Management Consultants, Industry Analysts, Market Research Organizations, Investors, Corporate Advisors and other consultants.
 
FEATURES:

Detailed information on WESCO International, Inc. required for business and competitor intelligence needs
In-depth study of the factors influencing WESCO International, Inc. as SWOT Analysis
Detailed analysis of the business model of WESCO International, Inc. comprising of breakdowns and examinations of the key business segments
Track on strategic business developments of WESCO International, Inc.
News and Press Releases about WESCO International, Inc., such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract wins
Easy to understand statistical charts & graphs showing key trends and data

 
HIGHLIGHTS:

WESCO International, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report offers a comprehensive analysis of the corporate growth activities of the organization in order to sustain its competitive advantage. It delivers a detailed strategic analysis of the company's business, examining its performance in the market over a period of time. The data in this report is derived from in-house databases, company websites, company annual reports and several paid sources.
 
The profile covers facts and statistics specifying summary of the WESCO International, Inc., key facts & figures, key employees details, company history, locations and subsidiaries, business description, products & services offered and SWOT analysis of the company. Owing to this information, competitive positioning of the company can be understood.
 
The WESCO International, Inc. company profile evaluates the business of the company through SWOT analysis. It offers intense outlook on the strengths of the company which lead to avail potential market opportunities for the business. The report is beneficial to comprehend the weaknesses that will aid to overcome critical issues affecting the business. This will aid to understand the company’s strategies towards business development and superintending market challenges. The profile helps to formulate strategies that augment client’s business by enabling them to understand their partners, customers and competitors better.
 
This company profile offers a detailed insight into the financial position of the firm, while in-depth qualitative analysis will help client understand WESCO International, Inc. strategy and growth prospects. The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company are delivered. In addition, it includes the most recent financials of the company and also compares the historical sales & income figures with the current and projected figures. This profile accentuates on the financial performance, stock data and corporate information.
 
The WESCO International, Inc. company profile includes exhaustive study on company’s corporate activities covering the financial deals. It reviews the top deals, mergers and acquisitions, capital raising strategies, partnership and divestment transactions undertaken by WESCO International, Inc.. However, these corporate activities delineate the smooth working and financially health of the company.
 
The profile evaluates the substantial developments that have taken place in the company. The profile emphasizes on the growth strategy of WESCO International, Inc. in accordance with their multiple business segments. This profile examines recent performances, activities and strategies of WESCO International, Inc., and assesses the same for the possible future directions. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals categorized into deal types and its description. It offers critical news analysis of the company’s operations. Recent developments examine the strategic initiatives adopted by the company to undertake growth in the industry. These business strategic initiatives comprise of partnerships/collaborations/agreements, mergers & acquisitions, new product launches and other developments.
 
The report is a compilation of important statistics and facts that brings out a clear and an unbiased view of the company’s strategical and financial welfare. The representation of this information is eased with tables and figures that are valued source of guidance and direction for clients interested in the WESCO International, Inc. company profile.
 
WESCO International, Inc. – Strategy and SWOT Report Evaluates:

Corporate and Business Strategies
SWOT Analysis
Financial Filing
Top Deals and Recent Developments

 
REASONS TO PURCHASE: 

Gain understanding of WESCO International, Inc. and the factors that influence its strategies
Latest corporate news and strategic initiatives of the company
Assess WESCO International, Inc. as a potential collaborator and supplier
Support sales activities by understanding your customer’s businesses better
Stay up to date on the business structure of WESCO International, Inc., its strategy and prospects
Formulate functions such as planning, strategy, marketing, sales and competitive assessment for WESCO International, Inc. 

 
* Depending on the availability of the data, Table of Contents may change in the final product
* Report Delivery will be done in 24 - 48 hrs once the purchase is finalized
                                     
                                


























1.  WESCO International, Inc.- Overview
1.1.  WESCO International, Inc.- Company Summary
1.2.  WESCO International, Inc.- Key Facts
1.3.  WESCO International, Inc.- Business Description
1.4.  WESCO International, Inc.- Key Employees
1.4.1.   WESCO International, Inc.- Key Employee Biographies
1.5.  WESCO International, Inc.- Major Products And Services
1.6.  WESCO International, Inc.- History
1.7.  WESCO International, Inc.- Locations And Subsidiaries

2.  WESCO International, Inc.- Analysis
2.1.  WESCO International, Inc.- Business Summary
2.2.  WESCO International, Inc.- Corporate Strategy
2.3.  WESCO International, Inc.- SWOT Analysis
2.3.1.  WESCO International, Inc.- Strength
2.3.2.   WESCO International, Inc.- Weakness
2.3.3.   WESCO International, Inc.- Opportunities
2.3.4.   WESCO International, Inc.- Threats
2.4.  WESCO International, Inc.- Key Competitors

3.  WESCO International, Inc.- Investors Relations
3.1.  WESCO International, Inc.- Financials And Filing
3.1.1.   WESCO International, Inc.- Financial Ratios And Statistics
3.1.1.1.  WESCO International, Inc.- Relative Valuations
3.1.1.2.  WESCO International, Inc.- Financial Strength
3.1.1.3.  WESCO International, Inc.- Profitability
3.1.1.4.  WESCO International, Inc.- Effectiveness
3.1.1.5.  WESCO International, Inc.- Efficiency
3.2.  WESCO International, Inc.- Financial Performance

4.  WESCO International, Inc. Corporate Activity- Financial Deals
4.1.  WESCO International, Inc.- Financial Deals Overview
4.2.  WESCO International, Inc.- Partners
4.3.  WESCO International, Inc.- Advisors
4.4.  WESCO International, Inc.- Top Deals
4.5.  WESCO International, Inc.- Mergers And Acquisitions
4.6.  WESCO International, Inc.- Capital Raising

5.  WESCO International, Inc.- Recent Developments
5.1.  WESCO International, Inc.- Recent Developments Overview
5.1.1.   WESCO International, Inc.- Partnerships/Collaboration/Agreements
5.1.2.   WESCO International, Inc.- Merger And Acquisitions
5.1.3.   WESCO International, Inc.- New Product Launch
5.1.4.   WESCO International, Inc.- Other Developments

6. Appendix
6.1. Contact Us
6.2. Methodology

 WESCO International, Inc.- List of Table

 WESCO International, Inc.- Key Facts
 WESCO International, Inc.- Board Of Directors
 WESCO International, Inc.- Key Executives Of The Company
 WESCO International, Inc.- Major Products And Services
 WESCO International, Inc.- Key Competitors
 WESCO International, Inc.- Financial Summary
 WESCO International, Inc.- Relative Valuations
 WESCO International, Inc.- Financial Strength
 WESCO International, Inc.- Profitability
 WESCO International, Inc.- Effectiveness
 WESCO International, Inc.- Efficiency
 WESCO International, Inc.- Top Deals
 WESCO International, Inc.- Partnerships/Collaboration/Agreements
 WESCO International, Inc.- Merger And Acquisitions
 WESCO International, Inc.- New Product Launch
 WESCO International, Inc.- Other Developments

 WESCO International, Inc.- List of Figures

 WESCO International, Inc.- SWOT Analysis Of The Company
 WESCO International, Inc.- Ratio Charts
 WESCO International, Inc.- Performance Chart
 WESCO International, Inc.- Capital Raising By Deal Type
 WESCO International, Inc.- Recent Developments

* Depending on the availability of the data, Table of Contents may change in the final product
* Report Delivery will be done in 24 - 48 hrs once the purchase is finalized
                                         





Related Categories

                                        Company Profiles                                    
























Get Custom Research at price of Syndicate 


Related Reports
 Honeywell International Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Honeywell International Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization  read more..

 Caterpillar Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Caterpillar Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Unilever - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Unilever provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 HCL Technologies - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of HCL Technologies provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Siemens AG - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Siemens AG provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 Boeing Company - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Boeing Company provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 Johnson & Johnson - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Johnson & Johnson provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Intel Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Intel Corporation provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..

 Facebook Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of Facebook Inc. provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure, financial  read more..

 McDonald's Corporation - Strategy and SWOT Analysis Report
The professional and profound study of McDonald's Corporation provides 360° analysis of the information on the operations, organization structure,  read more..




 













 










WESCO International, Inc. | Home






































Search   










A World of Solutions












Earnings Call



WESCO 2nd Quarter 2017 Earnings Call

Thursday, July 27, 2017  10:00am - 11:00am EDT
Register now










WESCO is a Fortune 500 global leader of electrical, industrial, and communications MRO and OEM products, construction materials, and advanced supply chain management and logistics services. With a strong portfolio of businesses and a high-performance continuous improvement culture, WESCO’s value proposition is founded on developing solutions to satisfy the complex challenges our customers face every day.







 


All Around the World




WESCO has operations in 17 countries around the world, partnering with many Fortune 1,000 companies that need a global strategic partner to efficiently and consistently support their operations wherever they are located.
Learn More 


 


A Cleaner World




WESCO is helping utilities manage equipment replacements and upgrades while providing the resources to better manage their supply chains.
Learn More 


 


A Safer World




WESCO works with leading technology companies to deliver premier security solutions that can help detect threats, prevent theft, and keep people safe.
Learn More 


 


A Connected World




WESCO partners with global leaders in automation and information technology to provide customers with the tools they need to successfully deploy the latest technologies and improve their business.
Learn More 


 




Wesco  Achievements



Wholesalers

                        Diversified category on FORTUNE magazine's annual list of the world's most admired companies:  2017 - #2, 2016 – #3
                    



Fortune 500

                        2015 – #360
                    



Barron's 500 List

                        2015 - #144
2014 - #59
2013 - #2




ELECTRICAL WHOLESALING MAGAZINE

                        Electrical Wholesaling top 200: 2015 - #2
                    





                        WESCO recognized as a 2020 Women on Boards Winning “W” Company for Board diversity and female representation for the years 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015
                    





                        WESCO recognized as a Corporate Champion by The Women’s Forum of New York for demonstrating that women on boards is good business due to women holding 20% or more of corporate board seats for the years 2013, 2014, 2015
                    





                        WESCO selected as one of the Top 10 overall best shareholder letters in 2013 (2012 Annual Report) by NACD
                    



See More





 

WORK AT WESCO

At WESCO, your career can grow and change as your skills and interests do. We offer a place for everyone, from corporate headquarters to our field locations, from marketing to fleet services. Regardless of where you are or what you do, we always work to ensure that you are challenged, respected, and happy in the workplace.
Current Openings


Visit our investor knowledge base
Visit Page












+ Home



Home

All Around The World


A Cleaner World


A Safer World


A Connected World






About


+ What We Do



What We Do

Strategic Supplier Partnerships


Value-Added Solutions


Product & Service Portfolio






Our Businesses


+ Corporate Responsibility



Corporate Responsibility

Sustainability


Community


WESCO Foundation






Investors


Careers


Contact




















WESCO International, Inc. | Product & Service Portfolio








































Search   













Product & Service Portfolio
Whatever the project, WESCO is a one-stop shop for almost any product or service you need to get the job done.







WESCO is a preferred supplier of products and services to the world’s top companies, and we know what it takes to help your business operate more efficiently and profitably. We put our years of experience, our value-added solutions, and our strong relationships with industry-leading suppliers in your corner to help your business stay ahead of the competition.
CATEGORIES:
AutomationBroadband CommunicationsData CommunicationsElectricalElectronicsLightingMaintenance, Repair and OperationsRenewablesSafetySecurityWire, Cable and Conduit







 


Automation




We have the expertise in machine and process automation to deliver value and performance while enhancing safety, efficiency, and energy management.
Learn More


 


Broadband Communications




We serve a diverse customer portfolio in the broadband and broadcast end markets with the broadest product offering in the industry, all while helping customers optimize their network deliverables for subscribers and minimize operational expense.
Learn More


 


Data Communications




For more than 40 years, we’ve provided world-class data communication solutions – including copper and fiber cable/connectivity, racks, cabinets, cable management, and power supplies – for enterprise networks and data centers.
Learn More


 


Electrical




We’ve been a leading distributor of electrical products for nearly a century. Our customers know they can count on us for whatever needs they have in this area.
Learn More


 


Electronics




From automation and control to relays, sensors, and switches, we have the products and solutions to meet all of your electronics needs.
Learn More


 


Lighting




Lighting has never been more advanced, and neither have our offerings. We work with industry leaders to give businesses what they need to keep up with this growing technology.
Learn More


 


Maintenance, Repair & Operations




We offer customized MRO sourcing solutions and products ranging from abrasives and adhesives to tools and janitorial supplies.
Learn More


 


Renewables




We’re able to meet the increasing solar demand with the help of industry-leading suppliers and their cutting-edge offerings, including inverters, racking, and solar lighting.
Learn More


 


Safety




We help customers ensure a safe and compliant workplace with comprehensive safety services and products, including personal protective equipment (PPE), signage, respiratory and fall protection, and more.
Learn More


 


Security




From video surveillance to access control, we provide the products, solutions, and expertise needed to ensure the safety of your facility.
Learn More


 


Wire, Cable, and Conduit




We’re a reliable source for wire, cable, and conduit products, and we offer specialized solutions to keep them performing in even the harshest environments.
Learn More


 











+ Home



Home

All Around The World


A Cleaner World


A Safer World


A Connected World






About


+ What We Do



What We Do

Strategic Supplier Partnerships


Value-Added Solutions


Product & Service Portfolio






Our Businesses


+ Corporate Responsibility



Corporate Responsibility

Sustainability


Community


WESCO Foundation






Investors


Careers


Contact















WESCO International - Wikipedia





















 






WESCO International

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from WESCO Distribution)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Wesco Financial or WESCO oil.

WESCO International, Inc.





Formerly called

Westinghouse Electric Supply Company



Type

Public company


Traded as
NYSE: WCC


Industry
Maintenance, Repair, and Operations


Founded
1922; 95 years ago (1922)


Headquarters
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

John Engel
(Chairman and CEO)


Products
electronic instruments & controls


Revenue



 US$ 7.513 billion (2013)
 US$ 6.579 billion (2012)






Operating income




 US$ 481 million (2013)
 US$ 333 million (2012)






Net income




 US$ 276.5 million (2013)
 US$ 201.8 million (2012)





Total assets



 US$ 4.617 billion (2013)
     US$ 4.630 billion (2012)





Total equity
identical to total assets



Number of employees

9,200 (2013)


Website
www.wesco.com


Footnotes / references


Financials[1]:35,37,63–6
Employees[1]:2





WESCO International, Inc. is a holding company for WESCO Distribution, a multinational electronics distribution and services company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Despite the 'international' moniker, the company makes "nearly all of its sales" in the United States.[2]
WESCO International, Inc. (NYSE: WCC), a publicly traded Fortune 500 holding company headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a provider of electrical, industrial, and communications maintenance, repair and operating ("MRO") and original equipment manufacturers ("OEM") product, construction materials, and advanced supply chain management and logistic services. 2012 annual sales were approximately $6.6 billion. The Company employs approximately 9,000 people, maintains relationships with over 18,000 suppliers, and serves over 100,000 customers worldwide. Customers include commercial and industrial businesses, contractors, government agencies, institutions, telecommunications providers and utilities. WESCO operates seven distribution centers and approximately 400 full-service branches in North America and international markets.[citation needed]



Contents


1 History
2 Executive Officers
3 Board of Directors
4 WESCO subsidiaries
5 References
6 Notes
7 External links



History[edit]
In 1922, WESCO Distribution was formed as a subsidiary of the Westinghouse Electric Corporation also based in Pittsburgh. It had existed for decades within Westinghouse as the subsidiary charged with selling and distributing company components in the electrical and industrial fields. WESCO maintained close ties to its parent. In 1994, the private equity firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice (CD&R) arranged for the purchase of WESCO from Westinghouse.
CD & R sold WESCO to The Cypress Group for $1.1 billion in June 1998. This group formed WESCO International, Inc., which is the current owner of WESCO Distribution.[3]
On May 12, 1999, WESCO held its initial public offering on the New York Stock Exchange, selling 9.72 million shares for $18 per share, raising $175 million.
In 2008, the company was recognized for "environmentally sustainable business practices" through an Environmental Stewardship Award from Veolia ES Technical Solutions.[4][notes 1]
In November 2010 the company acquired TVC Communications, a "distributor of broadband communications network infrastructure" for about US$250,000,000.[5]
In June, 2012 the company acquired Conney Safety for an undisclosed sum.[6][7]
Executive Officers[edit]

John J. Engel - Chairman, President & CEO
David S. Schulz - Sr. Vice President, CFO
Diane E. Lazzaris - Sr. Vice President, General Counsel
Kim Windrow - Sr. Vice President, CHRO

Board of Directors[edit]

Sandra Beach Lin - Former CEO, Calisolar
John J. Engel - Chairman, President & CEO, WESCO International
Matthew J. Espe - CEO, Radial Inc.
Bobby J. Griffin - Former President, International Operations of Ryder System, Inc.
John K. Morgan - Former Chairman, President & CEO, Zep Inc.
James J. O'Brien - Former Chairman, CEO Ashland, Inc
Steven A. Raymund - Chairman, of Tech Data Corporation
James L. Singleton - Chairman, CEO of Cürex Group Holdings, LLC
Lynn M. Utter - CEO, of First Source LLC

All Board Members terms are set to expire in May 2017[8]
WESCO subsidiaries[edit]

Avon Electrical Supplies
Carlton Bates Company (CBC)
CCA (formerly Control Corporation of America)
Communication Supply Corporation
Conney Safety
EECOL Electric
EESCO
TVC (MaxCell, NCTC, White Sands Engineering, Satellite Engineering Group). Founded by George Gardner in 1952, in Lewistown, Pennsylvania. TVC is the oldest distributor of construction materials and supplies for the cable television, telecommunication and data communication industries.[citation needed] The company expanded in the ensuing decades and by 2010 had three divisions: White Sands Engineering, MaxCell, and Marathon. White Sands Engineering, based in Phoenix, Arizona, is the leading manufacturer of custom-made cable harness in the U.S. for the cable television, telephone, satellite, broadcast, data delivery and computer industries.[citation needed] MaxCell produces textile innerduct. Marathon provides products for communications networks. Wesco purchased TVC Communications and its divisions for a purchase price of $246.5 million, in December 2010.
WESCO Distribution Canada
WESCO Distribution China
WESCO Distribution de México
Wesco Integrated Supply (WIS)
WESCO SPS
Whitehill Lighting & Supplies (State College, PA)
W.R. Controls

References[edit]



^ a b "WESCO International, Inc.". EDGAR. Form 10-K. U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. February 21, 2014. Commission file number 001-14989. 
^ "WESCO International, Inc. Company Profile". Yahoo! Finance. Archived from the original on August 15, 2012. Retrieved March 26, 2014. 
^ "BUYOUT FIRM JOINS WESCO MANAGERS IN TAKEOVER". Archives. The New York Times. April 25, 1998. Archived from the original on March 26, 2014. 
^ "Veolia honors WESCO". American Recycler. 12 (5). United States. May 2009. p. A-5. 
^ "WESCO completes acquisition of TVC Communications". Telecom Mergers & Acquisition Monthly Newsletter. United States: Information Gatekeepers. November 2010. p. 4. 
^ http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wesco-international-inc-announces-the-acquisition-of-conney-safety-products-159403175.html
^ http://wesco.investorroom.com/2012-07-10-WESCO-International-Inc.-Completes-the-Acquisition-of-Conney-Safety-Products
^ http://wesco.investorroom.com/index.php?s=20



Notes[edit]



^ Veolia ES is likely Veolia Environmental Services, but this remains to be verified.



External links[edit]

Official website
WESCO Distribution de México
WESCO Distribution Canada
WESCO Distribution China
Carlton Bates Company (CBC)
TVC Communications
Conney Safety



Pittsburgh portal








v
t
e


Pittsburgh






History

Timeline


Culture
Dialect
Media
Neighborhoods
Notable people
Skyscrapers










Government






Airport
Conventions
City Hall
Courthouse
Mayor
Council
Events
InterGov
Police
D.A.
Sheriff
Fire
Libraries
Transit
Education
Port
Regional













Economy










Allegheny Conference
Duquesne Club
Chamber of Commerce
Economic Club
HYP Club
Stock Exchange





Fortune 500
headquarters



US Steel
PNC
PPG
Heinz
WESCO
Consol
Dick's
Allegheny Technologies





Forbes' largest Private Companies



84 Lumber
Giant Eagle





Other headquarters



American Bridge
American Eagle
Ampco
Ansys
Armstrong
Black Box
Calgon Carbon
Compunetix
Dollar Bank
DQE
Eat'n Park
Education Management Corporation
EQT
Federated
GNC
Guru.com
Highmark
IGATE
Iron City
Kennametal
Koppers
Laughlin
MARC USA
Millcraft
MSA
Niche.com
Oxford
PTC
Renda
rue21
UPMC
Vocelli
Wabtec





Shared headquarters



Alcoa
ModCloth
Nova Chemicals





Subsidiary headquarters



Allegheny Energy
Bayer Corporation
FedEx Ground
GlaxoSmithKline USA
Lanxess
Respironics
Vivisimo
Westinghouse





Regional operations



AA
BNY Mellon (formerly Mellon Financial)
Dreyfus
Eaton
Spreadshirt
Macy's





Historic



Big Wheel
Clark
Dravo
Fisher
Integra
Mesta
Murphy
Gulf Oil
J&L
Ketchum
Rockwell
Sunbeam
Westinghouse
















Sports










Dapper Dan
Grand Prix
Great Race
Head of the Ohio
Lore
Marathon
Mylan Classic
Regatta
WPHL





Baseball



Pirates
Wild Things
Panthers
Dukes


Chronicle-Telegraph Cup
Allegheny
Burghers
Champions
Crawfords
Filipinos
Grays
Hardhats
Keystones
Stogies
Rebels





Basketball



Yellow Jackets
Panthers (m)
Panthers (w)
Dukes (m)
Dukes (w)
Colonials (m)
Colonials (w)


Roundball Classic
Condors
Ironmen
Loendi
Monticello
Phantoms
Pipers
Piranhas
Pirates
Rens
Xplosion





Football



Steelers
Panthers
Steeler Nation
heritage
Colts
Force
Passion
Renegades


1898 All-Stars
Allegheny
Americans
A's
Duquesne
Gladiators
Homestead
Lyceum
Maulers
Power
Odds
Olympics
Quakers
JP
Stars
Early Pro Football Circuit





Hockey



Penguins
Colonials (m)
Colonials (w)
Three Rivers Classic


A's
Bankers
Cougars
Duquesne
Ft. Pitt
Hornets
Keystones
Lyceum
Panthers
Phantoms
Pirates
Pirates (WPHL)
Pros
Shamrocks
Victorias
Winter Garden
Yellow Jackets





Soccer



Riverhounds


Beadling
Cannons
Hurricanes
Phantoms
Spirit





Other



Sledgehammers
Bulls
Harlequins
PCC
Triangles
Wallabies
Studio Wrestling
Dirty Dozen





Venues



PPG Paints Arena
Heinz Field
PNC Park
84 Lumber Arena
Fitzgerald Field House
Highmark Stadium
Palumbo Center
Petersen Events Center
Petersen Sports Complex
Rooney Field
Sewall Center
Trees Hall


Central Park
Civic Arena
Duquesne Gardens
Exposition Park
Forbes Field
Josh Gibson Field
Greenlee Field
Motor Square Garden
Pitt Stadium
Recreation Park
Schenley Gardens
Three Rivers
Winter Garden
















Parks










Allegheny Arsenal
Allegheny Commons
Allegheny Riverfront
ArtGardens
Buhl Community
Chatham University Arboretum
Frank Curto
Frick
Emerald View
Highland
Market Square
Mellon
Mellon Green
Mellon Square
North Shore Riverfront
Phillips
Point of View
Point State
PPG Place
Riverview
Roberto Clemente Memorial
Rodef Shalom Biblical Botanical Garden
Schenley
Schenley Plaza
South Shore Riverfront
South Side
Three Rivers
West End Overlook
Westinghouse
















Transportation










Inclines
Steps












v
t
e


Port Authority of Allegheny County



Light rail
(List of stations)



Blue Line – Library
Blue Line – South Hills Village
Red Line










Inclines
(Historical list)



Duquesne Incline
Monongahela Incline





Buses and busways
(List of routes)



Martin Luther King Jr. East Busway
South Busway
West Busway





Former lines



47 Drake
Brown Line
PATrain
Skybus





Other



North Shore Connector
Port Authority 4000 Series PCC
Wabash Tunnel















v
t
e


Public transportation in Greater Pittsburgh



Bus services



Port Authority of Allegheny County

list of bus routes


Beaver
Butler
Fayette
IndiGO
Mid Mon Valley
Mountain Line
New Castle
Town & Country
University of Pittsburgh
Washington
Westmoreland





Bus rapid transit



MLK Jr. East Busway
South Busway
West Busway





Light rail



Red Line
Blue Line

Library
South Hills Village







Inclines



Duquesne
Monongahela





Amtrak



Capitol Limited
Pennsylvanian





Airports



Pittsburgh International
Arnold Palmer
Allegheny County
Beaver
Butler
Eddie Dew
Greensburg Jeannette
Herron
Jefferson
Jimmy Stewart
Joe Hardy
Lakehill
Monroeville
New Castle
Rock
Rostraver
Washington
Wheeling
Zelienople





Discontinued



Broadway Limited
Brown Line
List of streetcar routes in Pittsburgh
Parkway Limited
PATrain
Skybus















v
t
e


Tunnels and bridges in Pittsburgh



Tunnels



Allegheny River Tunnel
Armstrong Tunnel
Cork Run Tunnel
Corliss Tunnel
Fort Pitt Tunnel
J&L Tunnel
Liberty Tunnel
Mount Washington Transit Tunnel
Pittsburgh and Castle Shannon Tunnel
Pittsburgh & Steubenville Extension Railroad Tunnel
Schenley Tunnel
Squirrel Hill Tunnel
Wabash Tunnel








Bridges



30th Street Bridge
31st Street Bridge
33rd Street Railroad Bridge
40th Street Bridge
Bloomfield Bridge
Birmingham Bridge
David McCullough Bridge
Fort Duquesne Bridge
Fort Pitt Bridge
Fort Wayne Railroad Bridge
Glenwood Bridge
Glenwood B&O Railroad Bridge
Highland Park Bridge
Homestead Grays Bridge
Hot Metal Bridge
Liberty Bridge
McKees Rocks Bridge
Panhandle Bridge
Panther Hollow Bridge
Schenley Bridge
Senator Robert D. Fleming Bridge
Smithfield Street Bridge
South Tenth Street Bridge
Three Sisters

Roberto Clemente Bridge
Andy Warhol Bridge
Rachel Carson Bridge


Veterans Bridge
West End Bridge



















Attractions










Aviary
Baywood
Cathedral of Learning
Chinatown
Conservatory
Dippy
Immaculate Heart
Duquesne Incline
Heinz Chapel
Little Italy
Mellon Institute
Mon Incline
Observatory
Pamela's
Penn Station
Point of View sculpture
Primanti's
Science Center
Steps
USS Requin
Zoo
Kennywood
Luna Park
Westinghouse Sign





Landmarks



National (City)
National (County)
State
City
PHLF
Cultural





Museums



Art
Arts
Arts Festival
Bible
Fort Pitt and Blockhouse
Clayton
Clemente
Children's
Frick
Glass Center
History
Jazz
Jewish
Mattress Factory
Dental
Miller
Miss Pittsburgh
Nationality Rooms
National Map
Natural History
Soldiers and Sailors
Warhol
Wilson
WSG





Venues



Heinz Hall
Benedum
Byham
Harris
Kelly-Strayhorn
New Hazlett
O'Reilly
Foster
Playhouse
Trib
Hunt
Stage AE
Syria Mosque
Nixon Theater





Festivals



Anthrocon
Arts
Blues
Comicon
Fashion
Film
Folk
Handmade
New Works
Tekko
Whiskey & Fine Spirits
Wine
















Shopping and entertainment






Casino
Gateway Clipper Fleet
Station Square
Strip
Downtown
Oakland
South Side


Macy's
Market Square
Southside Works
Waterworks
Mount Washington
East Liberty
Squirrel Hill
Shadyside
Walnut Street


Opera
Ballet
Symphony
Brass
Classical Theatre
Dance
Ensemble
Caravan Theatre
Folk
Light Opera
Opera Theater
Jewish Theatre
Public Theater
Playwrights
Musical Theater
Stage Right
Youth Ballet
Youth Symphony
Bricolage
NNOC







v
t
e


Shopping malls in Pittsburgh



Enclosed



Beaver Valley Mall
The Block Northway
Century III Mall
The Galleria of Mt. Lebanon
The Mall at Robinson
Monroeville Mall
Pittsburgh Mills
Ross Park Mall
South Hills Village
Station Square
Uniontown Mall
Warner Centre
Washington Crown Center
Westmoreland Mall





Lifestyle /
Outdoor



Bakery Square
Edgewood Towne Centre
Ellsworth Avenue
McCandless Crossing
Northern Lights
Robinson Town Centre
Settlers Ridge
SouthSide Works
Walnut Street
The Waterfront
Waterworks Mall





Outlet



Grove City Premium Outlets
Tanger Outlets Pittsburgh





Defunct



Allegheny Center Mall
East Hills Shopping Center (Eastgate Commerce Center)
Eastland Mall
Greengate Mall
Parkway Center Mall
Village Square Mall
Washington Mall
















Colleges and universities






Pitt
Carnegie Mellon
Duquesne
Robert Morris
Chatham
Point Park
Carlow
Art Institute
Byzantine Catholic Seminary
Pittsburgh Theological Seminary
Saint Paul Seminary
CCAC













Culture of Pittsburgh






Cookie table
Jewish history
Iron City Brewing Company
Jagoff
Joe Magarac
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood
Mr. Yuk
Parking chairs
Pittsburgh left
Pittsburgh toilet
Robot Hall of Fame
Steeler Nation











 Book
 Category
 Portal










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=WESCO_International&oldid=791923467"					
Categories: Companies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeConglomerate companies of the United StatesHolding companies established in 1922Companies based in PittsburghPrivate equity portfolio companies1922 establishments in PennsylvaniaConglomerate companies established in 1922Business services companies established in 1922Hidden categories: Pages using deprecated image syntaxPages using infobox company with unsupported parametersAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from March 2012Articles with unsourced statements from June 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


اردو 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 09:27.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

































  Product Manager Jobs At Wesco International, Inc - Management Job Search













































Home


My Profile


Search Jobs


Post Resume


My Recommended Jobs


All Jobs


Sign In / Register
















Product Manager Jobs At Wesco International, Inc




        Search Options
      



        Expand
      

        Collapse
      



Keywords



Location







Distance

10 miles
20 miles
30 miles
50 miles
100 miles
150 miles

within your location










     This icon indicates that the job is mobile optimized - you can apply to it right on your mobile device.
    

     Jobs that don't have this icon require users to visit the employer's website and finish the application process there.
    








      product manager Jobs at WESCO International, Inc
    






      Refine This Search
    



      City
    







	    Pittsburgh  (18)
	  




	    Norristown  (3)
	  




	    Woodridge  (3)
	  




	    Carol Stream  (2)
	  




	    Columbus  (2)
	  




	    San Diego  (2)
	  




	    Anchorage  (1)
	  




	    Baton Rouge  (1)
	  




	    Charlotte  (1)
	  




	    Duluth  (1)
	  




	    Fairburn  (1)
	  




	    Gaithersburg  (1)
	  




	    Greenfield  (1)
	  




	    Greer  (1)
	  




	    Hauppauge  (1)
	  




	    Huntsville  (1)
	  




	    Indianapolis  (1)
	  




	    Lemoyne  (1)
	  




	    Little Rock  (1)
	  




	    Livonia  (1)
	  




	    Madison  (1)
	  




	    Midlothian  (1)
	  




	    New Bedford  (1)
	  




	    New Haven  (1)
	  




	    Peoria  (1)
	  




	    Phoenix  (1)
	  




	    Shawnee  (1)
	  




	    Westborough  (1)
	  




	    Winter Haven  (1)
	  






      Company
    







	    WESCO International, Inc  (53)
	  






      Pay
    







	    Unspecified  (53)
	  




	    $1 - <$15k  (0)
	  




	    $15k - <$30k  (0)
	  




	    $30k - <$50k  (0)
	  




	    $50k - <$75k  (0)
	  




	    $75k - <$100k  (0)
	  




	    Over $100,000  (0)
	  






      State
    







	    Pennsylvania  (22)
	  




	    Illinois  (6)
	  




	    California  (2)
	  




	    Georgia  (2)
	  




	    Indiana  (2)
	  




	    Massachusetts  (2)
	  




	    Ohio  (2)
	  




	    Alaska  (1)
	  




	    Alabama  (1)
	  




	    Arkansas  (1)
	  




	    Arizona  (1)
	  




	    Connecticut  (1)
	  




	    Florida  (1)
	  




	    Kansas  (1)
	  




	    Louisiana  (1)
	  




	    Maryland  (1)
	  




	    Michigan  (1)
	  




	    North Carolina  (1)
	  




	    New York  (1)
	  




	    South Carolina  (1)
	  




	    Virginia  (1)
	  




	    Wisconsin  (1)
	  






Save This Search

Sort by:
Distance (Closest first)
Date (Newest first)
Relevance




1 - 25 of 53 results

Next
 

Job Description
Company
Location
Pay






Senior Industrial Automation Specialist



      Product Manager Automation, Network/Security and Information Systems We are seeking an enthusiastic and self-motivated Product Manager with experience and knowledge of plant floor automation and the integration of such equipment into information networks
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-IL-Woodridge
N/A








Director, Category Management - Electrical Distribution & Controls



      The Director Category Management will develop and implement the overall product line strategy designed to drive profitable sales execution for the entire company and across all customer segments. This leader will oversee and lead all product category reso
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-PA-Pittsburgh
N/A








Business Development Manager, Power Products



      We are seeking an enthusiastic and self-motivated Business Development Manager to take ownership and responsibility for promotion and sales growth goals for Rockwell Automation’s Power product portfolio which is based on PowerFlex® AC, DC, and Medium Volt
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-IL-Woodridge
N/A








District Manager



      The District Manager oversees all functions of the assigned district's branches to provide acceptable return on controllable assets while improving WESCO's market share on a consistent and regular basis. • Oversee key marketing areas, establish district m
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-PA-Pittsburgh
N/A








District Manager



      The District Manager oversees all functions of the assigned district's branches to provide acceptable return on controllable assets while improving WESCO's market share on a consistent and regular basis. • Oversee key marketing areas, establish district m
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-AK-Anchorage
N/A








Business Development Manager



      The Business Development Manager manages research, analysis and development of new business opportunities. The chosen candidate may develop licensing objectives, policies and programs, or initiate proposals, negotiations and presentations for the acquisit
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-IL-Carol Stream
N/A








Lighting Manager



      The Lighting Manager directs the promoting and selling of WESCO lighting products and services to larger customers. • Develop, recommend and implement a yearly sales plan, including strategies to support the plan • Responsible for completing Bid Spec Desi
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-PA-Norristown
N/A








Manager, Information Technology



      The Manager of Information Technology - Oracle E-Business Suite, is critical to the deployment and maintenance of WESCO’s Master Data Management (MDM) systems. The ideal candidate will provide technical leadership for the implementation and ongoing suppor
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-PA-Pittsburgh
N/A








Sales Manager



      The Sales Manager provides strategic direction and progressive leadership to achieve sales and profit goals within a region, specific line(s) of business or channels. He or she will design and recommend sales and marketing programs and set short- and long
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-IL-Carol Stream
N/A








Branch Sales Manager



      The Branch Sales Manager provides strategic direction and progressive leadership to achieve sales and profit goals within a region, specific line(s) of business or channels. The Branch Sales Manager designs and recommends sales and marketing programs and
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-CA-San Diego
N/A








District Operations Manager



      The District Operations Manager selects, trains and assists the District Operations staff to achieve objectives by growing sales, reducing operating costs, improving billing margins and improving customer service within the assigned District. Responsibili
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-MA-Westborough
N/A








Field Marketing Manager



      Collaborates with regional directors to develop regional sales and marketing plans. Works closely with supplier’s field sales organizations to create and implement marketing programs that drive sales growth for key regional and participating suppliers. •
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-NY-Hauppauge
N/A








Alliance Manager - Generation Programs (One WESCO)



      The Alliance Manager is responsible to build key client relationships by expanding the web of influence, recognizing all client needs/opportunities and drive service excellence resulting in profitable sales growth for all assigned accounts. The Alliance M
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-CT-New Haven
N/A








Purchasing Manager



      The Purchasing Manager is responsible for complete oversight and management of all aspects of purchasing for assigned locations to improve product costs while maximizing margins. The chosen candidate will optimize and maintain strong supplier relationship
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-IN-Indianapolis
N/A








Category Development Manager - MRO & Safety



      Responsible for driving, supporting, and providing assistance in the category strategy business plan implementation and execution across the organization. Directs and manages the Category Development Team, with dedicated team members aligned with various
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-PA-Pittsburgh
N/A








Sales Manager



      The Sales Manager provides strategic direction and progressive leadership to achieve sales and profit goals within a region, specific line(s) of business or channels. He or she will design and recommend sales and marketing programs and set short- and long
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-IL-Woodridge
N/A








Senior Account Representative



      CBC-OEM - Cincinnati is looking for an energetic and focused Field Sales Representative to expand our business in the Industrial Controls & Automation market segments. We are specifically interested in people who have sold at an Enterprise level to Fortun
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-OH-Columbus
N/A








District Sales Manager



      Responsible for leadership, management and profitability of an assigned sales district within WESCO. Responsible for consistently achieving District sales goals through the direction, organization, coordination, communication and development of Branch Sal
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-LA-Baton Rouge
N/A








Region Purchasing Manager



      The Region Purchasing Manager develops, directs and implements strategies for purchasing and inventory functions within assigned locations, including managerial and administrative responsibilities. • Provide strong leadership to all personnel • Develop st
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-PA-Pittsburgh
N/A








Program Manager



      Under the direction of a Senior Program Manager, the Program Manager directs customer support services, purchasing, warehouse management and other contract compliance activities. • Coordinate purchasing, customer services, vendor relationships and warehou
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-VA-Midlothian
N/A








Program Manager



      Under the direction of a Senior Program Manager, the Program Manager directs customer support services, purchasing, warehouse management and other contract compliance activities. • Coordinate purchasing, customer services, vendor relationships and warehou
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-PA-Pittsburgh
N/A








Branch Operations Manager



      The Branch Operations Manager oversees all administrative, personnel and internal functions of the branch location. Provides strong leadership to assigned staff to meet and optimize established levels of business performance objectives, service, productiv
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-PA-Lemoyne
N/A








Branch Operations Manager



      The Branch Operations Manager oversees all administrative, personnel and internal functions of the branch location. Provides strong leadership to assigned staff to meet and optimize established levels of business performance objectives, service, productiv
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-CA-San Diego
N/A








Branch Operations Manager



      The Branch Operations Manager for the Washington, DC branch oversees all administrative, personnel and internal functions of an active branch location. Provides strong leadership to assigned staff to meet and optimize established levels of business perfor
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-MD-Gaithersburg
N/A








Branch Operations Manager



      The Branch Operations Manager oversees all administrative, personnel and internal functions of the branch location. Provides strong leadership to assigned staff to meet and optimize established levels of business performance objectives, service, productiv
    







WESCO International, Inc


      WESCO International, Inc
    

US-MI-Livonia
N/A








1 - 25 of 53 results

Next
 

























Wesco - Drum Handling, Hand Trucks, Lift Equipment






















































 800-445-5681 

info@wescomfg.com




















Drum Equipment
Hand Trucks
Lift Equipment
Platform Trucks & Carts
Dock & Shipping
Custom Products
Standard Lexco Lift & Die Tables






Manufacturers of material handling equipment










Custom Products Built to Your Specifications
 








 


×
Request a Quote






Close










Categories
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z #













1,000, 1,500, 2,000 lb Capacity Powered Stackers - Platform, Fork, Fixed & Adjustable Base Legs, Telescoping Fork Stackers
100 Series Industrial Duty Steel Hand Trucks




Aluminum Cobra Convertible, Spartan Economy Convertible, Spartan Shelf Carts
Aluminum Cobra-Lite Hand Trucks, Options, Components, Handles
Aluminum, Steel, Wood U-Boats
Appliance Trucks




Barrel Lifter
Barrel Handlers
Barrel Truck
Battery Transfer Cart
Bumpers




Casters
Cobra-Lite Aluminum Hand Trucks
Collapsible Truck
Convertible Steel Hand Trucks
Convertable Truck
Counter-Balance Powered Stackers
Cylinder & Universal Lifts, Hydraulic & Winch Lite Lifts
Cylinder Lifts, Carts and Trucks




Design your own hand truck
Die Lift Tables
Dock and Shipping Equipment, Wire Shelving and Wheels 
Dock Lights / Strapping Truck and Tools
Drum Dollies - Steel, Aluminum, Polypropylene
Drum Dumper
Drum Faucets
Drum Grabber
Drum Trucks
Drum Handling Equipment
Drum Handling Fork Attachments
Drum Lifters, Universal Drum Lifter
Drum Mover
Drum Racks, Cradles
Drum Slings and Dispensers
Drum Transporter
Drum Trucks - Steel & Aluminum, Pail Truck, Pail Tipper
Drum Trucks, Carriers, Dispensers
Drum Wrenches, Deheaders, Pumps, Drip Pans




Economy, Tilting, High Frame Hand Trucks, Curb Ramps
Electric Stackers
Ergonomic Drum Handlers




FM Approved Drum Faucets, Valves, Vents, Gauges, Wires
Folding-Handle Platform Trucks; Steel, Stainless, Aluminum
Fork Extensions
Fork Drum Grabs
Fork Stackers
Fork Truck Drum Dispensers, Poly Drum Lifters




Gator Grip Drum Grab
Greenline Standard Duty Steel Hand Trucks




Hand Cart
Hand Dolly
Hand Lift Truck
Hand Trucks
Hand Winch Lifts
Handles
Heavy Duty Machine Dolly & Rollers
Heavy Duty Steel Hand Trucks
Hoist Mounted Drum Lifter
Hydraulic Lift Tables
Hydraulic Stackers
Hydraulic Work Positioners




Knock Down (KD) Drum Trucks




Lexco® Hydraulic Lift Tables & Die Handlers
Lift Equipment
Lift Tables
Lifters




Maintenance Platform
Manual & Electric Value Lifts, Office Lifts, Mini Winch Stacker
Manual Pallet Jack
Mini Cobra, 3 Position Cobra, Spartan III, Powered CobraPro, Options




NSF Approved Wire Shelving & Accessories




Overhead Drum Lifter




Pail Tipper
Pail Truck
Pallet Leveler
Pallet Jack
Pallet Lifter
Pallet Mover
Pallet Trucks Manual & Powered, Pallet Jack Chock, Backrest Guards
Panel Cart
Pedalifts
Pedestal Lift Tables
Plastic Service Carts
Plastic Box Trucks
Plastic Platform, Lightweight Folding Trucks
Platform Truck, Cart & Dolly 
Platform Stackers, Thrifty Stackers, Drum & 1,000 lb Winch Stackers
Platform Trucks - Aluminum, Steel Grid, Steel, Narrow Aisle Shelf Cart, Power Drive Platform Truck
Portable Hand Trucks
Positioners
Powered Hand Truck
Powered Pallet Truck
Powered Scale Truck
Powered Stackers
Power LiftKar HD Stairclimbing Trucks 




Rais-N-Rol™ Machinery Movers




Scale Truck
Scissor Lift Tables
Scissors Lift Tables & Die Lift Table
Stackers
Stainless Steel Drum Dollies
Stainless Steel Drum Trucks
Stair Climber
Stair Climbing Hand Truck
Stairking Stair Climbing Trucks
Steel Pedalifts: Winch & Hydraulic
Steel Service Carts
Strip Doors




Tilt Carts
Touch-N-Tilt® Trucks
Trailer Stabilizing Jacks / Cargo Bars
Triple Truck, Aluminum Pedalifts
Triple Truck Drum Attachment
Trolleys
Two Position Hand Truck
Two-In-One Hand Truck
Two Wheelers
Two Wheeled Hand Truck




U Boats




Vending & Appliance Trucks, Steel & Aluminum, Standard & Heavy Duty




Walkie Powered Pallet Truck
Wesco® Lift Tables, Capacities from 200 to 6000 lb Manual and Powered Lift
Wesco® Wheels
Winch Lift
Wire Basket & Table Top Office Carts, File Cabinet Truck, Desk Mover
Wire Cage & Package Platform, Panel Carts
Wire Racks
Wire Shelving
Wood Dollies
Work Positioners












 







WESCO International, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report
















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in











Technology & Media»Computer Hardware & Networking»Electronics»Electronics Company Reports 



WESCO International, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report


Lowest Prices Guaranteed
Length
Publisher
Published Date
SKU


from $175
29 Pages


MarketLine




December, 2015
                                

MTLN5927861





Lowest Prices Guaranteed


Price
from $175


Length
29 Pages


Publisher

MarketLine



Published Date

December, 2015

                            


SKU
MTLN5927861



Table of Contents




Close Window
Table of Contents




WESCO International, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report


Printer format



MarketLine

Company OverviewBusiness DescriptionHistoryKey Employees and BiographiesCompany ViewLocations and SubsidiariesSWOT AnalysisRevenue AnalysisKey CompetitorsMajor Products and Services




Description




Close Window
Description




WESCO International, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT Report


Printer format



MarketLine


WESCO International, Inc. - Strategy and SWOT ReportIntroductionWESCO International, Inc.  - Strategy and SWOT Report, is a source of comprehensive company data and information. The report covers the company’s structure, operation, SWOT analysis, product and service offerings and corporate actions, providing a 360˚ view of the company.Features:Detailed information on WESCO International, Inc. required for business and competitor intelligence needsA study of the major internal and external factors affecting WESCO International, Inc. in the form of a SWOT analysisAn in-depth view of the business model of WESCO International, Inc. including a breakdown and examination of key business segmentsIntelligence on WESCO International, Inc.’s mergers and acquisitions (M&A), strategic partnerships and alliances, capital raising, private equity transactions, and financial and legal advisorsNews about WESCO International, Inc., such as business expansion, restructuring, and contract winsLarge number of easy-to-grasp charts and graphs that present important data and key trendsHighlights:WESCO International, Inc. (WESCO or ‘the company’) is a provider of electrical, industrial, communications maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) and original equipment manufacturers (OEM) products. In addition, the company also offers construction materials, advanced supply chain management and logistic services. The company primarily operates in North America. It is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and employed approximately 9,400 people in FY2014.  The company recorded revenues of $7,889.6 million during the financial year ended December 2014 (FY2014), an increase of 5% over FY2013. The operating profit of the company was $466.2 million in FY2014, a decrease of 3.1% compared to FY2013. The net profit of the company was $275.9 million in FY2014, a decrease of 0.2% compared to FY2013.Reasons to Purchase:Gain understanding of WESCO International, Inc. and the factors that influence its strategies Track strategic initiatives of the company and latest corporate news and actions Assess WESCO International, Inc. as a prospective partner, vendor or supplierSupport sales activities by understanding your customers' businesses betterStay up to date on WESCO International, Inc.’s business structure, strategy and prospects





Search inside this report




Close Window
Search inside this report
















Online Download
$175


Purchase






Site License
$350


Purchase






Global Site License
$525


Purchase










 



Research assistance



US: 800.298.5699
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093
















      Download our eBook: How to Succeed Using Market Research
    

      Learn how to effectively navigate the market research process to help guide your organization on the journey to success.
    

        Download eBook
    



Share this report









Other tasks

Printer format
Order by fax
Currency converter

























































 



 WESCO International, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results 
         










    










 













 











 



















WESCO International, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results
        																																																											
              

          Second quarter highlights:- Consolidated net sales of $1.91 billion- Operating profit of $83.1 million- Earnings per diluted share of $1.02- Repurchased $50 million of shares
        
















 News provided by
WESCO International, Inc.  
Jul 27, 2017, 06:00 ET









 Share this article




























































PITTSBURGH, July 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- WESCO International, Inc. (NYSE:   WCC), a leading provider of electrical, industrial, and communications MRO and OEM products, construction materials, and advanced supply chain management and logistics services, announces its results for the second quarter of 2017.








Mr. John J. Engel, WESCO's Chairman, President and CEO, commented, "Our second quarter results were in line with the outlook we provided in April. Notably, we returned to organic sales growth in the quarter, after eight consecutive quarters of sales declines, driven by growth in our Industrial and CIG end markets as well as in our Canadian and International businesses. Our sales momentum accelerated as the quarter progressed, and this trend has continued into July, with all geographies growing to start the third quarter. Backlog grew sequentially in the quarter versus the typical seasonal decline, with June marking the highest monthly backlog since 2012. Operating margin was also in line with our expectations, as we continue to execute our cost management and supply chain initiatives to mitigate the effects of a still-challenging and demand-constrained pricing environment. Additionally, during the quarter, we repurchased $50 million of shares, while remaining within our targeted financial leverage band.
The first half has developed as we expected, and we are encouraged with the improving momentum of our business. Our technical capabilities and service offerings promote loyal customer relationships and growth. In the second half, as our expected growth accelerates, we plan to invest to strengthen our differentiated business model and improve our competitive advantage in 2018 and beyond. Based upon our first half results and our plan for the second half, we have narrowed our full-year expectations for sales to be up 1% to 3%, operating margin to be 4.1% to 4.3%, and EPS to be $3.60 to $3.90 per diluted share with an effective tax rate of approximately 27%. We continue to expect free cash flow generation for the year to be at least 90% of net income."
The following are results for the three months ended June 30, 2017 compared to the three months ended June 30, 2016:

Net sales were $1.91 billion for the second quarter of 2017 and 2016. Organic sales for the second quarter of 2017 grew by 1.0% as foreign exchange rates negatively impacted net sales by 1.1%. Sequentially, net sales increased 7.7% and organic sales increased 8.0%. 
Cost of goods sold for the second quarter of 2017 was $1.54 billion and gross profit was $366.1 million, compared to cost of goods sold and gross profit of $1.53 billion and $379.5 million for the second quarter of 2016, respectively. As a percentage of net sales, gross profit was 19.2% and 19.9% for the second quarter of 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses were $267.3 million, or 14.0% of net sales, for the second quarter of 2017, compared to $274.5 million, or 14.4% of net sales, for the second quarter of 2016. 
Operating profit was $83.1 million for the current quarter, compared to $88.0 million for the second quarter of 2016. Operating profit as a percentage of net sales was 4.4% for the second quarter of 2017, compared to 4.6% for the second quarter of 2016. 
Interest expense for the second quarter of 2017 was $16.8 million, compared to $19.5 million for the second quarter of 2016. Non-cash interest expense for the second quarter of 2017 and 2016, which includes amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing fees, and interest related to uncertain tax positions, was $1.1 million and $2.2 million, respectively. 
The effective tax rate for the current quarter was 25.3%, compared to 27.3% for the prior year second quarter. The lower effective tax rate in the current quarter as compared to the prior year's comparable quarter is primarily the result of favorable discrete items and the mix of income earned in jurisdictions with lower tax rates. 
Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. was $49.5 million and $49.8 million for the second quarter of 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
Earnings per diluted share was $1.02 for the second quarter of 2017 and 2016, based on 48.8 million and 48.6 million diluted shares, respectively. 
Operating cash flow for the second quarter of 2017 was $19.1 million, compared to $60.0 million for the second quarter of 2016. Free cash flow for the second quarter of 2017 was $13.8 million, or 28% of net income, compared to $56.5 million, or 113% of net income, for the second quarter of 2016. Additionally, the Company completed $50 million of share repurchases in the second quarter.

The following are results for the six months ended June 30, 2017 compared to the six months ended June 30, 2016:

Net sales were $3.68 billion for the first six months of 2017, compared to $3.69 billion for the first six months of 2016, a decrease of 0.1%. Acquisitions had a positive impact on net sales of 0.4% and were partially offset by a 0.2% negative impact from foreign exchange rates, resulting in a 0.3% decrease in organic sales for the first six months of 2017. 
Cost of goods sold for the first six months of 2017 was $2.97 billion and gross profit was $716.1 million, compared to cost of goods sold and gross profit of $2.95 billion and $734.6 million for the first six months of 2016, respectively. As a percentage of net sales, gross profit was 19.4% and 19.9% for the first six months of 2017 and 2016, respectively. 
Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses were $534.3 million, or 14.5% of net sales, for the first six months of 2017, compared to $543.8 million, or 14.7% of net sales, for the first six months of 2016. 
Operating profit was $150.2 million for the first six months of 2017, compared to $157.5 million for the first six months of 2016. Operating profit as a percentage of net sales was 4.1% for the first six months of 2017, compared to 4.3% for the first six months of 2016. 
Interest expense for the first six months of 2017 was $33.5 million, compared to $38.3 million for the first six months of 2016. Non-cash interest expense for the first six months of 2017 and 2016, which includes amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing fees, and interest related to uncertain tax positions, was $2.2 million and $4.2 million, respectively. 
The effective tax rate for the first six months of 2017 was 25.1%, compared to 29.2% for the first six months of 2016. The current year's effective tax rate is lower than the prior year primarily due to favorable discrete items, including a benefit from the exercise and vesting of stock-based awards, as well as the mix of income earned in jurisdictions with lower tax rates. 
Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. was $87.3 million for the first six months of 2017, compared to $85.9 million for the first six months of 2016. 
Earnings per diluted share for the first six months of 2017 was $1.78, based on 49.1 million diluted shares, compared to $1.79 for the first six months of 2016, based on 47.8 million diluted shares. 
Operating cash flow for the first six months of 2017 was $66.8 million, compared to $138.6 million for the first six months of 2016. Free cash flow for the first six months of 2017 was $57.0 million, or 65% of net income, compared to $131.5 million, or 156% of net income, for the first six months of 2016.

Mr. Engel continued, "We remain focused on executing our strategies to deliver above-market sales growth, improve profitability, generate strong cash flow, and increase shareholder value. The free cash flow generation capability of our business supports continued investment in our differentiated, services-oriented business model and One WESCO growth initiatives, including acquisitions, while providing us with the ability to return capital to our shareholders. Our efforts remain centered on providing excellent customer service and delivering value to our customers' operations and supply chains by providing comprehensive product and service solutions that meet their capital project, MRO, and OEM needs."
Webcast and Teleconference Access
WESCO will conduct a webcast and teleconference to discuss the second quarter earnings as described in this News Release on Thursday, July 27, 2017, at 10:00 a.m. E.T. The call will be broadcast live over the internet and can be accessed from the Company's website at http://www.wesco.com. The call will be archived on this internet site for seven days.
WESCO International, Inc. (NYSE:   WCC), a publicly traded Fortune 500 holding company headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, is a leading provider of electrical, industrial, and communications maintenance, repair and operating (MRO) and original equipment manufacturers (OEM) products, construction materials, and advanced supply chain management and logistic services. 2016 annual sales were approximately $7.3 billion. The company employs approximately 9,000 people, maintains relationships with over 25,000 suppliers, and serves approximately 75,000 active customers worldwide. Customers include commercial and industrial businesses, contractors, government agencies, institutions, telecommunications providers, and utilities. WESCO operates nine fully automated distribution centers and approximately 500 full-service branches in North America and international markets, providing a local presence for customers and a global network to serve multi-location businesses and multi-national corporations.
The matters discussed herein may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. Certain of these risks are set forth in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as well as the Company's other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.




 WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) 






 Three Months Ended 




 June 30, 2017 


 June 30, 2016 



 Net sales 
 $ 
 1,909.6 



 $ 
 1,911.6 




 Cost of goods sold (excluding 
 1,543.5 

 80.8 
 % 

 1,532.1 

 80.1 
 % 


     depreciation and amortization) 







 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 267.3 

 14.0 
 % 

 274.5 

 14.4 
 % 


 Depreciation and amortization 
 15.7 



 17.0 




     Income from operations 
 83.1 

 4.4 
 % 

 88.0 

 4.6 
 % 


 Interest expense, net 
 16.8 



 19.5 




     Income before income taxes 
 66.3 

 3.5 
 % 

 68.5 

 3.6 
 % 


 Provision for income taxes 
 16.8 



 18.6 




     Net income 
 49.5 

 2.6 
 % 

 49.9 

 2.6 
 % 


 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 — 



 0.1 




     Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. 
 $ 
 49.5 

 2.6 
 % 

 $ 
 49.8 

 2.6 
 % 










 Earnings per diluted common share 
 $ 
 1.02 



 $ 
 1.02 




 Weighted-average common shares outstanding and common 







 share equivalents used in computing earnings per diluted 







 share (in millions) 
 48.8 



 48.6 










 WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) 






 Six Months Ended 




 June 30, 2017 


 June 30, 2016 



 Net sales 
 $ 
 3,682.2 



 $ 
 3,687.5 




 Cost of goods sold (excluding 
 2,966.1 

 80.6 
 % 

 2,952.9 

 80.1 
 % 


     depreciation and amortization) 







 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 534.3 

 14.5 
 % 

 543.8 

 14.7 
 % 


 Depreciation and amortization 
 31.6 



 33.3 




     Income from operations 
 150.2 

 4.1 
 % 

 157.5 

 4.3 
 % 


 Interest expense, net 
 33.5 



 38.3 




     Income before income taxes 
 116.7 

 3.2 
 % 

 119.2 

 3.2 
 % 


 Provision for income taxes 
 29.3 



 34.8 




     Net income 
 87.4 

 2.4 
 % 

 84.4 

 2.3 
 % 


 Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 0.1 



 (1.5) 




     Net income attributable to WESCO International, Inc. 
 $ 
 87.3 

 2.4 
 % 

 $ 
 85.9 

 2.3 
 % 










 Earnings per diluted common share 
 $ 
 1.78 



 $ 
 1.79 




 Weighted-average common shares outstanding and common 







 share equivalents used in computing earnings per diluted 







 share (in millions) 
 49.1 



 47.8 










 WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (dollar amounts in millions) (Unaudited) 






 June 30, 2017 

 December 31, 2016 


 Assets 





 Current Assets 





 Cash and cash equivalents 
 $ 
 87.8 


 $ 
 110.1 



 Trade accounts receivable, net 
 1,145.0 


 1,034.4 



 Inventories 
 866.3 


 821.4 



 Other current assets 
 206.5 


 206.5 



     Total current assets 
 2,305.6 


 2,172.4 









 Other assets 
 2,318.1 


 2,318.5 



     Total assets 
 $ 
 4,623.7 


 $ 
 4,490.9 















 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 





 Current Liabilities 





 Accounts payable 
 $ 
 769.0 


 $ 
 684.7 



 Current debt and short-term borrowings 
 25.2 


 22.1 



 Other current liabilities 
 170.2 


 190.0 



     Total current liabilities 
 964.4 


 896.8 









 Long-term debt 
 1,334.5 


 1,363.1 



 Other noncurrent liabilities 
 229.7 


 221.0 



     Total liabilities 
 2,528.6 


 2,480.9 









 Stockholders' Equity 





     Total stockholders' equity 
 2,095.1 


 2,010.0 



     Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 $ 
 4,623.7 


 $ 
 4,490.9 









 WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (dollar amounts in millions) (Unaudited) 






 Six Months Ended 



 June 30, 2017 

 June 30, 2016 


 Operating Activities: 





 Net income 
 $ 
 87.4 


 $ 
 84.4 



 Add back (deduct): 





 Depreciation and amortization 
 31.6 


 33.3 



 Deferred income taxes 
 6.4 


 13.4 



 Change in trade receivables, net 
 (96.0) 


 (17.3) 



 Change in inventories 
 (36.9) 


 (4.4) 



 Change in accounts payable 
 76.8 


 (18.8) 



 Other 
 (2.5) 


 48.0 



 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 66.8 


 138.6 









 Investing Activities: 





 Capital expenditures 
 (9.8) 


 (7.1) 



 Acquisition payments 
 — 


 (50.9) 



     Other 
 3.5 


 (8.2) 



 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (6.3) 


 (66.2) 









 Financing Activities: 





 Debt repayments, net 
 (30.0) 


 (76.3) 



 Equity activity, net 
 (56.7) 


 (0.4) 



 Other 
 0.2 


 0.6 



 Net cash used in financing activities 
 (86.5) 


 (76.1) 









 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 3.7 


 3.7 









 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 (22.3) 


 — 



 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 
 110.1 


 160.3 



 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period 
 $ 
 87.8 


 $ 
 160.3 





 
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
This earnings release includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. These financial measures include organic sales growth, gross profit, financial leverage and free cash flow. The Company believes that these non-GAAP measures are useful to investors as these provide a better understanding of sales performance, the use of debt and liquidity on a comparable basis. Management does not use these non-GAAP financial measures for any purpose other than the reasons stated above.




 WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (dollar amounts in millions, except organic sales data) (Unaudited) 






 Three MonthsEnded 

 Six MonthsEnded 


 Organic Sales Growth: 
 June 30, 2017 

 June 30, 2017 








     Change in net sales 
 (0.1) 
 % 

 (0.1) 
 % 


     Impact from acquisitions 
 — 
 % 

 0.4 
 % 


     Impact from foreign exchange rates 
 (1.1) 
 % 

 (0.2) 
 % 


     Impact from number of workdays 
 — 
 % 

 — 
 % 


         Organic sales growth 
 1.0 
 % 

 (0.3) 
 % 









 Three Months Ended 


 Organic Sales Growth - Sequential: 
 June 30, 2017 






     Change in net sales 
 7.7 
 % 


     Impact from acquisitions 
 — 
 % 


     Impact from foreign exchange rates 
 (0.3) 
 % 


     Impact from number of workdays 
 — 
 % 


         Organic sales growth 
 8.0 
 % 





 Note: Organic sales growth is a measure of sales performance. Organic sales growth is calculated by deducting the percentage impact from acquisitions in the first year of ownership, foreign exchange rates and number of workdays from the overall percentage change in consolidated net sales. 









 Three Months Ended 

 Six Months Ended 


 Gross Profit: 
 June 30, 2017 

 June 30, 2016 

 June 30, 2017 

 June 30, 2016 












 Net sales 
 $ 
 1,909.6 


 $ 
 1,911.6 


 $ 
 3,682.2 


 $ 
 3,687.5 



 Cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation 









 and amortization) 
 1,543.5 


 1,532.1 


 2,966.1 


 2,952.9 



 Gross profit 
 $ 
 366.1 


 $ 
 379.5 


 $ 
 716.1 


 $ 
 734.6 



 Gross margin 
 19.2 
 % 

 19.9 
 % 

 19.4 
 % 

 19.9 
 % 





 Note: Gross profit is a financial measure commonly used within the distribution industry. Gross profit is calculated by deducting cost of goods sold, excluding depreciation and amortization, from net sales. Gross margin is calculated by dividing gross profit by net sales. 








 WESCO INTERNATIONAL, INC. RECONCILIATION OF NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES (dollar amounts in millions) (Unaudited) 






 Twelve Months Ended 


 Financial Leverage: 
 June 30, 2017 

 December 31, 2016 








 Income from operations 
 $ 
 324.8 


 $ 
 332.0 



 Depreciation and amortization 
 65.2 


 66.9 



 EBITDA 
 $ 
 390.0 


 $ 
 398.9 










 June 30, 2017 

 December 31, 2016 


 Current debt and short-term borrowings 
 $ 
 25.2 


 $ 
 22.1 



 Long-term debt 
 1,334.5 


 1,363.1 



 Debt discount and deferred financing fees(1) 
 15.3 


 17.3 



 Total debt 
 $ 
 1,375.0 


 $ 
 1,402.5 









 Financial leverage ratio 
 3.5 


 3.5 






 (1)    Long-term debt is presented in the condensed consolidated balance sheets net of deferred financing fees and debt discount. 


 Note: Financial leverage measures the use of debt. Financial leverage ratio is calculated by dividing total debt, including debt discount and deferred financing fees, by EBITDA. EBITDA is defined as the trailing twelve months earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. 









 Three Months Ended 

 Six Months Ended 


 Free Cash Flow: 
 June 30, 2017 

 June 30, 2016 

 June 30, 2017 

 June 30, 2016 












 Cash flow provided by operations 
 $ 
 19.1 


 $ 
 60.0 


 $ 
 66.8 


 $ 
 138.6 



 Less: Capital expenditures 
 (5.3) 


 (3.5) 


 (9.8) 


 (7.1) 



 Free cash flow 
 $ 
 13.8 


 $ 
 56.5 


 $ 
 57.0 


 $ 
 131.5 



 Percentage of net income 
 28 
 % 

 113 
 % 

 65 
 % 

 156 
 % 





 Note: Free cash flow is a measure of liquidity. Capital expenditures are deducted from operating cash flow to determine free cash flow. Free cash flow is available to fund other investing and financing activities. 




 
View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wesco-international-inc-reports-second-quarter-2017-results-300495004.html
SOURCE WESCO International, Inc.
 Related Links

http://www.wesco.com



 


















Jun 19, 2017, 10:34 ET
Preview: WESCO International, Inc. Announces Its Second Quarter Earnings Call and Upcoming Conference








My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 











Jun 19, 2017, 10:34 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              WESCO International, Inc. Announces Its Second Quarter Earnings...








 

Apr 27, 2017, 06:05 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              WESCO International, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Construction & Building
  Machinery
  Mining & Metals
Earnings








 You just read:
WESCO International, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results


 News provided by
WESCO International, Inc.  
Jul 27, 2017, 06:00 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 
























































































WESCO INTERNATIONAL PRODUCTS | ANIXTER





































 Europe, Middle East & Africa / English 


Change Country




United States (English)
Canada (English)  (Français)


Latin America (English) (Español)


Europe (English)
Middle East & Africa (English)


Asia & Pacific (English)






























Home ›
Products ›
Manufacturers ›
WESCO INTERNATIONAL Products



/content/anixter/en_uk/supplier-products/jcr:content.partSearch.json
















Narrow Results
















WESCO INTERNATIONAL Products













0




Showing 1 - 0 of 0

View:

20
40
60
100







Sort By:

Featured
Vendor Part #
Anixter Part #












We were unable to find results for:  ""

 
Tips:

Add an asterisk (*) to the beginning, middle and/or end of your search term
Use Quick Quote and let us find the product for you (not all products are displayed online)
Contact your nearest Anixter Representative (we're located all over the world), or ask us to contact you.

 
 
 



We were unable to find results


Sorry, but we are experiencing problems with search right now.



             		This message only appears when in edit mode. 
                	Please define the message for when services down in the Homepage Site Config property.
            	
We are currently experiencing technical difficulties. We apologize for the inconvenience, and are working to quickly resolve it. Please contact your local Anixter representative for immediate assistance.








Contact Us













Can't find something?
Try a Quick Quote
















Contacts





 
Description
 
Qty: 








Product Label/Description



Manufacturer #
Anixter #



 








 


Request Quote
View Cart
Continue Shopping








Invalid Quantity



Qty. 


Submit




Cannot add any more items














WESCO INTERNATIONAL INC. quote - Product overview - NYSE Stocks 















 










 
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.














     















Deutsch





español





suomi





français





italiano





Nederlands





português





русский





svenska





中文









Member's area



Login
Sign up
FAQ



















 Stock exchange


All Stocks


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US Tech 150


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


All indices


Europe Indices


NASDAQ COMPOSITE


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL


S&P500


FTSE 100


NIKKEI 225


EURO STOXX 50


CAC40


DAX30


IBEX 35


FTSE MIB 40


 Forex


All currency pairs


Forex (47 main pairs)


Forex (128 currency pairs)


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


 Commodities


All commodities


Gold (XAUUSD)


Silver (XAGUSD)


BRENT & WTI CRUDE OIL


Ranking


Products ranking


Traders ranking


Need technical analysis?


Technical analysis request


All technical analysis







 Stock exchange


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US NYSE Market 50


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


Major stock indices


Europe Indices


Indices Futures


Sector indices


United States


France


Germany


Spain


Italy


Netherlands


 Forex


128 currency pairs


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


 Commodities


All commodities







 Stock exchange


All Stocks


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US Tech 150


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


All indices


Europe Indices


NASDAQ COMPOSITE


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL


S&P500


FTSE 100


NIKKEI 225


EURO STOXX 50


CAC40


DAX30


IBEX 35


FTSE MIB 40


 Forex


All currency pairs


Forex (47 main pairs)


Forex (128 currency pairs)


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


EUR/USD


USD/JPY


 Commodities


All commodities


Other categories


Economic news


Political news


Financial markets


Global news







 Groups


Active Groups


Popular groups


New Groups


Groups Forum


 Forum


Main Forum


Stocks Forum


Indices Forum


Forex Forum


Commodities Forum


 Social Networks


CentralCharts Twitter


 Widgets & Services


Centralcharts' widget






 
 





Number of analysis



Number of traders



Since last analysis


 
Find a Product / Trader / Group :


Narrow your search...

Stocks
Forex
Indices
Commodities

Warrants
Bonds
ETF
Futures


Traders
Groups














 


















 



WESCO INTERNATIONAL INC. 





OverviewQuotesChartNewsAnalysisWarrantsProfileWallForum 


 




-
 USD				
(-)

  15 min delay - NYSE Stocks 










Open:
-


Change:
-


Volume:
-










Low:
-


High:
-


High / Low range:
-








Type:
Stocks


Ticker:
WCC


ISIN:

 
















Overview


Quotes


Chart


News


Analysis


Warrants


Profile


Wall


Forum














 






WESCO INTERNATIONAL INC. overview



5 days quotes  15 min delay - NYSE Stocks



07/28/201707/31/201708/01/201708/02/201708/03/2017
 


Last51.5051.2550.5550.4051.00


Change (%)-0.68%-0.49%-1.37%-0.30%+1.19%


Volume704,329465,120400,251255,311125,743







5 days change : -1.64%






						WESCO INTERNATIONAL INC. - More quotes...
Lastest analysis



No technical analysis



Lastest news



WESCO International, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results 



WESCO International, Inc. Announces Its Second Quarter Earnings Call and Upcoming Conference 



WESCO International, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results 



WESCO International, Inc. Announces Its Investor Day, First Quarter Earnings Call and Upcoming Conferences 



WESCO International, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter 2016 Results 










			Wesco Aircraft        



 
22

0








			WESCO        



 
21

0



								WESCO INTERNATIONAL INC. - More news...

Lastest discussions



No discussion












Follow this product



Post an Analysis




Request an analysis





							Add to a list						


Technical analysis requests

No technical analysis requests
See all analysis requests 



Statistics


Analysis							:0 
Follower(s) :0 




Currently on this Wall



Join these members now



				Activity on				WESCO INTERNATIONAL INC.			





 





 










 







Computer Hardware & Networking Market Research Reports & Computer Hardware & Networking Industry Analysis | MarketResearch.com



















About Us
Solutions 

Resources

eBooks/White Papers
Slideshares
Videos
Blog


Contact Us
Register
Log in
My Account
Logout














Browse Research










My Cart
















Menu  
                                    





 Close   X














Browse








About Us
Solutions
Resources
Contact Us

Log Out
Register
Log in














Market Research
»

Technology & Media

Computer Hardware & Networking Market Research Reports & Industry Analysis





Filter your search

Filter your search




Computer Equipment (6467)
Electronics (10586)
Networks (6145)




Global  (9123)
Asia  (3091)
Europe  (2665)
North America  (2169)
Oceania  (802)
Africa  (729)
South America  (560)
Middle East  (452)
Central America  (79)
Caribbean  (74)




Research Assistance
US: 800.298.5699 
Int'l: +1.240.747.3093






Join Alert Me Now!
Receive bi-weekly email alerts on new research
Sign Up

Find out more on our blog



Computer Hardware & Networking Industry Research & Market Reports

Sort by:

Title A-Z
Title Z-A
Price Low-to-High
Price High-to-Low
Date
Date (Older First)

Refine your search




Close Window
Refine your search








Title:







Publisher:







Keyword:







Price(USD):





 To 







Date:



Any Date
Last Month
Last 3 Months
Last 6 Months
Last Year
Last 2 Years





Region:



All Regions

                                                            Africa
                                                        

                                                               Algeria
                                                        

                                                               Angola
                                                        

                                                               Benin
                                                        

                                                               Botswana
                                                        

                                                               Burkina Faso
                                                        

                                                               Burundi
                                                        

                                                               Cameroon
                                                        

                                                               Cape Verde
                                                        

                                                               Central African Republic
                                                        

                                                               Chad
                                                        

                                                               Comoros
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               The Congo
                                                        

                                                               Cote d'Ivoire
                                                        

                                                               Djibouti
                                                        

                                                               Egypt
                                                        

                                                               Equatorial Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Eritrea
                                                        

                                                               Ethiopia
                                                        

                                                               Gabon
                                                        

                                                               The Gambia
                                                        

                                                               Ghana
                                                        

                                                               Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Guinea-Bissau
                                                        

                                                               Kenya
                                                        

                                                               Lesotho
                                                        

                                                               Liberia
                                                        

                                                               Libya
                                                        

                                                               Madagascar
                                                        

                                                               Malawi
                                                        

                                                               Mali
                                                        

                                                               Mauritania
                                                        

                                                               Mauritius
                                                        

                                                               Mayotte
                                                        

                                                               Morocco
                                                        

                                                               Mozambique
                                                        

                                                               Namibia
                                                        

                                                               Niger
                                                        

                                                               Nigeria
                                                        

                                                               Reunion
                                                        

                                                               Rwanda
                                                        

                                                               Sao Tome and Principe
                                                        

                                                               Senegal
                                                        

                                                               Seychelles
                                                        

                                                               Sierra Leone
                                                        

                                                               Somalia
                                                        

                                                               South Africa
                                                        

                                                               South Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Sudan
                                                        

                                                               Swaziland
                                                        

                                                               Tanzania
                                                        

                                                               Togo
                                                        

                                                               Tunisia
                                                        

                                                               Uganda
                                                        

                                                               Western Sahara
                                                        

                                                               Zambia
                                                        

                                                               Zimbabwe
                                                        

                                                            Asia
                                                        

                                                               Afghanistan
                                                        

                                                               Armenia
                                                        

                                                               Azerbaijan
                                                        

                                                               Bangladesh
                                                        

                                                               Bhutan
                                                        

                                                               Brunei
                                                        

                                                               Cambodia
                                                        

                                                               China
                                                        

                                                               Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                                        

                                                               East Timor
                                                        

                                                               Georgia
                                                        

                                                               Hong Kong
                                                        

                                                               India
                                                        

                                                               Indonesia
                                                        

                                                               Japan
                                                        

                                                               Kazakhstan
                                                        

                                                               Kyrgyzstan
                                                        

                                                               Laos
                                                        

                                                               Macau
                                                        

                                                               Malaysia
                                                        

                                                               Maldives
                                                        

                                                               Mongolia
                                                        

                                                               Myanmar
                                                        

                                                               Nepal
                                                        

                                                               North Korea
                                                        

                                                               Pakistan
                                                        

                                                               Papua New Guinea
                                                        

                                                               Philippines
                                                        

                                                               Russia
                                                        

                                                               Singapore
                                                        

                                                               South Korea
                                                        

                                                               Sri Lanka
                                                        

                                                               Taiwan
                                                        

                                                               Tajikistan
                                                        

                                                               Thailand
                                                        

                                                               Turkey
                                                        

                                                               Turkmenistan
                                                        

                                                               Uzbekistan
                                                        

                                                               Vietnam
                                                        

                                                            Caribbean
                                                        

                                                               Anguilla
                                                        

                                                               Antigua and Barbuda
                                                        

                                                               Aruba
                                                        

                                                               The Bahamas
                                                        

                                                               Barbados
                                                        

                                                               British Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cayman Islands
                                                        

                                                               Cuba
                                                        

                                                               Curacao
                                                        

                                                               Dominica
                                                        

                                                               Dominican Republic
                                                        

                                                               Grenada
                                                        

                                                               Guadeloupe
                                                        

                                                               Haiti
                                                        

                                                               Jamaica
                                                        

                                                               Martinique
                                                        

                                                               Montserrat
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands Antilles
                                                        

                                                               Puerto Rico
                                                        

                                                               Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                                        

                                                               Saint Lucia
                                                        

                                                               Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                                        

                                                               Sint Maarten/ Saint Maarten
                                                        

                                                               Trinidad and Tobago
                                                        

                                                               Turks and Caicos Islands
                                                        

                                                               Virgin Islands
                                                        

                                                            Central America
                                                        

                                                               Belize
                                                        

                                                               Costa Rica
                                                        

                                                               El Salvador
                                                        

                                                               Guatemala
                                                        

                                                               Honduras
                                                        

                                                               Nicaragua
                                                        

                                                               Panama
                                                        

                                                            Europe
                                                        

                                                               Albania
                                                        

                                                               Andorra
                                                        

                                                               Austria
                                                        

                                                               Belarus
                                                        

                                                               Belgium
                                                        

                                                               Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                        

                                                               Bulgaria
                                                        

                                                               Croatia
                                                        

                                                               Czech Republic
                                                        

                                                               Denmark
                                                        

                                                               Estonia
                                                        

                                                               Faroe Islands
                                                        

                                                               Finland
                                                        

                                                               France
                                                        

                                                               Germany
                                                        

                                                               Gibraltar
                                                        

                                                               Greece
                                                        

                                                               Guernsey
                                                        

                                                               Hungary
                                                        

                                                               Iceland
                                                        

                                                               Ireland
                                                        

                                                               Isle of Man
                                                        

                                                               Italy
                                                        

                                                               Jersey
                                                        

                                                               Kosovo
                                                        

                                                               Latvia
                                                        

                                                               Liechtenstein
                                                        

                                                               Lithuania
                                                        

                                                               Luxembourg
                                                        

                                                               Macedonia
                                                        

                                                               Malta
                                                        

                                                               Moldova
                                                        

                                                               Monaco
                                                        

                                                               Netherlands
                                                        

                                                               Norway
                                                        

                                                               Poland
                                                        

                                                               Portugal
                                                        

                                                               Romania
                                                        

                                                               San Marino
                                                        

                                                               Scotland
                                                        

                                                               Serbia and Montenegro
                                                        

                                                               Slovakia
                                                        

                                                               Slovenia
                                                        

                                                               Spain
                                                        

                                                               Sweden
                                                        

                                                               Switzerland
                                                        

                                                               Ukraine
                                                        

                                                               United Kingdom
                                                        

                                                            Global
                                                        

                                                            Middle East
                                                        

                                                               Bahrain
                                                        

                                                               Cyprus
                                                        

                                                               Gaza Strip
                                                        

                                                               Iran
                                                        

                                                               Iraq
                                                        

                                                               Israel
                                                        

                                                               Jordan
                                                        

                                                               Kuwait
                                                        

                                                               Lebanon
                                                        

                                                               Oman
                                                        

                                                               Palestinian Territories
                                                        

                                                               Qatar
                                                        

                                                               Saudi Arabia
                                                        

                                                               Syria
                                                        

                                                               United Arab Emirates
                                                        

                                                               Yemen
                                                        

                                                            North America
                                                        

                                                               Bermuda
                                                        

                                                               Canada
                                                        

                                                               Greenland
                                                        

                                                               Mexico
                                                        

                                                               United States
                                                        

                                                            Oceania
                                                        

                                                               American Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Australia
                                                        

                                                               Cook Islands
                                                        

                                                               Fiji
                                                        

                                                               French Polynesia
                                                        

                                                               Guam
                                                        

                                                               Kiribati
                                                        

                                                               Marshall Islands
                                                        

                                                               Micronesia, Federated States of
                                                        

                                                               Nauru
                                                        

                                                               New Caledonia
                                                        

                                                               New Zealand
                                                        

                                                               Niue
                                                        

                                                               Norfolk Island
                                                        

                                                               Northern Mariana Islands
                                                        

                                                               Palau
                                                        

                                                               Samoa
                                                        

                                                               Solomon Islands
                                                        

                                                               Tonga
                                                        

                                                               Tuvalu
                                                        

                                                               Vanuatu
                                                        

                                                            South America
                                                        

                                                               Argentina
                                                        

                                                               Bolivia
                                                        

                                                               Brazil
                                                        

                                                               Chile
                                                        

                                                               Colombia
                                                        

                                                               Ecuador
                                                        

                                                               Falkland Islands
                                                        

                                                               French Guiana
                                                        

                                                               Guyana
                                                        

                                                               Paraguay
                                                        

                                                               Peru
                                                        

                                                               Suriname
                                                        

                                                               Uruguay
                                                        

                                                               Venezuela
                                                        





 Search 











India POS Terminals Market By Type, By End User, Competition Forecast & Opportunities, 2012 – 2022
Aug 01, 2017  | USD 2,700
...2017-2022, primarily owing to increasing government focus and initiatives aimed at digitizing the country’s economy. In 2016, retail sector accounted for the largest market share in India POS terminals market, on the back of increasing ... Read More


Japan Virtual Client Computing Market Forecast, 2017-2021
Jul 27, 2017  | USD 4,500
...its future. Hiroshi Shibutani, senior market analyst of PC, Mobile and Client Solutions, IDC Japan, points out that "The demand for virtual clients in work style innovation, work-source innovation, and workspaces is rising. Innovation using ... Read More


Threat Intelligence Market by Solution (SIEM, Log Management, IAM, SVM, Risk Management, Incident Forensics), Service (Managed, Professional), Deployment Mode, Organization Size, Vertical, and Region - Global Forecast to 2022 
Jul 27, 2017  | USD 7,150
...due to insider attacks and increasing adoption of crowdsourced threat intelligence platforms trend is expected to drive the threat intelligence market” The threat intelligence market size is estimated to grow from USD 3.83 billion in ... Read More


Global Telecoms Trends in 2018 - Broadband Infrastructure, IoT, Video-Streaming and Smart Cities
Jul 26, 2017  | USD 1,590
...capital expenditure (CAPEX) and telecoms revenue. Statistics and information on the overall number of fixed lines; Internet users; mobile subscribers (worldwide and by region); text messages; top carriers'; outsourcing; MVNO and telecoms M&amp;A market statistics ... Read More


Critical Infrastructure Protection Market by Security Technology (Network Security, Physical Security, Radars, CBRNE, Vehicle Identification, Secure Communication, SCADA, Building Management), Service, Vertical, and Region - Global forecast to 2022
Jul 26, 2017  | USD 7,150
...cyber-attacks targeting enterprises across various industry verticals is expected to drive the Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP) market” The CIP market size is estimated to grow from USD 110.41 billion in 2017 to USD 153.16 billion ... Read More


Digital Signage Market by Product (Kiosks, Menu Boards, Billboards, Sign Boards), Offering (Hardware (Displays, Media Players, Projectors, Mounts & Other Accessories), Software, and Services), Application and Geography - Global Forecast to 2023
Jul 26, 2017  | USD 5,650
...for customized solutions and software as well as improved technological innovations in the display technologies are fostering the growth of the digital signage market” The digital signage market is expected to be worth USD 32.84 ... Read More


Slovenia - Fixed Broadband, Digital Economy and Digital Media - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 26, 2017  | USD 390
...though its market share is being eroded by the steady development of fibre-based networks, as well as by upgraded cable networks which offer data rates of up to 220Mb/s. The deployment of DOCSIS3.1 technology expected ... Read More


Slovenia - Mobile Infrastructure, Broadband, Operators - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 26, 2017  | USD 390
...telcos have branched into offering both mobile and fixed-line services so as to offer bundled products. This strategy saw the cableco Telemach acquire Tumobil and Si.mobil merge with Amis Telekom, with both of the latter ... Read More


Worldwide SD-WAN Forecast, 2017–2021
Jul 26, 2017  | USD 4,500
...offerings. "As devices and public cloud applications continue to proliferate in the branch, a new branch network paradigm is needed," said Nolan Greene, senior research analyst, Network Infrastructure. "SD-WAN has emerged to address these needs ... Read More


Analysis of Competition between TSMC and Samsung Using the Case of Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Processor
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 600
...28nm process to Snapdragon 808 and 810 on TSMC's 20nm process. This relationship took a hit, however, when Qualcomm turned to Samsung's 14nm process for its Snapdragon 820 in 2015 and 10nm technology for Snapdragon ... Read More


Zebra Technologies: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Diversified Industrials Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented diversified industrials market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions ... Read More


Avnet: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Electronics Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented electronics market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions and marketing strategies is ... Read More


Rockwell Automation: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Diversified Industrials Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented diversified industrials market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions ... Read More


Emerson Electric: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Diversified Industrials Market
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,450
...the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented diversified industrials market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions ... Read More


Kazakhstan - Telecoms, Mobile, Broadband and Digital Media - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 750
...sector. Growth over the past few years has been relatively flat. Moderate growth is predicted over the next five years to 2022 as mobile broadband will continue to dominate the broadband segment. The number of ... Read More


Eye Tracking Market by Offering, Tracking Type, Application (Assistive Communication, Human Behavior & Market Research, AR/VR, Vehicles), Vertical (Retail, Healthcare, Government, Automotive, Consumer Electronics), and Geography - Global Forecast to 2023 
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 5,650
...market is expected to be worth USD 1,376.5 million by 2023, growing at a CAGR of 27.4% between 2017 and 2023. The number of eye trackers is expected to reach 756 thousand units by 2023. ... Read More


Nigeria - Mobile Infrastructure, Operators and Broadband - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 550
...service, prompting the telecom regulator to impose fines and sanctions on the network operators. These have responded by investing billions of dollars in base stations and fibre optic transmission infrastructure to support the ever increasing ... Read More


Japan Enterprise Mobility Market Forecast, 2017–2021: Hardware
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 4,500
...mobility market. The forecasts are presented according to product, screen size, and OS. The market in this study refers to the corporate market used in applications other than household applications, such as in businesses, government ... Read More


Development of PC Application IC Market in 2017 and Beyond
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 1,800
...leading to declines in the consumer PC market since 2013. In the meantime, chip performance has become increasingly important for computer systems as shipment share of high-performance PCs such as gaming PCs and notebook PCs ... Read More


Sierra Leone - Telecoms, Mobile and Broadband - Statistics and Analyses
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 750
...2012 and 2013 has slowed but remains strong, and this has encouraged international companies to invest in the country. Nevertheless, the telecommunications infrastructure is only gradually recovering from the destruction caused during the war years, ... Read More


Japan Traditional IT Infrastructure Market Shares, 2016: The 2nd Platform Experienced Reactionary Fall
Jul 25, 2017  | USD 4,500
...the Japan enterprise IT infrastructure market.In the user survey Japan Enterprise IT Infrastructure Survey, 2017 (IDC #JPJ41773917, April 2017) conducted by IDC in March, users cited the following as issues faced in mission-critical business systems: ... Read More


Stratasys: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Computer Systems Market
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 1,450
...and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented computer systems market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions and marketing ... Read More


Ciena Corp.: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Communication Equipment Industry
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 1,450
...the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented communication equipment Industry, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions ... Read More


3D Systems: Performance, Capabilities, Goals and Strategies in the Global Computer Systems Market
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 1,450
...the development and implementation of effective marketing and R&D programs. In the dynamic and fragmented computer systems market, besieged by intense competition and rapid change of technological innovations, the ability to anticipate new product introductions ... Read More


Augmented Reality Market by Offering (Hardware (Sensor, Displays & Projectors, Cameras), and Software), Device Type (Head-Mounted, Head-Up, Handheld), Application (Enterprise, Consumer, Commercial, Automotive) and Geography - Global forecast to 2023 
Jul 24, 2017  | USD 5,650
...in retail and e-commerce is the major driver for the augmented reality market” The augmented reality market was valued at USD 2.39 billion in 2016 and is expected to reach USD 61.39 billion by 2023, ... Read More



< prev 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
  next > 




Start New Browse


Consumer Goods
Food & Beverage
Heavy Industry
Life Sciences
Marketing & Market Research
Public Sector
Service Industries
Technology & Media
 Company Reports
Reports by Country
View all Market Areas
View all Publishers




































