





Taroko invests in theme park 




































Home





語言／Language

繁體中文
簡體中文





































Directory
We Blog




Show Calendar
Shows List
Video Hightlights




Taiwan Slot Magazine
Game Time Encyclopedia
China Game Magazine




Product List
Buy & Sell
















Click to open





  Seconds To Enter GTI Global Network.




























GTI Asia Taipei Expo Website
GTI Asia China Expo Website
China Game Website







 



Sign up




Log in



 





























 

 










 










 










 










 










 













 

 










 










 










 










 










 































Subscribe to E-Paper










GO

































Find Us On



























GTI Global Network > Current Issue > News























































































News
























Taroko invests in theme park 



















Taiwan-based Taroko Textile Corporation has aggressively transformed itself over recent years.  The firm’s subsidiary Taroko Development is in cooperation with Suzuka International Racing Course of Japan to build Taiwan’s first leisure and sports-themed large-scale business complex in Kaohsiung – Taroko Mall Caoyadao.  Chairman Ming-chang Tsai of Taroko Development announced on August 6 that the amusement park will be open to visitors in the four quarter of 2015 to seize domestic and overseas opportunities in the tourism and leisure industry.  According to Director and General Manager Ta-rui Kuo of Taroko Development, the company’s collaboration with Suzuka International Racing Course of Japan to introduce Honda-operated Suzuka Circuit not only marked Taroko’s expansion in both property development and tourism industry, but also represented the first cooperative project between the tourism industries of Taiwan and Japan.  Besides an automobile theme park, Taroko Mall Caoyadao will also house other facilities.  The mall has signed agreements with Ambassador Theatres, France-based Decathlon clothing, and local gym brand “Fitness Factory”, and the baseball and softball batting field operated by Taroko will also enter the mall, which is expected to become a joyful paradise for children and adults.  Ming-chang Tsai pointed out that the phase-one project involves an investment of about NT$4 billion and has entered the phase of environmental impact comparative analysis, and that the building permit will be acquired and construction will start at the end of the year; Taroko will raise NT$800 million at the end of the year through the capital increase by cash approach and the complex can officially go into operation in October 2015 at the earliest.  After the phase-one project starts operation, Taroko will kick off the phase-two project in 2014 and invest NT$1.5 billion to build a hotel and hot spring business hotel.  The company hopes to have a large-scale theme park in north, central and south Taiwan respectively in the future.  Taroko currently operates 16 small and medium themed amusement parks including Karting Land, Taroko Batting Field and Yu Kids Island and intends to increase 16 to 20 outlets in one to two years. (2013/09/15, No. 120GTI)


























































































 


About Us | Advertising

Specs
Steps
Payments
Contracts
Publication Schedule


 | Services

Status
Subscribe
Inquire


 | Site Map













Tel
+886-2-2760-7407 ~ 10






Fax
+886-2-2742-0522






E-mail
Send






Address
2F-1, No. 17, PaoChing St., SongShan Dist., Taipei City 10585, Taiwan








 




















Copyright © 2009~2011 GTI Global Network. All right reserved. Power by rIDEA Reproduction of any part of the website should get prior consent in case of legal consequences.

















大魯閣纖維_紡織產品

























大魯閣纖維

關於大魯閣纖維

公司簡介
公司組織
大事記


最新消息
產品服務

紡織產品
企業殊榮
全球製造與銷售據點


集團公司

大魯閣開發
山東大魯閣織染工業
大魯閣棒壘球/卡丁車/保齡球
遊戲愛樂園


投資人關係

公司治理
財務資訊
股務訊息


人力資源



















紡織產品
企業殊榮
全球製造與銷售據點









．首頁

產品服務

紡織產品







紡織產品介紹
產品用途與應用






輕柔舒適，防風、防水、透氣、防絨。
像蠶絲般的質輕及柔軟的觸感，具有透氣防絨的效果，且色彩鮮豔靚麗，光澤柔和，水洗不褪色。





採用多種纖維根據面料紋路排列，用多噴織機織造而成。
格型豐富多彩，富於變化。輕柔舒適，動感時尚，防風，防水，防絨。
                依據設計的訴求，來表達多種色彩的格型。多彩閃爍效果，色彩鮮豔，對比強烈。搭配印花及後整理工藝，賦予更多時尚元素。





採用特殊設備與工藝，雕刻出三維立體花紋，其花紋紋路清晰逼真，動感時尚，持久耐洗，此工藝可生產出各類立體花紋如：
1. 花草類，完全可以體現出像大提花織紋的效果，而又不會有布表面因摩擦的鈎紗現象，適合做各類女裝；
2. 皮草類，模仿各類動物皮革，效果逼真，適合做各類男女裝；
3.動感折光類，細膩刻畫圖案，通過光的折射原理來表達動感時尚的元素，適合用於休閒戶外服裝。





高纖高密織物是採用最新款織機及新技術織造的超高支高密織物，其密度可以超出普通織物的一倍以上，成品手感豐厚有骨感，布面細膩。高密度織物輕薄耐用，手感柔軟、懸垂性佳，防水、防風、透氣，適用於各類氣候。





N/T開纖布種織造運用海島絲超細纖維（Islanoy micro fiber）及開纖型超細纖維（micro fiber），手感豐厚柔軟，棉質感極強。





符合現代環保理念，運用麂皮絨化纖起毛植絨，植毛技術與仿皮PU複合，賦予產品外觀及手感達到仿皮毛效果，更具有皮毛無法達到的量產與功能強度的優點。尤其色彩變化及印花燙金的變化上，更具有時尚、高尚、貴族化的特性。





仿天然纖維，具有更優越的色牢度及耐磨性，並可抗紫外線。





包括十字斷面、中空斷面、Y型斷面等織法。





卓越的製造技術，可滿足各種特殊機能：
1. 防水功能
2. 防風功能
3. 潑水功能
4. 防水透濕功能
5. 吸濕排汗功能
6. 抗菌防臭功能
7. 抗紫外線功能
8. 防靜電
9. 透濕透氣膜複合
用途： 登山服、滑雪服、賽車服、運動服、救生衣、口袋衣、速乾衣等。









採用超細紗織及特殊後整理工藝，使面料具有絲綢般的柔軟質感，輕盈飄逸。
                鏡面壓光後整理，賦予面料金屬質地的光澤，光彩奪目。這些也正是目前的流行趨勢，廣泛的採用到各個領域，動感時尚，讓穿著的人更年輕，富有活力。





【吸濕排汗】
經過特殊後整理工藝加工，賦予織物纖維吸濕快乾性能，穿著舒適自如。
【抗紫外線】
經特殊抗紫外線材料織造或後處理後，紫外線透過率小於3%，UPE值達40+以上，具有耐光穩定性和陽光遮罩性能，有效防止紫外線傷害。





柔和的手感，多樣的色調，各種花型圖案配以各種流行色調，使面料表現出時尚流行的色彩，深受年輕人喜愛。適合不同風格的時尚品牌，詮釋生活，引領時尚。





【防水功能】
防水織物是利用樹脂直接塗層，或貼合於布上使樹脂均勻附著於布上，達到防水功能。
【防風功能】
利用特殊紗種或細丹尼的織造及染整技術，生產防風夾克面料。
【潑水功能】
將構成織物的纖維予以疏水化，使纖維具有潑水性，且依然保有織物空隙和能通汗之功能。
【彈性功能】
在面料上賦予彈性，使衣服在穿著時更具有優良的伸展性與舒適性，已在各類服飾中成為一項不可或缺的功能。





卓越的製造技術，可滿足各種特殊機能用途，如登山服、滑雪服、賽車服、運動服、救生衣、口袋衣、速乾衣等。             






TOP







關於大魯閣纖維    |    新聞專區    |    產品服務    |   集團公司   |    利害人關係   |    人力資源   |    聯絡我們   |    網站導覽


地址：114台北市內湖區民善街89號3樓    Tel: 02-87918000    Fax: 02-87911115    Email: taroko@taroko.com.tw
© Copyright 2008-2013 Taroko textile Corporation. All rights Reserved.


designed by Goons







