
AJ Rent A Car Co Ltd (068400.KS)  Key Developments | Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















AJ Rent A Car Co Ltd (068400.KS)











Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataIndustrialsPassenger Transportation, Ground & Sea













                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				068400.KS on Korea Stock Exchange


				10,850.00KRW
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ₩100.00


					            (+0.93%)
					        






Prev Close

₩10,750.00


Open

₩10,800.00




Day's High

₩10,950.00


Day's Low

₩10,450.00




Volume

158,729


Avg. Vol

300,965




52-wk High

₩14,050.00


52-wk Low

₩7,940.00











					Latest Key Developments (Source: Significant Developments)




AJ Rent A Car announces change in shareholding structure
Thursday, 28 Apr 2016 01:48am EDT 
AJ Rent A Car Co Ltd:JF Asset Management Limited's stake in the company was increased to 5.05 pct (1,118,594 shares) up from 0 pct. 
			
Full Article





Previous
Next














					AJ Rent A Car Co Ltd News




» More 068400.KS News






 Earnings vs.  Estimates





» More Financials















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataIndustrialsPassenger Transportation, Ground & Sea






















Aju Auto Rental Co., Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 11:40 AM ET
Road and Rail

Company Overview of Aju Auto Rental Co., Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Aju Auto Rental Co., Ltd. provides car rental services in South Korea and internationally. The company also offers safety, maintenance, and convenience services; sells and finances new and used cars; engages in the rental and sale of yachts; and involves in travel and parking business. The company was formerly known as Avis Korea Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Aju Auto Rental Co., Ltd. in December 2004. Aju Auto Rental Co., Ltd. was founded in 1988 and is based in Seoul, South Korea. Aju Auto Rental Co., Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd.


#831-44Daese B/DYeoksam- DongGangnam- GuSeoul,  13508South KoreaFounded in 1988



Phone: 82 1 544 1600

www.avis.co.kr







Key Executives for Aju Auto Rental Co., Ltd.




Mr. Chae-Un Ban


      	Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 56
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 09 Clean Inc. Asia A-Jin Traffic Co., Ltd. Asia Airport Limousine Co. Ltd. Asia Airport Railroad Co., Ltd. Asia Ajin Express Co., Ltd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Aju Auto Rental Co., Ltd., please visit www.avis.co.kr.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































NEW COLT PLUS 超能生活小轎旅 超值首選


























































 NEW COLT PLUS超值好時光露營節免備車、免裝備，兩手空空露營去！













                    						三菱100週年 五星5重送
                    					












                    						試乘激賞抽好禮最高<10萬元>購車基金
                    					











                    					三低輕鬆購
                    				












                    						NEW COLT PLUS 日付30元專案
                    					












































DYNAMIC SHIELD









全新LED造型尾燈













                                        具動力感的護盾造型源自 Mitsubishi 當代設計的家族血統，
                                        展現出可靠、堅固、充分守護安全形象。
                                    





                                        使用 LED 燈泡形成口字型光帶行車燈
                                        同時具備節能效果與高辨識度
                                    

















車頂行李飾架









遙控電動摺疊後視鏡/鑽帶方向燈











                                        曜黑行李飾架設計，
                                        勾勒出車頂動感層次。
                                    





                                        車側後視鏡可透過遙控收摺或開啟
                                        且附有 LED 鑽帶方向燈，外型更顯高雅時尚
                                    

















光感應自動啟閉頭燈/LED定位燈









15吋躍野雙肋式鋁圈











                                        車輛行駛經過隧道、地下道等光源較弱的環境時，
                                        眼睛常常會因為忽然變暗而看不清楚，此時將自動開啟頭尾燈，
                                        提供照明光源，也警示後方來車，保障行駛安全。
                                    





                                        寬爪輻射式鋁圈強化動感氣勢
                                        無論漫遊城市或馳騁郊野都勁酷破表
                                    



































多功能方向盤/定速巡航









PUSH START 智慧觸控啟動系統









恆溫空調












                                        透過整合式方向盤可切換檢視行車資訊及設定定速功能，
                                        避免視線離開前方道路，讓車主更能專心於開車道路上，
                                        而當車速大於 40 km/h 以上時，即可以透過方向盤上的定速按鈕設定行駛速度，
                                        讓車輛自動依固定速度前進，減低駕駛長途開車的疲勞。
                                    





                                        配合高IQ感應鑰匙，上車後不必再拿出鑰匙，
                                        只需踩住煞車並按壓按鈕就可以發動車輛，
                                        便利性十足，科技感大加分。






                                        不論是豔陽高照還是午後陣雨
                                        恆溫空調都能主動調整風量
                                        維持舒適車室溫度，開起車來更舒適
                                    














競技版



海洋版



星空版















高IQ感應鑰匙









倒車顯影(售服式樣)顯示於數位儀錶板上



NVH卓越隔音減震工程











                                        在前車門把手和尾門把手 70cm 半徑範圍內可自動偵測，
                                        即可以按壓控制鈕方式進行車門開鎖或解鎖，
                                        聰明又方便。當您一手拿著東西、一手牽著小孩時，
                                        不用大費周章尋找鑰匙，輕鬆開啟車門。
                                    





                                        於全車 15 處增加吸音、隔音、減震材料
                                        靜肅性大幅提升，更享舒適寧靜的乘駕時光
                                    









































BSW車側盲點警示









RCTA後方橫向跨越警示









LCA車道變換輔助












                                        車輛行駛速度達 10 km/h 以上，主動監控車輛後方視線盲區，
                                        當左右側後方 7m 內出現來車警告燈號亮起，若切換方向指示燈，

                                        增加嗶聲警示音提醒駕駛，以減少因視線死角造成行車意外。
                                    





                                    	駕駛倒車時，自動偵測車輛左、右側後方狀況，
										若有碰撞疑慮，主動提醒駕駛，
										降低左右來車碰撞機會。
                                    





                                        車輛行駛速度達 30 km/h 以上，主動監控車輛後方視線盲區
                                        當左右側後方 25m 內車輛靠近並有碰撞疑慮警告燈號亮起
                                        若切換方向指示燈，增加嗶聲警示音提醒駕駛
                                        以減少因視線死角造成行車意外
                                    
















MIVEC引擎











進化版變速系統7速Sports-Mode手自排











                                        具備 Mitsubishi 獨家可變氣門系統技術 (MIVEC)，
                                        使用鋁合金材質打造，減輕重量之餘更能提升燃燒效率，
                                        達到省油之目的；並同時採耐用壽命長之正時鏈條，
                                        以節省保養費用，進一步為您的荷包把關。
                                    





                                        使用動力耗損小且換檔無頓挫的 CVT 無段變速系統
                                        還附上模擬 7 個前進檔位之手排模式
                                        讓您超車、爬坡時動力隨心所欲，提供充沛與順暢之動力
                                    



























































  遙控電動啟閉尾門開關超簡單









  One-Touch快倒後座椅載物最輕鬆









  高低可調彈性行李廂隔板運用更靈活












                                        為百萬等級車輛才有的配備，
                                        可利用遙控器自動開關尾門，每當購物後手上大包小包，
                                        此時只須一指，就能輕鬆開啟尾門，
                                        體貼女性車主，省時又省力。
                                    




                                        與火雞一樣！
                                        COLT PLUS的尾門，也能遙控開啟或關閉。
                                    





                                        利用行李廂內省力拉把快速收摺二排座椅，
                                        載運大型物品時不用再跑前跑後，快速又簡單。
                                    





                                        簡單推、拉、放三個步驟
                                        即可將隔板降低 14cm 來增加行李箱高度
                                        高度較高的物品都能輕鬆載回家
                                    














正常模式5名乘客+一般行李



行李廂隔板下移模式4名乘客+大型物品



後座椅前倒模式前座2名乘客+腳踏車等大型物品



長物裝載模式2名乘客+長型物品














前乘客座椅前翻置物



後座中扶手附雙置杯座



行李廂兩側掛勾














整合式中央置物盒(零錢盒/置杯架/置物盒)



中控台上方置物空間



前乘客座椅椅背掛勾























































晶曜藍(JL)




霓光紅(UA)




晶玉白(WG)




星空灰(EU)




冰鑽銀(KS)




尊爵黑(DA)



























































Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.















 



















South Korea Car Rental: Cheap deals with Sixt rent a car





























Car RentalBusiness RentalCar ServiceSports & Luxury Cars




Sixt GroupCareer with Sixt











Sixt rent a car - Rental Car Company





Language



 English  Spanish 





Log in




Menu



Car RentalTruck RentalBest DealsVehiclesLocationsMy reservationbackChange reservationReservation cancellationMySixtRental ServicesbackService OverviewSixt CardsRental InformationCheck InMobile ReservationMoving ServicesTravel Agencies and Corporate CustomersbackAgency LoginCorporate CustomerOther Business UnitsbackAirport TransportationRegine Sixt Children's Aid FoundationSixt LeasingSixt Limousine ServiceSports & Luxury CarsCareer with Sixt



















rent a carSouth Korea





























Country

South Korea



City

Please select



Branch


                                                                                    Please select city first
                                                                            




Return at another station



Country

South Korea



City

Please select city first



Branch


                                                                                    Please select city first
                                                                            






Pickup


12:00 Midnight
12:30 am
01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 Noon
12:30 pm
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm



Return


12:00 Midnight
12:30 am
01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 Noon
12:30 pm
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm






                            Collapse
                        







South Korea

Change personal details



 






Sixt

//

Worldwide

//


                                        South Korea
                                    







USA
United Kingdom
Germany
France
Spain
Italy
Greece
United Arab Emirates
Austria
Switzerland
Netherlands

View all countries





Car Rental in South Korea






Sixt offers high quality car rental in South Korea with an extensive fleet of premium vehicles. The branch menu below shows our many locations across the country, putting our services within easy reach for your visit. We also offer a simple and quick online booking, allowing you to rent a car in South Korea with the minimum of fuss. Read on for lots of useful tips on getting the most out of your visit to this fascinating country of modern cities, ancient sites and beautiful landscapes.











Seoul
7 Locations




Busan
2 Locations




Incheon
2 Locations




Jeju-si
2 Locations




Seongnam
2 Locations





                                
                                    Ansan
                
                





                                
                                    Suwon
                
                












Rent a car in South Korea with Sixt


Our Service  |  FAQs  |  Driving Tips  |  Places of Interest  | Crossing Borders

 We've made it easy get around South Korea with strategically placed pick up locations. We offer airport car rentals and have branches in major cities and at popular tourist destinations. Your Sixt rental car is maintained to internationally agreed standards, offering a better and safer ride, while the variety in our fleet offers plenty of choice. To enjoy your rental experience to the full, we have compiled helpful tips on landing better car rental deals in South Korea, driving in the country and suggestions for your itinerary with insights on places of interest to visit.
Our Service

With such an extensive fleet, we strive to make sure that we have the right rental vehicle for your requirements. Our list of add-ons is another way to shape your ideal rental. We have child seats, additional driver coverage and insurance protections for peace of mind. Our navigation systems will guide you to all those places of interest listed below, and if planning a ski trip, snow chains will help get you safely to the slopes. Booking in advance of your visit is the best way to get the most affordable car rental deals in South Korea and to ensure availability of your chosen class of vehicle and options.
What vehicle class is right for me?
 An economical compact car is great for city trips, with easy maneuvering and parking. 
SUVs are great for exploring the beautiful landscape of South Korea.
If traveling with a larger party consider a minivan or passenger van to accommodate your group in a single vehicle.
 A sports car or convertible is a great way to add excitement and glamour to your trip, while a luxury sedan provides space, comfort and a top amenities.
Driver's license
 To rent a car in South Korea with Sixt, you must be in possession of a valid driving license and also an International Driving Permit (IDP). An IDP can only be obtained before you leave the United States from either the American Automobile Association (AAA) or the American Automobile Touring Alliance(AATA).
Age restrictions
To access car rental in South Korea with Sixt you need to be at least 21 years old. You also need to have held your license for a minimum of one year. Further age restrictions apply to certain classes of vehicle and these will be pointed out in the booking engine when you reserve your rental vehicle.
Payment Methods
 We accept leading international credit cards such as Visa, American Express, Diners Club and Eurocard/MasterCard. Prepaid and debit cards are not accepted and we do not allow cash payments.
Accidents
In the unfortunate event of an accident, you must inform Sixt staff immediately of any damage to your rental vehicle. You must also complete the Accident Report Form included with your rental documentation. All accidents must also be reported to the police, even those where no other vehicle was involved. The police can be contacted by calling 112.


FAQs



What is included in the price?

Unless otherwise stated the rental quote/price displayed on the final page when booking includes the daily rate, statutory taxes, additional extras (if selected) and all applicable surcharges and fees. Check our Rental Information page for country specific information.



Can I rent a specific car model?

No. Reservations are only guaranteed for the selected car category.



What documents do I need to rent a car?

You will need to show a valid driver's license and an IDP depending on your destination country.



What kind of insurance is necessary to rent a car?

In most cases your personal car insurance policy will not protect you when driving abroad. Make a thorough check before you go to see for what and where your auto insurance policy or credit card coverage applies. It is also important to ensure the coverage you choose meets the minimum coverage requirements of the country where you will rent a car. You can only refuse the purchase of mandatory rental coverage if you can provide proof of other coverage. 



Can I pick up a car and return it somewhere else?

Yes, although this may incur a one-way rental fee that will be shown during the booking process. Please note: one-way rentals may be restricted if you plan on crossing borders so it is best to check our Rental Information page for country specific information.



Do I have to pay a deposit?

Generally, an advance charge approval is obtained for the chosen means of payment as a security. Often a deposit of up to three times the rental price is charged to the chosen means of payment as a security. The exact deposit is determined on collection since the amount is dependent on the vehicle. For example, the deposit for high-value vehicles may differ.





TIP: It is generally cheaper to rent a car at least three months before any high season. Free cancellation up to 24 hours before collection is almost always possible, but is dependent on the chosen tariff.

Driving Tips

South Korea has an excellent modern road network, maintained to a high standard. Main cities are connected by an extensive network of tolled roads which have few exits so plan in advance.  For those planning a road trip getting a Hi-pass is recommended so you do not have to stop at tollbooths. Driving in big cities like Seoul and Busan can be more stressful than the rest of the country. However, road signs are posted in both Korean and English, so it's rather easy to navigate your way around. On duty police often use their flashing lights while driving in their cars.
Tips for driving in South Korea:
Speed limits are generally 60 km/h on regular roads and between 80-100 km/h on expressways.
Be aware speed limits on expressways are controlled by speed cameras.
Seatbelts are mandatory and mobile phone use is only allowed with a hand-free kit.
Painted blue lines, often on the left side of the road, are bus lanes and buses are given priority in these lanes daily from 9 am-11 pm on expressways and during rush hours on other roads.
Children under six need to use a child seat.


Places of Interest
Top 4 Architectural Sights
Beomeosa Temple, Busan
Seokguram Grotto and Bulguska Temple, Gyengjou
Changdeokgung Palace, Seoul
Korean Folk Village, Bora-dong
The Beomeosa Temple at Busan dates from 678 AD and is one of the most important temples in South Korea. Its name means the 'Fish Temple' and it is built on the site where a golden fish is said to have descended from heaven. Seokguram Grotto and Bulguska Temple at Gyengjou dates from the 8th century. Sited on the slopes of Mount Toham, it is renowned as one of the finest examples of Buddhist art in the Far East and the temple complex is a UNESCO listed World Heritage Site. Changdeokgung Palace in Seoul is one of the five grand palaces built by the Joseon Dynasty kings. It was completed in 1412 and has been recognized by UNESCO because of its architecture and gardens and due to its success in harmonizing with its natural setting. The Korean Folk Village at Bora-dong offers visitors the chance to go back in time and learn about the history and culture of the country. The tranquil setting provides a welcome contrast to modern Seoul and frequent events focus on traditional dance and costumes.
Top 4 Natural Sights
Seoraksan National Park, Seo-myeon
Nami Island, Chuncheon
Gwangalli Beach, Busan
Cheonjiyeon Waterfalls, Jeju Island

Seoraksan National Park at Seo-myeon is famous for its tranquil valleys and towering granite peaks. It is also known for the healing properties of its mineral streams and its jade-colored lakes as well as being home to some of the world's oldest Zen temples. Nami Island is just 30 minutes from Chuncheon and is a haven of forests and hiking trails. It is reached by ferry and hosts many cultural events. Gwangalli Beach in Busan is a mile long urban beach known for its fine sand. It is popular with tourists and locals alike and is backed by streets where you will find many shops, bars and restaurants. The yCheonjiyeon Waterfalls on Jeju Island reach heights of 72 feet. The falls are illuminated at night and are a popular romantic spot for couples. The area around the falls is a subtropical garden, home to a huge variety of flora and fauna.
Top Filming Locations
South Korea, and particularly the capital, Seoul, has emerged as a popular location for films. "Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015)" was filmed at various locations across the city, while the famous Gangnam district was used in the 2012 "The Bourne Legacy".


Crossing Borders
Sixt does not permit any cross border rentals from South Korea. More information can be found here: Rental Information.



 








 

Sixt Airport Locations Nearby



Busan Gimhae Int. Airport



Gimpo International Airport



Incheon Int. Airport



Jeju International Airport





Your benefits with Sixt

Sixt Best Price Guarantee
New cars - on average 3 months old
Free cancellation and reservation changes when you pay on arrival


Miles & More - Earn miles
No hidden costs
Germany's largest and best car rental company


No credit card fees
Excellent 24/7 customer service



























ContactsSixt GroupCareer with SixtSixt NewsSixt PartnersImprint & PrivacyTerms & Conditions







        sixt.de sixt.at sixt.ch sixt.co.uk sixt.fr sixt.es sixt.nl sixt.com.br 













Official Site of Korea Tourism Org.: VisitKorea - Transportation - Useful Tips - Rental Cars
































Contents














 




















LOGIN
SIGNUP
Travel Planner
Interactive Map
SITEMAP


Language
日本語
中文(简体）
中文(繁體)
Français
Español
Deutsch
Pусский
ภาษาไทย
Bahasa Indonesia
Tiếng Việt
عربي

한국어

GO





GNB menu Open
Search box Show


Serach Box Hide





Search








Visit KOREA Twitter 
Visit KOREA Facebook
Visit KOREA Youtube












Findus on
TravelPlanning

InteractiveMap




GNB menu Open
Search box Show


Aside area Closed


						Weather 08-04-2017

Seoul/Gyeonggi-do/Incheon





29.2°C
85F



Temperatures

high34°C
low27°C




LOGIN
SIGNUP


ExchangeRates
TravelPlanning
InteractiveMap
TravelCalendar








Travel Planning Closed


Travel Planner
This service is offered to members of the VisitKorea website and Facebook through account log-in.

VisitKorea Login
Facebook Login





Please select your gender, age and nationality.






Select Nationality

OK


Log-in with other account
My Planner





Search for travel information by destination, travel period, and keyword of your interests.


Area


Period
1Day
2Day
3Day
4Day
5Day or More


Search
Popular search


Go back
My Planner





Choose the travel itinerary of your choice


Area


Period
1Day
2Day
3Day
4Day
5Day or More




Prev
Next








Go back
My Planner





My Planner



Prev
Next







Create an itinerary
Go back




My Planner

Day 1 : 2015-10-16

ADD
Delete



Prev
Next






Go back




My Planner

Jejudo island 1-day course






Area


Category
Attraction
Hotels
Dining
Shopping
Festival

Search











Go back





Choose Planner

Jejudo island 1-day course







Prev
Next






Go back






Create an itinerary

Title



Period


 ~
							




Save
Cancel








Create an itinerary

Title



Period


 ~
							




Save
Cancel
















Rental Cars

Home Transportation Useful TipsRental Cars

Print



Car Rentals
Renting a car is relatively easy, as there are numerous car rental companies in Korea. The largest car rental services are Lotte Rent-a-Car and AJ Rent-a-Car. Both companies have branches throughout Korea and the services are clustered around the major traffic points such as Incheon International Airport, Gimpo International Airport, Jeju International Airport, provincial airports, KTX (high-speed train) stations, major railway stations and express bus terminals. Branch information can be found on each car rental company's website. 

Requirements for Renting a Car

1. Driver's license, passport and credit card
In order to rent a car in Korea, you must have a valid International Driving Permit (IDP) or a valid driver's license issued in Korea. An International Driving Permit (IDP) allows citizens of a foreign country with a valid driver's license to drive while in Korea. You must obtain your IDP in the same country that issued your driver's license. Some car rental companies require both the IDP and the local driver's license (i.e., driver's license issued by the country of residence), so it is advised to check the rental requirements of the relevant companies in advance. Those with a Type 2 (2종) driver's license issued in Korea can drive a car carrying up to up to nine passengers, while those with a Type 1 (1종) driver's license issued in Korea can drive larger vehicles accommodating ten or more passengers. For IDP holders, the type of vehicle you are permitted to drive will depend on the classification stamped on your IDP. 
* An International Driving License will NOT be accepted. Driver must either have a valid International Driving Permit or a license issued in Korea.
* Major categories of driver's license: Type A allows you to drive two-wheeled vehicles / Type B allows you to drive vehicles with 9 seats or less, that weight 3.5 tons or less / Type C allows you to drive freight trucks that carry more than 3.5 tons / Type D allows you to drive vehicles that can have more than 10 passengers. 
A passport is necessary for identification purposes; a copy of your passport may also be needed to complete your request. Vehicle rental fees must be paid with your own credit card. 
Note

1. The full name listed on your International Driving Permit (IDP) and your passport must be identical. If the names differ, your driving permit will not be accepted. 
2. International Driving Permits (IDP) recognized in Korea are only those issued by a member state of the Geneva Convention or the Vienna Convention. Your IDP can be used for up to one year after entering Korea (the IDP itself is valid for one year from the date of issue). 

China is not a member state of the Geneva Convention and the Vienna Convention, but an IDP issued in Hong Kong or Macau is accepted in Korea. IDPs issued anywhere else in China do not have validity in Korea. 



Click here to check the member states of the Geneva Convention (English)
Click here to check the member states of the Vienna Convention (English)
Don't forget to check in advance if the international driving permit or driver's license issued in your country has validity in Korea.

2. Driver Qualifications
The following are based on AJ Rental Car's rental requirements (most Korean car rental companies have more or less similar requirements).

For small or medium cars: must be 21 years or older with driving experience of at least one year.
For SUV/RV or a 9- to 12-seater mini bus: must be 26 years or older with driving experience of at least three years.
Large and premium car rental availability and requirements vary by company. It is recommended to check in advance if you plan to rent such vehicles.
For those not paying with a credit card, cash or debit card payments must be accompanied by a third-party guarantor in possession of a credit card.


3. Additional Driver
If a renter wishes to add an additional driver to their rental, the additional driver has to register with the rental company as well for insurance purposes. The number of additional drivers is limited to one only, and this person is required to visit any of the service branches available and precede the confirmation process, which will be free of charge. 

4. Insurance 
Baseline rates for car rentals nearly always include the basic general insurance. However, the risk of damage to or theft of the car is not included in the coverage. Instead, renters can arrange for this independently or purchase an optional insurance or protection plan from the rental company. Any damages to the vehicle will be covered by the insurance policy, but the renter will still be contractually liable to compensate the rental company for the loss of use (unavailability of a rental car and consequent loss of revenue by the rental company due to damage or theft). A per-day loss-of-use charge will be 50% of the car's daily rental fee. For instance, if a damaged vehicle with a daily rental rate of 50,000 won took three days to repair (50,000 x 3 = 150,000), the renter has to pay a 75,000 won (50% of 150,000) loss-of-use fee. 
5. Rental Procedure

1) Make an inquiry and consultation at the rental car company 
2) Together with the rental company's staff, inspect the car's condition and the amount of fuel before signing the car rental agreement (please check carefully for any pre-damage to the car before rental) 
3) Use the rental car
4)  Together with the rental company's staff, inspect the car's condition and the amount of fuel at the end of your rental period


Information on Major Car Rental Companies

AJ Rent-a-Car 

Phone inquiries and reservations: +82-2-1544-1600 (Korean, English) / Press 7 for English service 
Online inquiries and reservations: www.ajrentacar.co.kr (Korean, English) 
Locations: Most major cities in Korea 


Lotte Rent-a-Car 

Phone inquiries and reservations: +82-1588-1230 (Korean, English) / Press 8 for English service 
Online inquiries and reservations: www.lotterentacar.net (Korean, English) 
Locations: Most major cities in Korea 


SIXT Rent-a-Car

Phone inquiries and reservations: +82-2-1588-3373 (Korean, English) / Press 5 for English service
Online inquiries and reservations: www.sixt.com (Korean, English) 
Locations: Most major cities in Korea 


Jeju-do Car Rental Business Association

Phone inquiries and reservations: +82-64-746-2294 (Korean only)
Location: Jeju-do 
Phone reservations are available in Korean only. International tourists can rent a car after going through certain rental procedures at the designated desk located at Jeju International Airport.
This page was last updated in June 2017, and therefore information may differ from what is presented here. We advise you check details before visiting.
<Last updated on June 29, 2017> 




Go Top



















AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Company Profile and Financial Analysis



























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance

Retail






Retail


Consumer Goods


Food & Beverage







Industry

Chemicals

IT & Technology

Life Sciences

Services



About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Company Reports





AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Company Profile and Financial Analysis





Date:
August 27, 2015



Pages:
25


Price:




US$ 99.00




License             [?]:


Single User Price - US$ 99.00
Site Price - US$ 198.00
Enterprise Price - US$ 297.00




Publisher:
GlobalData


Report type:
Strategic Report


Delivery:

E-mail Delivery (PDF)


ID:
A0F021E4973EN



        Leaflet:
    

Download PDF Leaflet






















Abstracts
Contents
List of Tables
List of Figures



SUMMARYCanadean's 'AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Company Profile and Financial Analysis' contains in depth information and data about the company and its operations. The profile contains a company overview, key facts, major products and services, financial ratios, key competitors, financial analysis, key employees as well as company locations and subsidiaries.KEY FINDINGSThis report is a crucial resource for industry executives and anyone looking to access key information about 'AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd.'The report utilizes a wide range of primary and secondary sources, which are analyzed and presented in a consistent and easily accessible format. Canadean strictly follows a standardized research methodology to ensure high levels of data quality and these characteristics guarantee a unique report.SYNOPSISAJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. (AJ Rent A Car) is a ground transportation service provider. The company offers services such as passenger transportation, used car purchase and sales, short-term car rental and long-term rental services. It also provides vehicle management, reservation, logistics and distribution, tour maintenance, vehicle maintenance service, automobile movement and parking lot operation, and maintenance lease services, among others. The company operates fleet of 47,000 cars including LPG cars, import cars, jeep and van. It has operations throughout South Korea. AJ Rent A Car is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.This business intelligence report presents the key company information, essential to understanding industry challenges and competitors.The company profile relays all current information about the business operations, including key employees, major products and services, company history, locations and subsidiaries alongside a supporting statement from the Chairman and Managing Director.REASONS TO BUYEnhance your understanding of 'AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd.'Increase business/sales activities by understanding customers' businesses better.Recognize potential partnerships and suppliers.Qualify prospective partners, affiliates or suppliers.Acquire up-to-date company information and an understanding of the company's financial health.KEY HIGHLIGHTSAJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. (AJ Rent A Car) is a ground transportation service provider. The company offers services such as passenger transportation, used car purchase and sales, short-term car rental and long-term rental services. It also provides vehicle management, reservation, logistics and distribution, tour maintenance, vehicle maintenance service, automobile movement and parking lot operation, and maintenance lease services, among others. The company operates fleet of 47,000 cars including LPG cars, import cars, jeep and van. It has operations throughout South Korea. AJ Rent A Car is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.








1 AJ RENT A CAR CO., LTD.2 AJ RENT A CAR CO., LTD. - KEY EMPLOYEES3 AJ RENT A CAR CO., LTD. - MAJOR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES4 AJ RENT A CAR CO., LTD. - KEY EVENTS5 AJ RENT A CAR CO., LTD. - LOCATIONS AND SUBSIDIARIES5.1 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Head Office5.2 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Other Locations and Subsidiaries6 AJ RENT A CAR CO., LTD. - BUSINESS ANALYSIS6.1 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Company Overview7 AJ RENT A CAR CO., LTD. - COMPANY FINANCIAL ANALYSIS7.1 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Five Year Snapshot: Overview of Financial and Operational Performance Indicators8 AJ RENT A CAR CO., LTD. - INTERIM RATIOS  8.1.1 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Financial ratios: Capital Market Ratios8.2 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Financial Performance and Ratio Charts  8.2.1 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Revenue and Operating margin  8.2.2 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Net Debt vs. Gearing Ratio  8.2.3 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Solvency  8.2.4 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Valuation8.3 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Key Competitors9 APPENDIX9.1 Methodology9.2 AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Ratio Definitions9.3 Disclaimer


LIST OF TABLESTable 1: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Key EmployeesTable 2: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Major Products and ServicesTable 3: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Key EventsTable 4: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - SubsidiariesTable 5: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - LocationsTable 6: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Annual ratiosTable 7: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Interim ratiosTable 8: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Capital Market Ratios


LIST OF FIGURESFigure 1: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Revenue and Operating ProfitFigure 2: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Net Debt vs. Gearing RatioFigure 3: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - SolvencyFigure 4: AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - ValuationCOMPANIES MENTIONEDAJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd.
        
        
Skip to top




MORE PUBLICATIONS


Tay Ninh Cable Car Tour Company - Company Profile and Financial Analysis
US$ 99.00
Jun, 2015 · 24 pages


Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company: Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
US$ 125.00
Jun, 2017 · 25 pages


Enterprise Rent-A-Car Company: Travel and Tourism - Company Profile and SWOT Analysis
US$ 125.00
Mar, 2016 · 21 pages


Car Parking Technologies Limited - Company Profile and Financial Analysis
US$ 99.00
Jun, 2015 · 27 pages


AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. (68400) - Company Capsule
US$ 75.00
Nov, 2013 · 21 pages








Ask Your Question
AJ Rent A Car Co., Ltd. - Company Profile and Financial Analysis







Company name*:



Contact person*:



Phone/fax*:



Email*:




 Request invoice


Your enquiry:




				Please click on a Check Box below to confirm you are not a robot:
					


























Market Reports


All Categories  












Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:




















 



















Car Rental Near Me - Sixt rent a car Locations
























Car RentalBusiness RentalCar ServiceSports & Luxury Cars




Sixt GroupCareer with Sixt











Sixt rent a car - Rental Car Company





Language



 English  Spanish 





Log in




Menu



Car RentalTruck RentalBest DealsVehiclesLocationsMy reservationbackChange reservationReservation cancellationMySixtRental ServicesbackService OverviewSixt CardsRental InformationCheck InMobile ReservationMoving ServicesTravel Agencies and Corporate CustomersbackAgency LoginCorporate CustomerOther Business UnitsbackAirport TransportationRegine Sixt Children's Aid FoundationSixt LeasingSixt Limousine ServiceSports & Luxury CarsCareer with Sixt























Car Rental Location Search:




Search criteria:



Cars / Vehicles




Airport location




Sports Cars / Convertibles




Railway location




4x4 / SUV




Vans / trucks




More than 4,000 locations in over 100 countries worldwide.










Sixt rent a car countries

Albania
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahrain
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Chile
Costa Rica
Croatia
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
France
French Guiana
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Hungary
Iceland
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Jordan
Kenya
Kosovo
Kuwait
Laos
La Réunion
Latvia
Lebanon
Libya
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malaysia
Malta
Martinique
Mauritius
Mexico
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Mozambique
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Martin
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Lucia
Sweden
Switzerland
Tanzania
Thailand
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turks and Caicos Islands
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Uruguay
USA


























US States with Sixt Locations




Arizona




California




Connecticut




Florida




Georgia






Indiana




Massachusetts




Minnesota




Nevada




New Jersey






Pennsylvania




Texas




Washington




Other locations worldwide




RENT A CAR NEAR YOU IN THE UNITED STATES
With Sixt rent a car you can move about the US with more flexibility. No matter where you are in the US, there is a convenient Sixt rent a car branch ready to help you continue your journey. We have many popular airport locations as well as branches in top cities across the country. Fly to Los Angeles International Airport and get around in ease with a car rental from Sixt on a trip to California. For a road trip along the West Coast we have branches spread across the state of California including locations in San Francisco and Los Angeles. Alternatively, arrive at Miami International Airport (MIA) or choose among our Tampa Airport, Orlando Airport or Fort Lauderdale Airport car rental locations to explore Florida and its hidden beauties. You can also find us in other top tourist destinations such as Las Vegas, Phoenix and Philadelphia. If planning an extended stay save money with our long term car rental offerings.INTERNATIONAL CAR RENTAL: CHOOSE SIXT ABROAD
Sixt has over 4,000 international car rental locations in over 105 countries and we are continuously expanding our reach around the world. Find us in top vacation destinations like the  Dominican Republic, which is just a two hour flight from Miami. Other sunny holiday locations such as Jamaica, Mexico and Puerto Rico can all be thoroughly explored with a rent a car from Sixt. In case you need a car rental in Europe, we will be happy to get you on the road with our services in just about all major countries and cities including Florence, Barcelona and Munich. Our international car rental branches are conveniently located in European capitals like London, where we have over 30 car rental stations, including two at Heathrow Airport. When traveling further afield you can still take advantage of our premium services in places such as Dubai at the Dubai International Airport and Al Maktoum International Airport, as well as Singapore Changi Airport. With our ever growing international presence Sixt is the clear answer if you ever needed to ask: Is there a car rental near me?
 
OUR PREMIUM CAR RENTAL FLEETWhether planning to travel economy or first class, Sixt has a rental car for you. With Sixt you can choose from a large fleet of leading brands such as Audi, BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Range Rover and Ford. Drive in style by booking a convertible or a luxury car rental, or if traveling with a group or a lot of luggage an SUV, a passenger van or minivan rental can accommodate.  When moving house or transporting goods we have a range of trucks and cargo vans to help get the job done. To give you maximum comfort on the road we also offer affordable rates on useful extras. Find your destination easily with a GPS or share the wheel with an additional driver. Child seats are available as is unlimited mileage for long distance travel. Young drivers are welcome to our services and you can check out our terms for drivers under 25.  When renting a car with Sixt in the US all our vehicles are equipped with air conditioning and automatic transmission. Along with our premium vehicles we also provide excellent customer service that is available to you 24/7. No matter where you are in the world Sixt rent a car can help you continue the journey.  Book online and start exploring the world with a top quality rental car. 
Why rent a car with Sixt


Sixt Best Price guarantee!New cars - on average 3 months old Free cancellation and reservation changes when you pay on arrival!No credit card fees 
 
 


No hidden costsExcellent customer service 24/7Earn miles with our airlines partnersAutomatic and manual transmission available (limitations may apply) 
 











ContactsSixt GroupCareer with SixtSixt NewsSixt PartnersImprint & PrivacyTerms & Conditions







        sixt.de sixt.at sixt.ch sixt.co.uk sixt.fr sixt.es sixt.nl sixt.com.br 














AJ Rent-a-Car

















































































MAIN
Membership




Membership

AJ Rent-a-Car’s standardized contract

Terms and Conditions of Use

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE ("USER AGREEMENT") VERY CAREFULLY.

BY VISITING, BROWSING, SHOPPING, ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING THIS WEB SITE (THE "SITE") OPERATED BY AJ Rentacar. ("www.ajrentacar.co.kr"), YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. 

Important Information About This Legal Contract

You agree to this User Agreement, and all of its terms and conditions, by visiting, browsing, shopping, accessing or otherwise using the Site. These terms and conditions are subject to change without prior notice at any time, in AJ RENTACAR's sole discretion. By visiting, browsing, shopping, accessing or otherwise using the Site after a change has been posted to the Site, the Customer accepts that change. Customers should check this User Agreement and the Privacy Pledge frequently. 

Acceptance of Contract Terms

This User Agreement, and all of its terms and conditions, constitute a legal contract between you and AJRENTACAR. ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr"). (References to "you" or "your" shall relate to a customer of ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") or other party that visits, browses, shops, accesses or otherwise uses the Site (the "Customer"); references to "("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr")" shall relate, AJRENTACAR and its affiliates.) By visiting, browsing, shopping, accessing or otherwise using this site ("Site"), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this User Agreement and comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including Korea(ROK) laws and regulations. If you do not agree to this User Agreement, as it may be changed by ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") from time to time, do not use this Site. The material provided on this Site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, Korea copyright law and international treaties. This Site is controlled and operated by ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") from its offices within the United States. ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") makes no representation that materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is not authorized. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Any claim relating to, and the use of, this Site and the materials contained herein is governed by the laws of Korea without regard to conflict of law rules.

Access, Interference and Linking

("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of the Site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except as provided below under "Use Restrictions," or with express written consent of ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr"). The following activity on the Site is expressly prohibited: Any non-personal or commercial use of any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy portions of the Site or the content contained herein without prior written permission by ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr"); collection or use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices, from the Site for the benefit of another merchant that supplies products competitive with or comparable to those offered on the Site; and, Any use of, visits to, or other action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the Site, or otherwise interferes with its proper and timely functioning. Any unauthorized use terminates the license granted by ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr"). You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of the Site so long as the link does not portray ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr"), its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission. ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") does not review or control third-party sites that link to or from the Site, and is not responsible for the contents of any third-party sites linked to or from the Site. 

Use Restrictions

The copyright in all material provided on this Site is held by ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this Site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed materials. You also may not, without ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr")'s prior written permission, "mirror" any material contained on this Site on any other server. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. All trademarks and registered trademarks are the sole property of their respective owners. Photographs courtesy of respective manufacturers. ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") and all of its logo are registered trademarks of AJ RENTACAR Copyright 2013 AJ RENTACAR, inc.

Limitation of Liability

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE, SHALL ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA OR PROFIT, ARISING OUT OF THE USE, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE, EVEN IF ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOUR USE OF MATERIALS FROM THIS SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION OF EQUIPMENT OR DATA, YOU ASSUME ANY COSTS THEREOF. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

Privacy

Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to this Site. 

Account and Password

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are under 21, you may use the Site only with a parent or guardian. ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion. 

Communications to ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr")

Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to ("www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr") or the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.

Copyright Complaints

If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please contact: 

AJ RENTACAR

689-20 Guro
Guro, Seoul, Korea
Telephone: 1544-1600
E-mail: call@AJ RENTACAR.co.kr

Disagreement with These Terms and Conditions

If you disagree with any of the terms and conditions of this User Agreement, please do not visit, browse, shop, access or otherwise use this Site. 
Copyright 2013 AJ RENTACAR, Inc.

Privacy Policy

For more than 15 years, AJ RENTACAR has developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity. We're aware of the of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit our website and provide us with information. The Privacy Notice below is posted to demonstrate our adherence to the practices you'll find common to the best websites online. We promise that we will treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company's history.

If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Notice, please call us 1544-1600; e-mail us at call@AJRENTACAR.co.kr; or send a letter to: AJ RENTACAR, 689-20 Guro, Guro, Seoul, Korea(ROK). 

AJ RENTACAR Privacy Notice 

By visiting www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice. 

Changes to this Privacy Notice, Conditions of Use and Notices:

This Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use will change over time and the use of information which we gather now is subject to these Notices and Terms as modified. Please check this page periodically as you continue to use our site to see if any changes have been made. This privacy notice was most recently changed on Feb 1, 2013. If you visit our Web site your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use, including the application of the laws of the Commonwealth of Korea(ROK).

Personal Information Collected By AJ RENTACAR

AJ RENTACAR uses information that we collect from our visitors to personalize and improve your visit at www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr. We gather the following types of information: 

Information you give us: AJ RENTACAR collects any information which you enter on our Web site. This information is normally provided when you search, buy, participate in a contest, sweepstakes or on-line survey, or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, sales or technical services through our Web site, telephone, mail or fax. You also provide information when you establish an account with us. Examples of the type of information you may supply us with include your name, address, telephone number, credit card information, e-mail addresses, and financial information such as your credit card number and passport number. 

Automatic Information collected by us: Whenever you visit our Web site we collect and store information such as "cookies" which remember information about a visitor from one page to the next and from one visit to the next. We collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; password; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version; operating system and platform; purchase history; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you; the URLs which lead you to and around our Web site including the date and time; the pages and or products you viewed or searched for and the phone number used to call our voice telephone numbers. Your browser allows you to reject cookies and software is available from third parties which will allow you to visit our Web site without providing this information. You are welcomed at our Web site if you use this software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services. 

Orders and Reservation: If you place an order we use a secure order form which requires you to provide contact, billing, and financial information. This information is transmitted to your credit card company to authorize your purchase. At certain times we may offer financing options with or without third party participation. If you use a financing option information provided by you (such as your address, birth date, Passport Number, and credit card number) may be used to request a credit report from third parties or may be sent to a third party for processing. 

Sharing of Information with third-parties: 

Affiliated Businesses: We may share any information supplied with any affiliated business that is substantially controlled by AJ RENTACAR. Any information that may be shared in this way will be subject to this Privacy Notice. 

Independent Contractors: We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to us such as sending e-mail, analyzing customer lists and data, providing marketing assistance, or consulting services. These third parties will have access to the information needed to perform their functions but cannot use that information for any other purpose. We have no responsibility or liability for these policies and urge you to contact the third party provider if you have any questions. 

Orders: When you buy something from us we may share your name and mailing address with a few carefully selected marketing partners. When you place your order you will be given a clearly labeled opportunity to opt out of sharing this information. We will never share any telephone number(s), or financial information which you have given us with any marketing partner(s). 

Aggregate information: We provide aggregate information to some of our business partners. This information does not allow them to identify you individually. 

Credit card companies and shippers: When you buy something from us we send your credit card information, name, billing address and the amount of your purchase to your credit card company to verify and authorize the purchase. 

Third Party Transaction-Level Data: If you visit our site from a third-party site the third-party site may be able to access your individual transaction information. In order to track and credit your transaction the third-party site may give you a unique code, cookie or graphic which will uniquely identify you. This will only happen if you link directly from a third party site to our Web site. Any transactions made at our Web site while such a code is active will be reported back to the third party site. We will only report non-personal information to these sites such as the date of the transaction, the product(s) purchased and the amount spent. We will not report any information to these third party sites that will allow them to personally identify you. The presence of a 3rd party our site is an indication that the third party site may be able to see your activity on our site.

Third Party Ads, Surveys and Promotions: We may use third parties to display ads, surveys and various promotions on our site. These will always be labeled with the third party name. These third party applications may contain cookies or other code which are outside of our control. Although we will attempt to only work with third parties who respect your privacy we are not responsible or liable for any information collected by these third parties or how it is used. You should contact the third party directly or check the third party's privacy Notice to see how any information that they may gather will be used.

Link to Third Party Site: Our Web site contains links to third party sites, such as our business partners. AJ RENTACAR is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these sites. We suggest that you check the Privacy Notice of each site you visit. 

Law Enforcement and Protection of Users:

We will release personally identifiable information to third parties and organizations when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so to comply with the law. We will also do so to cooperate with law enforcement investigations, comply with court orders or subpoenas, protect the legal rights of us and our users, or when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/ or credit risk reduction. 

Security:

Our Web site protects the security of information you transmit to us by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We do not reveal your credit card number when we confirm your order. In order to protect against unauthorized access to your account you should sign off when you finish visiting our site. 

Typographical Errors 

In the event a product is listed on (“www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr”) at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information, AJ RENTACAR shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. AJ RENTACAR shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, AJ RENTACAR shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.

Choice/Opt-Out:

Our Web site gives you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by calling 1544-1600 or e-mailing call@AJ RENTACAR.co.kr.. 

Children's Online Policy

AJ RENTACAR is committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of its web site visitors, including children. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 21. AJ RENTACAR sells products intended for purchase by adults. If you make a purchase on www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr, you are representing that you are an adult. If you are a child under the age of 21, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using www.AJRENTACAR.co.kr. 

Copyright 2013 AJ RENTACAR, Inc.

 I hereby agree on AJ Rent-a-Car standardized contract.




I agree
I don't agree















DateSelect
Please select total car rental period







prev
next

2012.12





SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT




1
2
3
4
5
6
7


8
9
10
11
12
13
14


15
16
17
18
19
20
21


22
23
24
25
26
27
28


29
30
31
1
2
3
4


29
30
31
1
2
3
4











Notice

Reservation is available for the period not exceeding 90 days and it will  take about 15 min. for drawing up contract and checking the car.





pick-up











return date


























LocationSelect
Please select Location where you rent a car.





Location
Please select Location (pick-up).





대여지점과 반납지점이 다른 경우 




Notice

n case where the customer wants to return car at the place other than the Location(pick-up), additional one-way charge will be imposed and, if you want to know the details, please ask contact center(1544-1600)





pick-up








return























Type of car selection
Please select the type of car

















Notice

Reservation cancellation must be made prior to at least 3 days (72 hours) before pick up date. Otherwise, 
											additional cancel fee may be imposed and your internet reservation may be partially limited.

















Option and discount selection
Please select accessories , CDW and discount items.



Option/ auto discount selection



promotion discount selection






*Promotion discount










CDW






*CDW


None Select











Accessories select






*navigation



*carseat



*stroller




















Please ensure to check these before renting a car!





Qualification for car rental (Inland)

small/mid-sized auto : more than 21 years old, more than 1 year driving experience
Genesis Coupe : more than 26 years old, more than 3 year driving experience
full-sized car, luxery and four-wheel car : more than 26 years old, more than 3 year driving experience
9-passenger and 12-passenger van : more than 26 years old, more than 3 year driving experience
15-passenger van : more than 30 years old, more than 5 year driving experience
more than 11-passenger van : more than first-class license
Driver registration : avaliable up to 2nd driver and the driver(s) to be registered must appear the branch in person and show his or her driver's license to be check out prior to the registration.



Insurance
Car rental price includes comprehensive insurance (PAI and EP)and CDW may be additionally bought at the branch while picking up the rented car.
Please be informed that CDW is operated in daily basis. 
The same insurance coverage is provided for the persons up to the second driver. 
(However, in case of driver unregistered on the car rental contract, he or she shall not be benefited from the comprehensive insurance and CDW)
Compensation for impossibility of car driving : in cases where the rented car cannot be driven due to an accident regardless of buying CDW, 50% of car rental price will be claimed againt the lessee and, in this case, the lessee shall be responsible for such to compensate forimpossibility of car driving for the repair period


Conditions of Payment
In cases where a check card or debit card rather than a credit card is used for payment, consent for financial information inquiry may be requested.
(However, such financial information inquiry  is a simple inquiry and thus cannot  effects on your credit rating but,if it shows a problem in financial status , car rental may  not be allowed )
In case where a customer does not want to pay  with credit card even he or she has it, he or she may pay with the credit card first  and then, while returning the car, he or she may cancel such credit card approval and make payment with check card or debit card.



 I hereby agree to standardized contract of AJ Rent-a-Car










Your reservation has been completed.
Please check the reservation details.





reservation completed


Car





Rental Date





Rental Period








Location



pick-up:






return:











Option










Discount rate








Total Payment Amount


 won
 won
















임시저장내역
예약하실 차량을 선택해 주세요.





임시저장내역




































































Informationon
Conditions of car rental reservation








Type of Car

Pick-up

Return

Location(pick-up)






Location(return)











Options








CDW





Discount








regular price
 won
Total price
 won





























회원으로 예약하기







로그인




ID/비밀번호찾기
ID/비밀번호 찾기
회원가입하러가기
회원가입





비회원으로 예약하기

비회원으로 예약하기




AJ 렌터카 회원으로 가입하시면 
AJ렌터카 회원은 각 등급에 따라 내륙 최대 50% / 제주 최대 75% 까지할인(제주지점 제외)을 받으실 수 있으며, 수시로 각종할인쿠폰, 무료이용 및 업그레이드 등의 혜택과 대한항공 마일리지 적립 등 다양한 혜택을 받으실 수 있습니다.














선택하신 차량은 렌트가 불가능합니다.
차량을 선택하시려면 일정 또는 지점을 변경하시길 바랍니다.


일정 변경하기
지점 변경하기













비회원으로 예약하기


차량 대여를 위한 개인정보 수집, 이용 동의

								● 개인정보를 수집하는 자 : AJ렌터카

● 개인정보 수집항목 : 이름, 주민번호, 휴대폰번호, 주소, 전화번호, 
                                       이메일, 면허종류 및 유효기간

● 개인정보 수집목적 : 예약서비스 제공 및 예약확인, 대여자격의 확인
                                       예약사항에 대한 상담

● 개인정보 보유기간 : 이용자의 동의 하에 수집된 개인정보는 AJ렌터카 서비스를 
                                       이용하는 동안 보유ㆍ이용됩니다.


 동의합니다.



고유식별번호 수집 동의

								● 고유식별번호 수집항목 : 주민등록번호

● 수집목적 : 대여자격의 확인 및 본인 식별 , 예약사항에 대한 상담 

● 개인정보 보유기간 : 이용자의 동의 하에 수집된 개인정보는 AJ렌터카 서비스를 
                                       이용하는 동안 보유ㆍ이용됩니다


 동의합니다.



신청자 정보 입력


신청자 정보입력










성명





휴대폰



-

-





면허종류



선택하세요



면허 유효일자



선택



선택



선택





E-mail




@


직접입력









비회원으로 예약하기
취소











































AJ가족
AJ렌터카 장기렌터카
AJ렌터카 법인멤버십
AJ렌터카 회사소개
빌리카
AJ셀카
AJ셀카옥션

AJ네트웍스

AJ토탈
AJ파크





















AJ Rent-a-Car



















































































실시간예약











DateSelect
Please select total car rental period







prev
next

2012.12





SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT




1
2
3
4
5
6
7


8
9
10
11
12
13
14


15
16
17
18
19
20
21


22
23
24
25
26
27
28


29
30
31
1
2
3
4


29
30
31
1
2
3
4











Notice

Reservation is available for the period not exceeding 90 days and it will  take about 15 min. for drawing up contract and checking the car.





pick-up











return date


























LocationSelect
Please select Location where you rent a car.





Location
Please select Location (pick-up).





대여지점과 반납지점이 다른 경우 




Notice

n case where the customer wants to return car at the place other than the Location(pick-up), additional one-way charge will be imposed and, if you want to know the details, please ask contact center(1544-1600)





pick-up








return























Type of car selection
Please select the type of car

















Notice

Reservation cancellation must be made prior to at least 3 days (72 hours) before pick up date. Otherwise, 
											additional cancel fee may be imposed and your internet reservation may be partially limited.

















Option and discount selection
Please select accessories , CDW and discount items.



Option/ auto discount selection



promotion discount selection






*Promotion discount










CDW






*CDW


None Select











Accessories select






*navigation



*carseat



*stroller




















Please ensure to check these before renting a car!





Qualification for car rental (Inland)

small/mid-sized auto : more than 21 years old, more than 1 year driving experience
Genesis Coupe : more than 26 years old, more than 3 year driving experience
full-sized car, luxery and four-wheel car : more than 26 years old, more than 3 year driving experience
9-passenger and 12-passenger van : more than 26 years old, more than 3 year driving experience
15-passenger van : more than 30 years old, more than 5 year driving experience
more than 11-passenger van : more than first-class license
Driver registration : avaliable up to 2nd driver and the driver(s) to be registered must appear the branch in person and show his or her driver's license to be check out prior to the registration.



Insurance
Car rental price includes comprehensive insurance (PAI and EP)and CDW may be additionally bought at the branch while picking up the rented car.
Please be informed that CDW is operated in daily basis. 
The same insurance coverage is provided for the persons up to the second driver. 
(However, in case of driver unregistered on the car rental contract, he or she shall not be benefited from the comprehensive insurance and CDW)
Compensation for impossibility of car driving : in cases where the rented car cannot be driven due to an accident regardless of buying CDW, 50% of car rental price will be claimed againt the lessee and, in this case, the lessee shall be responsible for such to compensate forimpossibility of car driving for the repair period


Conditions of Payment
In cases where a check card or debit card rather than a credit card is used for payment, consent for financial information inquiry may be requested.
(However, such financial information inquiry  is a simple inquiry and thus cannot  effects on your credit rating but,if it shows a problem in financial status , car rental may  not be allowed )
In case where a customer does not want to pay  with credit card even he or she has it, he or she may pay with the credit card first  and then, while returning the car, he or she may cancel such credit card approval and make payment with check card or debit card.



 I hereby agree to standardized contract of AJ Rent-a-Car










Your reservation has been completed.
Please check the reservation details.





reservation completed


Car





Rental Date





Rental Period








Location



pick-up:






return:











Option










Discount rate








Total Payment Amount


 won
 won
















임시저장내역
예약하실 차량을 선택해 주세요.





임시저장내역




































































Informationon
Conditions of car rental reservation








Type of Car

Pick-up

Return

Location(pick-up)






Location(return)











Options








CDW





Discount








regular price
 won
Total price
 won





























회원으로 예약하기







로그인




ID/비밀번호찾기
ID/비밀번호 찾기
회원가입하러가기
회원가입





비회원으로 예약하기

비회원으로 예약하기




AJ 렌터카 회원으로 가입하시면 
AJ렌터카 회원은 각 등급에 따라 내륙 최대 50% / 제주 최대 75% 까지할인(제주지점 제외)을 받으실 수 있으며, 수시로 각종할인쿠폰, 무료이용 및 업그레이드 등의 혜택과 대한항공 마일리지 적립 등 다양한 혜택을 받으실 수 있습니다.














선택하신 차량은 렌트가 불가능합니다.
차량을 선택하시려면 일정 또는 지점을 변경하시길 바랍니다.


일정 변경하기
지점 변경하기













비회원으로 예약하기


차량 대여를 위한 개인정보 수집, 이용 동의

								● 개인정보를 수집하는 자 : AJ렌터카

● 개인정보 수집항목 : 이름, 주민번호, 휴대폰번호, 주소, 전화번호, 
                                       이메일, 면허종류 및 유효기간

● 개인정보 수집목적 : 예약서비스 제공 및 예약확인, 대여자격의 확인
                                       예약사항에 대한 상담

● 개인정보 보유기간 : 이용자의 동의 하에 수집된 개인정보는 AJ렌터카 서비스를 
                                       이용하는 동안 보유ㆍ이용됩니다.


 동의합니다.



고유식별번호 수집 동의

								● 고유식별번호 수집항목 : 주민등록번호

● 수집목적 : 대여자격의 확인 및 본인 식별 , 예약사항에 대한 상담 

● 개인정보 보유기간 : 이용자의 동의 하에 수집된 개인정보는 AJ렌터카 서비스를 
                                       이용하는 동안 보유ㆍ이용됩니다


 동의합니다.



신청자 정보 입력


신청자 정보입력










성명





휴대폰



-

-





면허종류



선택하세요



면허 유효일자



선택



선택



선택





E-mail




@


직접입력









비회원으로 예약하기
취소











1
2
3
4







 






























































































































































































AJ가족
AJ렌터카 장기렌터카
AJ렌터카 법인멤버십
AJ렌터카 회사소개
빌리카
AJ셀카
AJ셀카옥션

AJ네트웍스

AJ토탈
AJ파크


























 























 SWOT Analysis Reports & Company Profiles


























Sales and support:
        +44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
        +1 732 587 5005 (US)
info@marketpublishers.com





Business & Finance






Finance Services
Banking
Cards
Credit & Loans
Financial Company Reports
Investment
Mortgage
Payment
Other Financial Services


Insurance
General Insurance
Health Insurance
Insurance Company Reports
Life Insurance
Property Insurance
Reinsurance
Auto Insurance


Business Services
Accounting & Tax Services
Advertising
Brokerage
Business Support
Business Services Company Reports
Consulting
Diversified Services Company Reports
Franchise
Wealth Management


Company Reports
Business Survey
Real Estate





Retail






Retail
Cash & Carry
Convenience Stores
Department Stores
Duty Free
Hypermarkets & Supermarkets
Online Retail
Retail Company Reports
Service Station Retail
Specialist Store
Wholesale 

Consumer Goods
Consumer Products Company Reports
Cosmetics & Hygiene Products
Furnishing
Jewelry & Accessories
Household Products
Pet Products
Sporting Goods & Equipment
Stationery
Textile & Leather
Tobacco
Toys & Games 

Food & Beverage
Alcoholic Drinks
Soft Drinks
Food
Food & Beverage Company Reports







Industry






Agriculture
Agribusiness
Agricultural Products
Animal Husbandry
Fisheries
Fertilizers
Gardening & Forestry

Construction
Building Materials
Building Products Company Reports
Commercial Construction
Engineering & Construction Services Company Report
Industrial construction
Infrastructure
Residential Construction


Energy
Alternative Energy
Batteries & Accumulators
Electric Power
Energy Company Reports
Nuclear Power
Smart Grid
Thermal Power

Metallurgy
Alkali Metals
Ferrous Metallurgy
Metal Alloys
Metal products
Metals & Mining Company Reports
Non-Ferrous Metallurgy
Precious Metals
Rare-Earth Metals
Uranous Metals (Actinoid)


Mineral Raw Materials
Building Raw Materials & Fillers
Conglomerates Company Reports
Fossil Fuel
Nonmetallic Minerals
Metalloids
Ores
Precious & Semi-Precious Stones


Machinery & Equipment
Defence & Security
Packaging Industry
Publishing Industry
Pulp & Paper
Vehicle
Other Industries






Chemicals






Organic Chemicals
Alcohols
Alkenes (Olefins)
Ethers
Organic Acids & Derivatives
Aldehydes & Ketones
Amines
Halogenated
Polymers
Alkanes
Benzene & Derivatives
Isocyanates


Inorganic Chemicals
Alkali
Inorganic Salts
Non-Metallic Oxides
Inorganic Acids
Metal Oxides


Chemical Company Reports
Chemical Reports by CAS Number
Composite Materials
Oils & Lubricants






IT & Technology






Consumer Electronics
Audio & Video Equipment
GPS Navigation
Mobile Phones & Smartphones
PC & Notebooks
Photography


Hardware
Computer Hardware
Computers & Electronic Equipment Company Reports
Data Storage
Networking Hardware


Software
Application Software
Operating System
Programming Software
Software Development
Software & Technology Services Company Reports
Video Games


Telecommunications
Broadband
Communication Services Company Reports
Internet
Mobile
Networks
Telecom Equipment
Wireless Technology






Life Sciences






Medical Devices
Anesthesia & Respiratory
Cardiovascular Devices
Dental
Diabetes Care
Diagnostic Equipment
Drug Delivery
Endoscopy
Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT)
Healthcare Equipment/Supplies Company Reports
Implants
Neurology
Orthopedic
Ophthalmic
Surgical Equipment
Wound Closure
Other Medical Devices


Biotechnology
Biomarkers
Biomaterials
Biosimilars
Stem Cell

Diagnostics & Diseases
In Vitro Diagnostics
Incontinence
Cancer
Cardiovascular
Diabetes
Hepatitis


Healthcare
Healthcare Services Company Reports
Ear Care
Eye Care
Hospital
Medicated Skin Care
Therapy
Wound Care


Pharmaceuticals
Clinical Trial
Drug Stores
Drugs
Pharmaceuticals Company Reports
Vaccines

Medical Products
Veterinary






Services






Freight & Trucking
Air Freight
Freight & Trucking Company Reports
Rail Freight
Road Freight
Water Freight


Media & Entertainment
Casino and Gaming
Cinema & Theater
Magazine & Newspaper
Media Company Reports
Music
Social Media
Television & Radio


Food Service
Fast Food
Restaurants
Restaurants & Leisure Company Reports
Pub & Bar


Consumer Services
Education
Hotels
Legal Services
Logistics
Post & Courier
Recruitment
Rent
Sports & Fitness Center
Travel & Leisure
Other Services








About
Faq
 My Cart


 











Market Reports
Press-Releases
Events
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Customer FAQ




Market Research Reports

Company Reports








 SWOT Analysis Reports & Company Profiles


A legal entity created on a voluntary basis and engaged in a certain business, company can operate in different market and counties. A company size is measured on the basis of its market value, sales, assets or profits. As a rule, companies are represented by the following types: be private, public, government, unlimited, foreign, producer, to name a few. Typical departments found in almost any company comprise but are not limited to production, customer services, marketing, human resources, finance, to name a few. 
Exxon Mobil, JPMorgan Chase, Shell, Apple, Royal Dutch Shell and Toyota Motor are amidst the globe’s largest and most influential companies, with most of them active the world over.
This Catalogue’s research reports cover companies involved in various business activities, be it production, sales, marketing, etc. The reports contain information on companies’ activities, historical development, key executives, departments, product offerings. SWOT analyses, data on market share, marketing strategies, the most recent activities within the industry, acquisitions, strategic partnerships and alliances are included in the research reports.


 SWOT Analysis Reports



All Regions

--
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Global
                                                                                --Africa
                                                                                --East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                --Europe
                                                                                --Middle East
                                                                                --North America
                                                                                --South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Global
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Algeria
                                                                                                                    --Angola
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Botswana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Cameroon
                                                                                --Cape Verde
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Ivory Coast
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Egypt
                                                                                                                                                        --Ethiopia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Gabon
                                                                                                                    --Ghana
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Kenya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Liberia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Mauritania
                                                                                --Mauritius
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Morocco
                                                                                --Mozambique
                                                                                --Namibia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Nigeria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Reunion
                                                                                                                    --Rwanda
                                                                                                                                                        --Senegal
                                                                                --Seychelles
                                                                                --Sierra Leone
                                                                                                                                                                                            --South Africa
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Tanzania
                                                                                                                    --Togo
                                                                                                                    --Tunisia
                                                                                                                    --Uganda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Zambia
                                                                                --Zimbabwe
                                                                                --Libya
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cote d'Ivoire
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Sudan
                                                                                                                                                        East Asia and Pacific
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Australia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Bangladesh
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Brunei Darussalam
                                                                                                                    --Cambodia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Fiji
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Hong Kong
                                                                                                                                                        --India
                                                                                --Indonesia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Japan
                                                                                                                                                                                            --North Korea
                                                                                --South Korea
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Macau
                                                                                                                    --Malaysia
                                                                                                                    --Marshall Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Mongolia
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Nepal
                                                                                                                                                        --New Zealand
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Pakistan
                                                                                                                    --Papua New Guinea
                                                                                                                                                        --Philippines
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Singapore
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Sri Lanka
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Taiwan
                                                                                                                    --Thailand
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Vietnam
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Europe
                                                                                                                                                                                        --Germany
                                                                                --Russia
                                                                                                                    --Belarus
                                                                                --Ukraine
                                                                                                                    --Andorra
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Austria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Belgium
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bulgaria
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Croatia
                                                                                                                    --Czech Republic
                                                                                --Denmark
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Estonia
                                                                                                                                                        --Faroe Islands
                                                                                                                    --Finland
                                                                                --France
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Gibraltar
                                                                                --Greece
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Hungary
                                                                                --Iceland
                                                                                                                                                        --Ireland
                                                                                --Italy
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Latvia
                                                                                                                                                        --Liechtenstein
                                                                                --Lithuania
                                                                                --Luxembourg
                                                                                                                    --Macedonia
                                                                                                                    --Malta
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Monaco
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Netherlands
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Norway
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Poland
                                                                                --Portugal
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Romania
                                                                                                                    --San Marino
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Slovakia
                                                                                --Slovenia
                                                                                                                    --Spain
                                                                                                                                                        --Sweden
                                                                                --Switzerland
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --United Kingdom
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Montenegro
                                                                                --Serbia
                                                                                                                                                                                            Middle East
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Israel
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Armenia
                                                                                                                                                        --Azerbaijan
                                                                                                                    --Bahrain
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cyprus
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Georgia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Jordan
                                                                                --Kazakhstan
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Kuwait
                                                                                                                    --Lebanon
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Oman
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Qatar
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Saudi Arabia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Turkey
                                                                                                                    --United Arab Emirates
                                                                                --Uzbekistan
                                                                                                                                                        --Yemen
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Afghanistan
                                                                                                                    --Iran
                                                                                --Iraq
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Syria
                                                                                                                    North America
                                                                                                                --United States
                                                                                --Canada
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Anguilla
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Bahamas
                                                                                                                                                        --Barbados
                                                                                                                    --Belize
                                                                                --Bermuda
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Cayman Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                            --Costa Rica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Dominican Republic
                                                                                                                                                        --El Salvador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Greenland
                                                                                --Guatemala
                                                                                --Honduras
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Jamaica
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Mexico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Netherlands Antilles
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    --Panama
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Puerto Rico
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Trinidad and Tobago
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Cuba
                                                                                South America
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Argentina
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Bolivia
                                                                                                                                                        --Brazil
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        --Chile
                                                                                                                    --Colombia
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Ecuador
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Falkland Islands
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Paraguay
                                                                                --Peru
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            --Suriname
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                --Venezuela
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Company Reports


All Publishers 4 Regions
                        AFS Research
                        Alpha Street Research
                        AMID
                        Aruvian's R'search
                        BAC Company Reports
                        BAC Industry Comparative Analysis
                        BAC Market Reports
                        BAC SWOT Company Reports
                        Barnes Reports
                        Beijing Zeefer Consulting
                        Bras Research
                        Business Strategies Group
                        China Research and Intelligence
                        Cni Research
                        CurrentPartnering
                        Daedal Research
                        DataGroup Booksellers
                        datamining
                        Euromonitor International
                        Four-S Services Private Limited
                        Future Markets
                        Global Industry Analysts
                        Global Markets Direct
                        GlobalData
                        Guangzhou CCM Information Science & Technology
                        iData Research
                        India Business Reports
                        Information Trends
                        Intellectual Property Exchange
                        IS Advisors
                        Kalorama Information
                        LNGAnalysis 
                        Market and Business Development
                        Market Insights Co., Ltd
                        Market Intelligence & Consulting Institute (MIC)
                        MarketLine
                        MP Advisors
                        Netscribes
                        Noealt Corporate Services
                        OG Analysis
                        Omi Advisories
                        Ovum
                        Plimsoll Publishing
                        Renub Research
                        ResearchInChina
                        Sadia Saeed
                        SDI
                        Smart Research Insights
                        SRI KRISHNA BHARATHI KNOWLEDGE SERVICES  (SKBKS)
                        Stellar Analytics
                        StrateCore Research LLP
                        TechSci Research
                        Timetric
                        Value Market Research
                        Venture Planning Group
                        Visiongain
                        World Market Intelligence
                    



                            Found
                                 256860 publications                    



Vectren Corporation (VVC) - Oil & Gas - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  proprietary in-house Oil & Gas eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart ...  Jul, 2017 160 pages


Koninklijke Philips N.V. (PHIA) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 46 pages


HCA Healthcare Inc (HCA) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 71 pages


Entasis Therapeutics Inc - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 27 pages


Encompass Home Health and Hospice - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and ...  Jul, 2017 17 pages


Eloxx Pharmaceuticals Ltd - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 18 pages


Eli Lilly and Company (India) Pvt Ltd - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Elasmogen Ltd - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 19 pages


Eckert & Ziegler Strahlen- und Medizintechnik AG (EUZ) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 18 pages


Echo Therapeutics Inc (ECTE) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 20 pages


Dr. Reddy’s Research and Development BV - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 20 pages


Dova Pharmaceuticals Inc - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 18 pages


Distributed Bio Inc - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 15 pages


Diasome Pharmaceuticals Inc - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 17 pages


Deutsche Biotech Innovativ AG (VUA) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 15 pages


Cyxone AB - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Cytox Ltd - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 17 pages


Corline Biomedical AB (CLBIO) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


ConSynance Therapeutics Inc - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 17 pages


Concordia International Rx UK Ltd - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 24 pages


Codiak BioSciences Inc - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 18 pages


Chinese Academy of Sciences - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 21 pages


China Resources Pharmaceutical Group Ltd (3320) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  across China. CR Pharma is headquartered in Hong Kong. China Resources Pharmaceutical Group Ltd (3320) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings ...  Jul, 2017 31 pages


Chembio Diagnostic, Inc. (CEMI) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 35 pages


Checkmate Pharmaceuticals Inc - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 20 pages


Change Healthcare Holdings Inc - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 21 pages


Cepheid - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ... US. Cepheid - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed information on Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity ...  Jul, 2017 18 pages


Center for Applied Medical Research - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and table ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Celon Pharma SA (CLN) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  proprietary in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 18 pages


Cellestia Biotech AG - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 18 pages


Celixir Ltd - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 17 pages


Casebia Therapeutics - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 19 pages


Camel-IDS NV - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Biosilu Healthcare AG (1YA) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 17 pages


Beryllium Discovery Corp - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 16 pages


Baylor Scott & White Research Institute - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 22 pages


Baylor Scott & White Health - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 48 pages


AzurRx BioPharma Inc (AZRX) - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 22 pages


Autotelic Inc - Pharmaceuticals & Healthcare - Deals and Alliances Profile
US$ 250.00
 ...  in-house Pharma eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research. Scope Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships. Deals by Year - Chart and ...  Jul, 2017 21 pages


WaferGen Biosystems Inc - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
WaferGen Biosystems Inc - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, business structure and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis, information on the company’s key employees, key competitors and major products and services ...  Jul, 2017 35 pages


SPIE SA (SPIE) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... ’s operations and business divisions. Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy. SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products ...  Jul, 2017 47 pages


QHR Corporation - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
QHR Corporation - Strategic SWOT Analysis Review provides a comprehensive insight into the company’s history, corporate strategy, business structure and operations. The report contains a detailed SWOT analysis, information on the company’s key employees, key competitors and major products and services. This  ...  Jul, 2017 23 pages


Petro Welt Technologies AG (O2C) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... ’s operations and business divisions. Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy. SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products ...  Jul, 2017 32 pages


Paratek Pharmaceuticals Inc (PRTK) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... ’s operations and business divisions. Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy. SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products ...  Jul, 2017 46 pages


Novelion Therapeutics Inc (QLT) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... ’s operations and business divisions. Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy. SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products ...  Jul, 2017 55 pages


Mochida Pharmaceutical Co Ltd (4534) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... ’s operations and business divisions. Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy. SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products ...  Jul, 2017 31 pages


Innoviva Inc (INVA) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... ’s operations and business divisions. Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy. SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products ...  Jul, 2017 40 pages


Frontera Energy Corp (FEC) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... ’s operations and business divisions. Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy. SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products ...  Jul, 2017 59 pages


Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. (BEP.UN) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... ’s operations and business divisions. Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy. SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products ...  Jul, 2017 46 pages


Bavarian Nordic AS (BAVA) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review
US$ 125.00
 ... ’s operations and business divisions. Corporate strategy – Analyst’s summarization of the company’s business strategy. SWOT Analysis – A detailed analysis of the company’s strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats. Company history – Progression of key events associated with the company. Major products ...  Jul, 2017 42 pages




1
2
3
4
5
>

Skip to top





Market Reports


All Categories  






Need Help?

								+44 20 8123 2220 (UK)
				+1 732 587 5005 (USA)
info@marketpublishers.com







Sales and support:
                    +44 20 8123 2220
            +1 732 587 5005
info@marketpublishers.com
  © 2006-2016 MarketPublishers.com


About Us
Our Clients
Our Publishers
Customer FAQ


Market Reports
New Publications
Reports by Regions
Press-Releases


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Affiliate Program


Join as Publisher

Follow Us:























Rentalcars.com：廉價租車，最優價格保證, 今天預訂！








































































































								TWD
新台幣





 繁體中文




 English



 Deutsch



 Français



 Español



 Italiano



 עברית



 Bahasa Indonesia



 Bahasa Malaysia



 Català



 Dansk



 Eesti



 Filipino



 Hrvatski



 Latvija



 Lietuvių kalba



 Magyar



 Nederlands



 Norsk



 Polski



 Português (BR)



 Português (PT)



 Pусский



 Română



 Slovenčina



 Slovenščina



 Srpski



 Suomi



 Svenska



 Swahili



 Türkçe



 Việt



 Íslenska



 Čeština



 ελληνικά



 Български



 Україньска



 العربية



 ไทย



 日本語



 简体中文



 繁體中文



 한국어








管理訂單

管理訂單
如果你沒有帳戶，您也可以管理您的訂單。

Email



訂單號碼


						忘記您的預訂單號？









登錄
1



					我们很抱歉，在处理您的请求中发生错误。


正在確認登陸信息



登錄，預訂，獲勝！
 八月份，將有「 5 位幸運帳號用戶」獲得免費租車大獎。別錯過大好機會－馬上登入預訂！

更多信息

您的賬戶登錄
登陸帳號管理您的定單

Email



密碼



									保持我登陸狀態

忘記了密碼？




 或者創建一個賬戶










































 關閉


				忘記訂單編號？

				填寫您的email地址，我們會把您的訂單號發到這個email地址 

電子郵箱:








				Email已發送

				您的訂單號已經通過郵件發給您了.
			



				找不到訂單號

				我們找不到和所提供郵件地址相關的預訂. 請使用此鏈接聯繫我們.

重新填寫email地址
















租車 - 詢價，比較和節省



在超過50,000位置比較900公司。最佳價格保證















搜尋租車訊息

Choose your pickup location

國家


			                             請選擇



城市


			                             請選擇




			                     	地點


			                             請選擇




取車地點還車



還車
Choose your drop off location

國家


			                             請選擇



城市


			                             請選擇



地點


			                             請選擇






取車日期：

日
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


本月

																	 八月
																	 '17

																	 九月
																	 '17

																	 十月
																	 '17

																	 十一月
																	 '17

																	 十二月
																	 '17

																	 一月
																	 '18

																	 二月
																	 '18

																	 三月
																	 '18

																	 四月
																	 '18

																	 五月
																	 '18

																	 六月
																	 '18

																	 七月
																	 '18

																	 八月
																	 '18





時間:
00010203040506070809101112131415161718192021222300153045

還車日期：

日
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31


本月

																	 八月
																	 '17

																	 九月
																	 '17

																	 十月
																	 '17

																	 十一月
																	 '17

																	 十二月
																	 '17

																	 一月
																	 '18

																	 二月
																	 '18

																	 三月
																	 '18

																	 四月
																	 '18

																	 五月
																	 '18

																	 六月
																	 '18

																	 七月
																	 '18

																	 八月
																	 '18





時間:
00010203040506070809101112131415161718192021222300153045








駕駛人年齡在25-70歲之間？


駕駛人年齡在30-65歲之間？

信息提示
如果駕駛員的年齡低於30歲或者高於65歲，車行也許會收更多的錢。請查看車輛的條例和條款。


駕駛者年齡
 



Chinese license


駕駛人持有由中華人民共和國（中國大陸地區）頒發的有效駕駛執照。




Form submission




無信用卡刷卡費
免費修改訂單
最低價格保證
















知名品牌超多選擇省超多！

















        登錄，預訂，獲勝！

         八月份，將有「 5 位幸運帳號用戶」獲得免費租車大獎。別錯過大好機會－馬上登入預訂！


            登錄















需要通過電話預訂？






致電預訂


02 7741 7993
營業時間 








被我們的客人高度推薦

                            我們的選舉是 10中的8.1在  建立在評論 64,810之上。










全球最大線上租車服務
與 163 個國家 900 間租車公司合作，我們為您尋找絕佳地點的理想價格租車方案



                    在線管理您的訂單
輕鬆更改線上訂單

超過 3百萬 人分享評語
我們邀請每位顧客分享對於租車公司的評價。參考評分－做出理想選擇







我們最熱門的地點




Los Angeles - 洛杉磯

美國-加州






Naha (Okinawa) - 那霸市（沖繩縣）

日本






Keflavik - 凱夫拉維克

冰島








San Francisco - 舊金山

美國-加州






Reykjavik - 雷克雅維克

冰島






Vancouver
                        -  溫哥華

加拿大









查訊常見問題

我需要做什麼來租一輛車？



                            預訂你的車，你需要的是信用卡或借記卡。當你取車，你需要：
您在的租車憑證/電子憑證，證明您租車已經付款。
主駕駛人的信用卡/借記卡，上面要有足夠的資金來支付租車的安全押金。
每個駕駛員的完整，有效的駕駛執照，他們已經擁有了至少12個月（通常24 ）。
您的護照和其他任何標識是汽車租賃公司需要看到的。

                            不同的汽車租賃公司有不同的要求，所以請確保你檢查汽車的條款和條件，以及。

                                多大年紀我才能租一輛車？


對於大多數租車公司，年齡要求是70歲之間和21歲。如果你是25歲以下或70 ，您可能需要支付額外費用。

                                我可以代別人預約租車服務嗎？


可以，只要符合條件即可預約。請在預約流程中填入相關資訊即可。

                                我們才能找到最優惠的租車價格呢？


我公司和所有主要國際租車公司（另有其他多個小型當地公司）為您提供以最優惠的價格，龐大數量的車輛選擇。這就是為什麼我們可以為您在全球多於50,000的目的地找到經濟實惠價格的車輛。僅需要用我們的查詢表格，您就可以對比價格和找到您的絕對優惠價格車輛。

                                在選擇車輛時我應該注意哪些問題？




空間: 您會更擁有一個更享受和更放鬆的旅行如果您選擇一個能夠為旅行乘員和行李提供足夠的空間的車輛。
燃油政策: 沒有計劃開很多里程？一個為滿箱取滿箱換的燃油政策能幫您節省更多的費用。
地點:您找不到比"機場”取車更便捷的服務了，但是一個”機場外“取車外加巴士接送的服務更經濟實惠。



                                所有的費用都包含在租車價格里嗎？


我們主要的租賃都包括盜竊險，車體破損險，當地稅費，機場稅費和任何其他的道路費用。您將會在取車時支付任何其他的'附加服務'費用和任何年輕駕駛員費用，追加駕駛人費用或者異地還車費用- 但是我們將會在您訂車之前解釋給您任何附加費用（而且如果您攜帶您自己的兒童座椅或者衛星導航會更便捷又節省費用）。請查看您所中意車輛的條款和規定來核對更多詳細租車費用包含信息。

有問題嗎？只需訪問我們的幫助頁面或聯繫方式









相關搜尋



                                敞蓬车辆租赁



                                休旅車輛租賃



                                租賃豪華車輛




熱門目的地 




                            Los Angeles - 洛杉磯車輛租賃 從每天TWD773




                            Naha (Okinawa) - 那霸市（沖繩縣）車輛租賃 




                            Keflavik - 凱夫拉維克車輛租賃 從每天TWD996




                            San Francisco - 舊金山車輛租賃 從每天TWD912




                            Reykjavik - 雷克雅維克車輛租賃 從每天TWD1,016




                            Vancouver
                        -  溫哥華車輛租賃 從每天TWD959




                            Amsterdam - 阿姆斯特丹車輛租賃 從每天TWD610




                            Vienna - 維也納車輛租賃 從每天TWD703




                            Frankfurt - 法蘭克福車輛租賃 從每天TWD542




                            Fukuoka (Fukuoka) - 福岡市（福岡縣）車輛租賃 




                            Seattle
                        -  西雅圖車輛租賃 從每天TWD878




                            Bangkok - 曼谷車輛租賃 從每天TWD619




                            Osaka (Osaka) - 大阪市 （大阪府）車輛租賃 




                            Chitose (Hokkaido) - 千歲市（北海道）車輛租賃 




                            Las Vegas - 拉斯維加斯車輛租賃 從每天TWD876




                            Christchurch - 基督城車輛租賃 從每天TWD674




                            Hawaii - Oahu Island
                        -  夏威夷車輛租賃 從每天TWD1,307




                            Munich - 慕尼黑車輛租賃 從每天TWD467




                            Zagreb - 薩格勒布車輛租賃 從每天TWD275




                            London - 倫敦車輛租賃 從每天TWD302


广告报价为我们的顾客在过去两周内搜索到的特价。因搜索条件差异，价格将有变化。


機場




                            Los Angeles Airport - 洛杉磯機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD773




                            Keflavik International Airport - 凱夫拉維克國際機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD996




                            San Francisco Airport - 舊金山機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD912




                            Naha Airport - 那霸機場車輛租賃 




                            Amsterdam Schiphol Airport - 阿姆斯特丹史基浦機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD610




                            Vancouver Airport - 温哥华机场車輛租賃 從每天TWD959




                            Vienna Airport - 維也納機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD703




                            Frankfurt Airport - 法蘭克福機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD542




                            Seattle Airport - 西雅圖機場車輛租賃 




                            New Chitose Airport - 新千歳機場車輛租賃 




                            Osaka Kansai Airport - 大阪關西機場車輛租賃 




                            Las Vegas Airport - 拉斯維加斯機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD876




                            Christchurch Airport - 基督城機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD674




                            Fukuoka Airport - International Terminal - 福岡機場 - 國際航站樓車輛租賃 




                            Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport - 曼谷素萬那普機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD619




                            Zagreb Airport - 薩格勒布機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD275




                            Calgary Airport - 卡加利機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD1,418




                            Chicago O`Hare Airport - 芝加哥O`Hare機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD856




                            Zurich Airport - 蘇黎世機場車輛租賃 從每天TWD929




                            Hakodate Airport - 函館機場車輛租賃 


广告报价为我们的顾客在过去两周内搜索到的特价。因搜索条件差异，价格将有变化。


租車公司



Alamo車輛租賃





Hertz車輛租賃





Avis車輛租賃





Budget車輛租賃





Europcar車輛租賃





Sixt車輛租賃





Sicily By Car車輛租賃





Thrifty車輛租賃





Dollar車輛租賃





Goldcar車輛租賃








相關搜尋
熱門目的地 
機場
租車公司
















免費的iPhone和Android應用程式
最便捷的方式租車


蘋果店


谷歌應用商城






獨立的評價




8.1

													從0- 10



 
根據64,810個客戶的評論



獨家的優惠
訂閱您的電子報
謝謝

Sign up to our offers
Enter your email address

請填寫有效email地址。








關於Rentalcars.com租車
Rentalcars.com 作為全世界領先的租車平台，在全世界163多個國家設有租車點，租車服務語言多於40種。我們與世界領先車輛租賃商合作，為顧客提供價格最優惠車輛，從豪華型車輛，休旅車到自排車輛，應有盡有。我們多語言電話預訂中心每週7天工作，不管你生在何處，我們都會為你竭誠服務。








Subscribe & Save

請填寫有效email地址。
謝謝












英國最佳租車服務網站
上線 2 年












幫助和詢問

關于我們
聯繫我們
幫助
查看訂單

								合作夥伴方案

供應商合作夥伴查詢

View our mobile site







優惠資訊訂閱
比价
隱私權聲明
服務條款




快速連結

熱門國家
熱門城市
熱門機場
所有國家






租車公司







								Rentalcars.com是TravelJigsaw有限公司註冊的貿易名稱，本公司在英格蘭和威爾士註冊（編號：05179829），其註冊地址是：100 New Bridge Street, London, EC4V 6JA.
								ID: 60F36

Rentalcars.com是Priceline的集團一部分，提供全球領先的在線旅遊及相關服務。






























































Thai Rent A  Car ; Thairental Car; Car hire Thailand; rental Car thailand 









































































Pick Up



Please Select ::
Thai Rent A Bike Hua Hin DowntownThai Rent A Bike Bangkok DowntownThai Rent A Bike Chiang Mai DowntownBangkok Don Mueang Intl. Airport (DMK)Bangkok Downtown New Petchburee RoadBangkok Suvarnabhumi Intl. Airport (BKK)Buriram AirportChiang Mai Downtown Maya Shopping CenterChiang Mai International AirportChiang Rai International AirportHat Yai International AirporHua Hin Downtown Villa MarketKhon Kaen AirportKrabi International AirportLampang  AirportMae Sot  Airport Nakhon Phanom AirportNakhon Si Thammarat AirportNan AirportPattaya Central RoadPhitsanulok AirportPhuket International AirportRatchadaphisek BranchSamui AirportSurat Thani AirportTrang AirportU-Tapao International AirportUbon Ratchathani AirportUdon Thani International Airport 





















00
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23




00
15
30
45







Return





Same location as Pick Up






















00
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23




00
15
30
45











Promotion Code







 
                                        	Drive age 21+                                        











02-737-8888
Pick Up



Please Select ::
Thai Rent A Bike Hua Hin DowntownThai Rent A Bike Bangkok DowntownThai Rent A Bike Chiang Mai DowntownBangkok Don Mueang Intl. Airport (DMK)Bangkok Downtown New Petchburee RoadBangkok Suvarnabhumi Intl. Airport (BKK)Buriram AirportChiang Mai Downtown Maya Shopping CenterChiang Mai International AirportChiang Rai International AirportHat Yai International AirporHua Hin Downtown Villa MarketKhon Kaen AirportKrabi International AirportLampang  AirportMae Sot  Airport Nakhon Phanom AirportNakhon Si Thammarat AirportNan AirportPattaya Central RoadPhitsanulok AirportPhuket International AirportRatchadaphisek BranchSamui AirportSurat Thani AirportTrang AirportU-Tapao International AirportUbon Ratchathani AirportUdon Thani International Airport 





















00
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23




00
15
30
45







Return





Same location as Pick Up






















00
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23




00
15
30
45











Promotion Code







 
                                        	Drive age 21+                                        





























































 



 



 







 32 Branch Locations




Worldwide car rental




 PartnersThai Rent A Car 




Success Stories




 FAQ  




Contact us


















