

Welcome :: Franchise Services of North America Inc.



















































Franchise Information 
Career Opportunities 












1/30/2017 FRANCHISE SERVICES OF NORTH AMERICA INC. ANNOUNCES ANNUAL FINANCIAL RESULTS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2016...MORE>11/29/2016 FRANCHISE SERVICES OF NORTH AMERICA ANNOUNCES THE OPENING OF TWO NEW 
U-SAVE CAR & TRUCK RENTAL LOCATIONS...MORE>



» VIEW ALL 
                        NEWS   

 







Get More Information: 
                      

    

    

    

    
Comments




» SUBMIT «



 






ABOUT FSNA | OPERATIONS | INVESTORS | NEWS | CONTACTS | FRANCHISE 
  INFO










Franchising - Wikipedia






















 






Franchising

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the business concept. For the cable television franchise fee in the United States, see Cable television franchise fee. For the concept of "franchising" in sports, see Major professional sports leagues in the United States and Canada.





The examples and perspective in this article deal primarily with the United States and do not represent a worldwide view of the subject. You may improve this article, discuss the issue on the talk page, or create a new article, as appropriate. (November 2014) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)






A McDonald's franchise.


Franchising is the practice of the right to use a firm's business model and brand for a prescribed period of time. The word "franchise" is of Anglo-French derivation—from franc, meaning free—and is used both as a noun and as a (transitive) verb.[1] For the franchisor, the franchise is an alternative to building "chain stores" to distribute goods that avoids the investments and liability of a chain. The franchisor's success depends on the success of the franchisees. The franchisee is said to have a greater incentive than a direct employee because they have a direct stake in the business.
Thirty-three countries—including the United States and Australia—have laws that explicitly regulate franchising, with the majority of all other countries having laws which have a direct or indirect effect on franchising.[2] Franchising is also used as a foreign market entry mode.



Contents


1 History
2 Largest franchised chains
3 Fees and contract arrangement
4 Rationale and risk shift
5 Obligations of the parties
6 Regulations

6.1 Australia

6.1.1 Franchising code of conduct


6.2 New Zealand
6.3 Brazil
6.4 China
6.5 India
6.6 Kazakhstan
6.7 Europe

6.7.1 France
6.7.2 Italy
6.7.3 Norway
6.7.4 Russia
6.7.5 Spain
6.7.6 Turkey
6.7.7 United Kingdom


6.8 United States


7 Social franchises
8 Third party logistics franchising
9 Event franchising
10 Home-based franchises
11 See also
12 References
13 External links



History[edit]
The boom in franchising did not take place until after World War II. Nevertheless, the rudiments of modem franchising date back to the Middle Ages when landowners made franchise-like agreements with tax collectors, who retained a percentage of the money they collected and turned the rest over.[3] The practice ended around 1562 but spread to other endeavors.[4] For example, in 17th century England franchisees were granted the right to sponsor markets and fairs or operate ferries. There was little growth in franchising, though, until the mid-19th century, when it appeared in the United States for the first time.
One of the first successful American franchising operations was started by an enterprising druggist named John S. Pemberton. In 1886, he concocted a beverage comprising sugar, molasses, spices, and cocaine (which is no longer an ingredient). Pemberton licensed selected people to bottle and sell the drink, which is now known as Coca-Cola. His was one of the earliest—and most successful—franchising operations in the United States.
The Singer Company implemented a franchising plan in the 1850s to distribute its sewing machines. The operation failed, though, because the company did not earn much money even though the machines sold well. The dealers, who had exclusive rights to their territories, absorbed most of the profits because of deep discounts. Some failed to push Singer products, so competitors were able to outsell the company. Under the existing contract, Singer could neither withdraw rights granted to franchisees nor send in its own salaried representatives. So, the company started repurchasing the rights it had sold. The experiment proved to be a failure. That may have been one of the first times a franchisor failed, but it was by no means the last. (Even Colonel Sanders did not initially succeed in his Kentucky Fried Chicken franchising efforts.) Still, the Singer venture did not put an end to franchising.
Other companies tried franchising in one form or another after the Singer experience. For example, several decades later, General Motors Corporation established a somewhat successful franchising operation in order to raise capital. Perhaps the father of modern franchising, though, is Louis Kroh Liggett. In 1902, Liggett invited a group of druggists to join a "drug cooperative." As he explained to them, they could increase profits by paying less for their purchases, especially if they set up their own manufacturing company. His idea was to market private label products. About 40 druggists pooled $4,000 of their own money and adopted the name "Rexall." Sales soared, and "Rexall" became a franchisor. The chain's success set a pattern for other franchisors to follow.
Although many business owners did affiliate with cooperative ventures of one type or another, there was little growth in franchising until the early 20th century, and what franchising there was did not take the same form as it does today. As the United States shifted from an agricultural to an industrial economy, manufacturers licensed individuals to sell automobiles, trucks, gasoline, beverages, and a variety of other products. The franchisees did little more than sell the products, though. The sharing of responsibility associated with contemporary franchising arrangement did not exist to any great extent. Consequently, franchising was not a growth industry in the United States.
It was not until the 1960s and 1970s that people began to take a close look at the attractiveness of franchising. The concept intrigued people with entrepreneurial spirit. However, there were serious pitfalls for investors, which almost ended the practice before it became truly popular.
Largest franchised chains[edit]




A Pizza Hut franchise


The following U.S. listing tabulates[5] the early 2010 ranking of major franchises along with the number of sub-franchisees (or partners) from data available for 2004.[6] The United States is a leader in franchising, a position it has held since the 1930s when it used the approach for fast-food restaurants, food inns and, slightly later, motels at the time of the Great Depression[citation needed]. As of 2005, there were 909,253 established franchised businesses, generating $880.9 billion of output and accounting for 8.1 percent of all private, non-farm jobs. This amounts to 11 million jobs, and 4.4 percent of all private sector output.[7]

1. Subway (sandwiches and salads) | startup costs $84,300 – $258,300 (41,916 locations worldwide in 2015).


2. McDonald's | startup costs in 2010, $995,900 – $1,842,700 (36,368 Locations in 2015)


3. 7-Eleven Inc. (convenience stores) | startup costs in 2010 $40,500- $775,300, (56,439 locations in 2015)


4. Hampton Inns & Suites (midprice hotels) | startup costs in 2010 $3,716,000 – $15,148,800


5. Great Clips (hair salons) | startup costs in 2010 $109,000 - $203,000 (3,694 locations in 2015)


6. H&R Block (tax preparation and now e-filing) | startup costs $26,427 - $84,094 (10,800 locations in 2015)


7. Dunkin' Donuts | startup costs in 2010 $537,750 - $1,765,300


8. Jani-King (commercial cleaning) | startup costs $11,400 - $35,050, (11,000 partners worldwide in 2004)


9. Servpro (insurance and disaster restoration and cleaning) | startup costs in 2010 $102,250 - $161,150


10. MiniMarkets (convenience store and gas station) | startup costs in 2010 $1,835,823 - $7,615,065

Mid-sized franchises like restaurants, gasoline stations and trucking stations involve substantial investment and require all the attention of a businessperson.
There are also large franchises like hotels, spas and hospitals, which are discussed further under technological alliances.
Fees and contract arrangement[edit]
Three important payments are made to a franchisor: (a) a royalty for the trademark, (b) reimbursement for the training and advisory services given to the franchisee, and (c) a percentage of the individual business unit's sales. These three fees may be combined in a single 'management' fee. A fee for "disclosure" is separate and is always a "front-end fee".
A franchise usually lasts for a fixed time period (broken down into shorter periods, which each require renewal), and serves a specific territory or geographical area surrounding its location. One franchisee may manage several such locations. Agreements typically last from five to thirty years, with premature cancellations or terminations of most contracts bearing serious consequences for franchisees. A franchise is merely a temporary business investment involving renting or leasing an opportunity, not the purchase of a business for the purpose of ownership. It is classified as a wasting asset due to the finite term of the license.
Franchise fees are on average 6.7% with an additional average marketing fee of 2% [8] However, not all franchise opportunities are the same and many franchise organizations are pioneering new models that challenge antiquated structures and redefine success for the organization as well as the franchisee.
A franchise can be exclusive, non-exclusive or "sole and exclusive".
Although franchisor revenues and profit may be listed in a franchise disclosure document (FDD), no laws require an estimate of franchisee profitability, which depends on how intensively the franchisee "works" the franchise. Therefore, franchisor fees are typically based on "gross revenue from sales" and not on profits realized. See remuneration.
Various tangibles and intangibles such as national or international advertising, training and other support services are commonly made available by the franchisor.
Franchise brokers help franchisors find appropriate franchisees.[9] There are also main 'master franchisors' who obtain the rights to sub-franchise in a territory.
According to the International Franchise Association approximately 44% of all businesses in the United States are franchisee-worked.
Rationale and risk shift[edit]
Franchising is one of the only means available to access venture capital without the need to give up control of the operation of the chain and build a distribution system for servicing it. After the brand and formula are carefully designed and properly executed, franchisors are able to sell franchises and expand rapidly across countries and continents using the capital and resources of their franchisees while reducing their own risk.
There is also risk for the people buying the franchises. However, failure rates are much lower for franchise businesses than independent business startups.[10]
Franchisor rules imposed by the franchising authority are becoming increasingly strict. Some franchisors are using minor rule violations to terminate contracts and seize the franchise without any reimbursement.[10]
Obligations of the parties[edit]
Each party to a franchise has several interests to protect. The franchisor is involved in securing protection for the trademark, controlling the business concept and securing know-how. The franchisee is obligated to carry out the services for which the trademark has been made prominent or famous. There is a great deal of standardization required. The place of service has to bear the franchisor's signs, logos and trademark in a prominent place. The uniforms worn by the staff of the franchisee have to be of a particular design and color. The service has to be in accordance with the pattern followed by the franchisor in the successful franchise operations. Thus, franchisees are not in full control of the business, as they would be in retailing.
A service can be successful if equipment and supplies are purchased at a fair price from the franchisor or sources recommended by the franchisor. A coffee brew, for example, can be readily identified by the trademark if its raw materials come from a particular supplier. If the franchisor requires purchase from his stores, it may come under anti-trust legislation or equivalent laws of other countries.[11] So too the purchase things like uniforms of personnel and signs, as well as the franchise sites, if they are owned or controlled by the franchisor.
The franchisee must carefully negotiate the license and must develop a marketing or business plan with the franchisor. The fees must be fully disclosed and there should not be any hidden fees. The start-up costs and working capital must be known before the license is granted. There must be assurance that additional licensees will not crowd the "territory" if the franchise is worked according to plan. The franchisee must be seen as an independent merchant. It must be protected by the franchisor from any trademark infringement by third parties. A franchise attorney is required to assist the franchisee during negotiations.[12]
Often the training period - the costs of which are in great part covered by the initial fee - is too short in cases where it is necessary to operate complicated equipment, and the franchisee has to learn on their own from instruction manuals. The training period must be adequate, but in low-cost franchises it may be considered expensive. Many franchisors have set up corporate universities to train staff online. This is in addition to providing literature, sales documents and email access.
Also, franchise agreements carry no guarantees or warranties and the franchisee has little or no recourse to legal intervention in the event of a dispute.[13] Franchise contracts tend to be unilateral and favor of the franchisor, who is generally protected from lawsuits from their franchisees because of the non-negotiable contracts that franchisees are required to acknowledge, in effect, that they are buying the franchise knowing that there is risk, and that they have not been promised success or profits by the franchisor. Contracts are renewable at the sole option of the franchisor. Most franchisors require franchisees to sign agreements that mandate where and under what law any dispute would be litigated.
Regulations[edit]
Australia[edit]
In Australia, franchising is regulated by the Franchising Code of Conduct, a mandatory code of conduct concluded under the Trade Practices Act 1974.[14] The ACCC regulates the Franchising Code of Conduct, which is a mandatory industry code that applies to the parties to a franchise agreement.[15]
This code requires franchisors to produce a disclosure document which must be given to a prospective franchisee at least 14 days before the franchise agreement is entered into.
The code also regulates the content of franchise agreements, for example in relation to marketing funds, a cooling-off period, termination, and the resolution of disputes by mediation.
Franchising code of conduct[edit]
On 1 January 2015, the old Franchising Code was repealed and replaced with a new Franchising Code of Conduct. The new Code applies to conduct on or after 1 January 2015.
The new Code:

introduces an obligation under the Code for parties to act in good faith in their dealings with one another
introduces financial penalties and infringement notices for serious breaches of the Code
requires franchisors to provide prospective franchisees with a short information sheet outlining the risks and rewards of franchising
requires franchisors to provide greater transparency in the use of and accounting for money used for marketing and advertising and to set up a separate marketing fund for marketing and advertising fees
requires additional disclosure about the ability of the franchisor and a franchisee to sell online
prohibits franchisors from imposing significant capital expenditure except in limited circumstances.

These are significant changes and it is important that franchisors, franchisees and potential franchises understand their rights and responsibilities under the Code.
For further information about the changes to the Code, please see the updated Franchisor Compliance Manual and the Franchisee Manual.
The Code explanatory materials are available from the ComLaw website (link is external).[16]
New Zealand[edit]
New Zealand is served by around 423 franchise systems operating 450 brands, giving it the highest proportion of franchises per capita in the world. Despite (or because of) the recession[which?], the total number of franchised units increased by 5.3% from 2009 to 2010.[17] There is no separate law covering franchises, so they are covered by normal commercial law. This functions very well in New Zealand and includes law as it applies to contracts, restrictive trade practices, intellectual property and the law of misleading or deceptive conduct.[18]
The Franchise Association of New Zealand introduced a self-regulatory code of practice for its members in 1996. This contains many provisions similar to those of the Australian Franchising Code of Practice legislation, although only around a third of all franchises are members of the association and therefore bound by the code.[19]
A case of fraud in 2007 perpetrated by a former master franchisee of the country's largest franchise system[20] led to a review of the need for franchise law by the Ministry of Economic Development.[21] The New Zealand Government decided there was no case for franchise-specific legislation at that time.[22] This decision was criticised by the opposition,[23] which had initiated the review when in power, and the review process was questioned by a leading academic.[24] The Franchise Association originally supported the positive regulation of the franchise sector[25] but its eventual submission to the review was in favour of the status quo – self-regulation.[26]
Brazil[edit]
By the end of 2012, there were about 2,031 franchise brands operating in Brazil, with approximately 93,000 locations,[27] making it one of the largest countries in the world in terms of number of units. Around 11 percent of this total were foreign-based franchisors.
The Brazilian Franchise Law (Law No. 8955 of December 15, 1994) defines the franchise as a system in which the franchisor licenses the franchisee, for a payment, the right to use a trademark or patent along with the right to distribute products or services on an exclusive or semi-exclusive basis. The provision of a "Franchise Offer Circular", or disclosure document, is mandatory before execution of agreement and is valid for all of the Brazilian territory. Failure to disclose voids the agreement, which leads to refunds and serious payments for damages. The Franchise Law does not distinguish between Brazilian and foreign franchisors. The National Institute of Industrial Property (INPI) is the registering authority. Indispensable documents are a Statement of Delivery (of disclosure documentation) and a Certification of Recording (INPI). The latter is necessary for payments. All sums may not be convertible into foreign currency. Certification may also mean compliance with Brazil's antitrust legislation.
Parties to international franchising may decide to adopt the English language for the document, as long as the Brazilian party knows English fluently and expressly acknowledges that fact, to avoid translation. The registration accomplishes three things:

* It make the agreement effective against third parties
* It permits the remittance of payments
* It qualifies the franchisee for tax deductions.

China[edit]
China has the most franchises in the world but the scale of their operations is relatively small. Each system in China has an average of 43 outlets, compared to more than 540 in the United States. Together, there are 2600 brands in some 200,000 retail markets. KFC was the most significant foreign entry in 1987 and is widespread [28] Many franchises are in fact joint-ventures, as at their forming the franchise law was not explicit. For example, McDonald's is a joint venture. Pizza Hut, TGIF, Wal-mart, Starbucks followed a little later. But total franchising is only 3% of retail trade, which seeks foreign franchise growth.
The year 2005 saw the birth of an updated franchise law,[28] "Measures for the Administration of Commercial Franchise".[29] Previous legislation (1997) made no specific inclusion of foreign investors. Today the franchise law is much clearer by virtue of the 2007 law,[30] a revision of the 2005 law.
The laws are applicable if there are transactions involving a trademark combined with payments with many obligations on the franchisor. The law comprises 42 articles and eight chapters.
Among the franchisor obligations are:

The FIE (foreign-invested enterprise) franchisor must be registered by the regulator
The franchisor (or its subsidiary) must have operated at least operated two company-owned franchises in China (revised to "anywhere")for more than 12 months ("the two-shop, one-year" rule)
The franchisor must disclose any information requested by the franchisee
Cross-border franchising, with some caveats, is possible (2007 law).

The franchisor must meet a list of requirements for registration, among which are:

The standard franchise agreement, working manual and working capital requirements,
A track-record of operations, and ample ability to supply materials,
The ability to train the Chinese personnel and provide
Long-term operational guidance,
The franchise agreement must have a minimum three-year term.

Among other provisions:

The franchisor is liable for certain actions of its suppliers
Monetary and other penalties apply for infractions of the regulations.

The disclosure must take place 20 days in advance. It has to contain:

Details of the franchisor's experience in the franchised business with scope of business
Identification of the franchisor's principal officers
Litigation of the franchisor during the past five years
Full details about all franchise fees
The amount of a franchisee's initial investment
A list of the goods or services the franchisor can supply, and the terms of supply
The training franchisees will receive
Information about the trademarks,including registration, usage and litigation
Demonstration of the franchisor's capabilities to provide training and guidance
Statistics about existing units, including number, locations and operational results, and the percentage of franchises that have been terminated, and
An audited financial report and tax information (for an unspecified period of time).

Other elements of this legislation are:

The franchisee's confidentiality obligations continue indefinitely after termination or expiration of the franchise agreement
If the franchisee has paid a deposit to the franchisor, it must be refunded on termination of the franchise agreement; upon termination, the franchisee is prohibited from continuing to use the franchisor's marks.

India[edit]
The franchising of goods and services foreign to India is in its infancy. The first International Exhibition was only held in 2009.[31] India is, however, one of the biggest franchising markets because of its large middle-class of 300 million who are not reticent about spending and because the population is entrepreneurial in character. In a highly diversified society, (see Demographics of India) McDonald's is a success story despite its fare's differing from that of the rest of the world.[32]
So far, franchise agreements are covered under two standard commercial laws: the Contract Act 1872 and the Specific Relief Act 1963, which provide for both specific enforcement of covenants in a contract and remedies in the form of damages for breach of contract.
Kazakhstan[edit]
In Kazakhstan franchise turnover for 2013 is 2.5 billion US$ dollars per year. Kazakhstan is the leader in Central Asia in the franchising market. There is a special law on franchising which went into effect in 2002. There are more than 300 franchise systems and the number of franchised outlets approaches 2000.[33] Kazakhstan franchising began with the emergence of a "Coca-Cola" factory, opened to sublicense a Turkish licensor of the same brand. The plant was built in 1994. Other brands that are also present in Kazakhstan through the franchise system include Pepsi, Hilton, Marriott, Intercontinental, and Pizza Hut.
Europe[edit]
Franchising has grown rapidly in Europe in recent years, but the industry is largely unregulated. Unlike the United States, the European Union has not adopted a uniform franchise law.[34] Only six of the 28 member states have a pre-contractual disclosure law. They are France (1989), Spain (1996), Romania (1997), Italy (2004) Sweden ( 2004) and Belgium (2005).[35] Estonia and Lithuania have franchise laws that impose mandatory terms on franchise agreements. In Spain there is also mandatory registration on a public registry. Although they have no franchise specific laws, Germany and those countries with a legal system based upon that of Germany, such as Austria, Greece and Portugal, probably impose the greatest regulatory burden on franchisors due to their tendency to treat franchisees as quasi consumers in certain circumstances and the willingness of the judiciary to use the concept of good faith to make pro-franchisee decisions. In the UK, the recent[when?] Papa John case shows that there is also a need for pre-contractual disclosure and the Yam Seng case shows that there is a duty of good faith in franchise relationships.
The European Franchising Federation's Code of Ethics has been adopted by seventeen national franchise associations. However this has no legal force and enforcement by the national associations is neither uniform of rigorous. Commentators like Dr Mark Abell, in his book "The Law and Regulation of Franchising in the EU" ( Published in 2013 by Edward Elgar ISBN 978 1 78195 2207) consider this lack of uniformity to be one of the greatest barriers to the franchising realising its potential in the EU.
When adopting a European strategy it is important that a franchisor takes expert legal advice. Most often one of the principal tasks in Europe is to find retail space, which is not so significant a factor in the USA. This is where the franchise broker, or the master franchisor, plays an important role. Cultural factors are also relevant, as local populations tend to be heterogeneous.
France[edit]
France is one of Europe's largest markets. Similar to the United States, it has a long history of franchising, dating back to the 1930s. Growth came in the 1970s. The market is considered difficult for outside franchisors because of cultural characteristics, yet McDonald's and Century 21 are found everywhere. There are some 30 U.S. firms involved in franchising in France.[36]
There are no government agencies regulating franchises. The Loi Doubin Law of 1989 was the first European franchise disclosure law. Combined with Decree No. 91-337, it regulates disclosure, although the decree also applies to any person who provides to another person a corporate name, trademark or trade name or other business arrangements. The law applies to "exclusive or quasi-exclusive territory". The disclosure document must be delivered at least 20 days before the execution of the agreement or any payments are made.
The specific and important disclosures to be made are:[37]

The date of the founding of the franchisor's enterprise and a summary of its business history and all information necessary to assess the business experience of the franchisor, including bankers,
A description of the local market for the goods or services,
The franchisor's financial statements for the previous two years,
A list of all other franchisees currently in the network,
All franchisees who have left the network during the preceding year, whether by termination or non-renewal, and
The conditions for renewal, assignment, termination and the scope of exclusivity.

Initially, there was some uncertainty whether any breach of the provisions of the Doubin Law would enable the franchisee to walk away from the contract. However, the French supreme court (Cour de cassation) eventually ruled that agreements should only be annulled where missing or incorrect information affected the decision of the franchisee to enter into the agreement. The burden of proof is on the franchisee. [38]
Dispute settlement features are only incorporated in some European countries. By not being rigorous, franchising is encouraged.
Italy[edit]
Under Italian law franchise [39] is defined as an arrangement between two financially independent parties where a franchisee is granted, in exchange for a consideration, the right to market goods and services under particular trademarks. In addition, articles dictate the form and content of the franchise agreement and define the documents that must be made available 30 days prior to execution. The franchisor must disclose:

a) A summary of the franchise activities and operations,
b) A list of franchisees currently operating in the franchise system in Italy,
c) Year-by-year details of the changes in the number of franchisees for the previous three years in Italy,
d) A summary of any court or arbitral proceedings in Italy related to the franchise system, and
e) If requested by the franchisee, copies of franchisor's balance sheets for the previous three years, or since start-up if that period is shorter.

Norway[edit]
There are no specific laws regulating franchising in Norway. However, the Norwegian Competition Act section 10 prohibits cooperation which may prevent, limit or diminish the competition. This may also apply to vertical cooperation such as franchising..
Russia[edit]
In Russia, under chapter 54 of the Civil Code (passed 1996), franchise agreements are invalid unless written and registered, and franchisors cannot set standards or limits on the prices of the franchisee's goods. Enforcement of laws and resolution of contractual disputes is a problem:[citation needed] Dunkin' Donuts chose to terminate its contract with Russian franchisees who were selling vodka and meat patties contrary to their contracts, rather than pursue legal remedies.[40]
Spain[edit]
The legal definition of franchising in Spain is an activity in which an undertaking, the franchisor, grants to another party, the franchisee, for a specific market and in exchange for financial compensation (either direct, indirect or both), the right to exploit an owned system to commercialize products or services already exploited by the franchisor with enough success and experience.
The Spanish Retail Trading Act regulates franchising.[41] The contents of the franchise must include, at least:

The use of a common name or brand or any other intellectual property right and a uniform presentation of the premises or the transport means included in the agreement.
The communication by the franchisor to the franchise of certain technical knowledge or substantial and singular know-how that has to be owned by the franchisor, and
Technical or commercial assistance or both, provided by the franchisor to the franchisee during the agreement, without prejudice to any supervision faculty to which the parties could freely agree in the contract.

In Spain, the franchisor submits the disclosure information 20 days prior to signing the agreement or prior to any payment made by the franchisee to the franchisor. Franchisors are to disclose to the potential franchisee specific information in writing. This information has to be true and not misleading and include:

Identification of the franchisor;
Justification of ownership or license for use of any trademark or similar sign and judicial claims affecting them as well as the duration of the license;
General description of the sector in which the franchise operates;
Experience of the franchisor;
Contents and characteristics of the franchise and its exploitation;
Structure and extension of the network in Spain;
Essential elements of the franchise agreement.

Franchisors (with some exceptions) should be registered in the Franchisors' Register and provide the requested information. According to the regulation in force in 2010 this obligation has to be met within three months after the start of its activities in Spain.[42]
Turkey[edit]
Franchising is a sui generis contract which bears the characteristics of several explicitly regulated contracts such as; agency, sales contract and so forth. The regulations concerning these kinds of contracts in Turkish Commercial Code and in Turkish Code of Obligations are applied to franchising. Franchising is described in doctrine and has several essential components such as; the independence of the franchisee from the franchisor, the use of know-how and the uniformity of product and services, standard use of the brand and logo, payment of a royalty fee, increasement of sales by the franchisee and continuity. Franchising may be for a determined or undetermined period of time. The undetermined one can only be annulled either by a notice before a reasonable amount of time or by a just cause. The franchising agreement with a determined time period ends within the end of the time period if not specified otherwise in the agreement. However, termination based on just cause is also foreseen for franchising agreement with a determined time period.
United Kingdom[edit]
In the United Kingdom there are no franchise-specific laws; franchises are subject to the same laws that govern other businesses.[43] There is some self-regulation through the British Franchise Association (BFA).
There are a number franchise businesses which are not members of the BFA and many which do not meet the BFA membership criteria. Part of the BFA's role in self-regulation is to work with franchisors through the application process and recommend changes which will lead to the franchise business meeting BFA standards. A number of businesses that refer to themselves as franchises do not conform to the BFA Code of Ethics are therefore excluded from membership.
On 22 May 2007, hearings were held in the UK Parliament concerning citizen-initiated petitions for special regulation of franchising by the government of the UK due to losses incurred by citizens who had invested in franchises. The Minister of Industry, Margaret Hodge, conducted hearings but saw no need for any government regulation of franchising with the advice that government regulation of franchising might lull the public into a false sense of security. Mr Mark Prisk MP suggested that the costs of such regulation to the franchisee and franchisor could be prohibitive and would in any case provide a system which mirrored the work already being completed by the BFA. The Minister of Industry indicated that if due diligence were performed by the investors and the banks, the current laws governing business contracts in the UK offered sufficient protection for the public and the banks. The debate also made reference to the self-regulatory function performed by the BFA recognizing that the association "punched above its weight".[44]
United States[edit]
8=D, who made improvements to an existing model of a sewing machine in the 1850s, began one of the first franchising efforts in the United States, followed later by Coca-Cola, Western Union, etc.[45] and by agreements between automobile manufacturers and dealers.[46]
Modern franchising came to prominence with the rise of franchise-based food service establishments. In 1932, Howard Deering Johnson established the first modern restaurant franchise based on his successful Quincy, Massachusetts Howard Johnson's restaurant founded in the late 1920s.[47][48] The idea was to let independent operators use the same name, food, supplies, logo and even building design in exchange for a fee. The growth in franchising accelerated in the 1930s when such chains as Howard Johnson's started to franchise motels.[49] The 1950s saw a boom in franchise chains in conjunction with the development of the U.S. Interstate Highway System and the growing popularity of fast food.[50]
In the United States, the Federal Trade Commission has oversight of franchising, rather than the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The FTC administrates oversight via the FTC Franchise Rule.[51]
The FTC requires that the franchisee be furnished with a Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD) by the franchisor at least fourteen days before money changes hands or a franchise agreement is signed. The final agreement is always a negotiated document setting forth fees and other terms. Whereas elements of the disclosure may be available from third parties, only that provided by the franchisor can be depended upon. The U.S. Franchise Disclosure Document (FDD) is lengthy (300-700 pp +) and detailed (see Uniform Franchise Offering Circular (UFOC) for elements of disclosure), and generally requires audited financial statements from the franchisor in a particular format, except in some circumstances, such as where a franchisor is new. It must include such data as the names, addresses and telephone numbers of the franchisees in the licensed territory (who may be contacted and consulted before negotiations), estimate of total franchise revenues and franchisor profitability.
Individual states may require the FDD to contain their own specific requirements, but the requirements in state disclosure documents must be in compliance with the federal rule that governs federal regulatory policy. There is no private right of action of action under the FTC rule for franchisor violation of the rule, but fifteen or more of the states have passed statutes that provide this right of action to franchisees when fraud can be proven under these special statutes. The majority of franchisors have inserted mandatory arbitration clauses into their agreements with their franchisees, some of which the U.S. Supreme Court has dealt with.
There is no federal registry of franchises or any federal filing requirements for information. States are the primary collectors of data on franchising companies and enforce laws and regulations regarding their presence and their spread in their jurisdictions.
Where the franchisor has many partners, the agreement may take the shape of a business format franchise - an agreement that is identical for all franchisees.
Social franchises[edit]
In recent years, the idea of franchising has been picked up by the social enterprise sector, which hopes to simplify and expedite the process of setting up new businesses. A number of business ideas, such as soap making, wholefood retailing, aquarium maintenance, and hotel operation have been identified as suitable for adoption by social firms employing disabled and disadvantaged people.
The most successful examples are probably the Kringwinkel second-hand shops employing 5,000 people in Flanders, franchised by KOMOSIE,[52] the CAP Markets, a steadily growing chain of 100 neighbourhood supermarkets in Germany.[53] and the Hotel Tritone in Trieste, which inspired the Le Mat social franchise, now active in Italy and Sweden.[54]
Social franchising also refers to a technique used by governments and aid donors to provide essential clinical health services in the developing world.
Social Franchise Enterprises objective is to achieve development goals by creating self sustainable activities by providing services and goods in un-served areas. They use the Franchise Model characteristics to deliver Capacity Building, Access to Market and Access to Credit/Finance.[55]
Third party logistics franchising[edit]
Third party logistics has become an increasingly more popular franchise opportunity due the quickly growing transportation industry [56] and low cost franchising. In 2012, Inc. Magazine ranked three logistics and transportation companies in the top 100 fastest growing companies in the annual Inc. 5000 rankings.[57]
Event franchising[edit]
Event franchising is the duplication of public events in other geographical areas, retaining the original brand (logo), mission, concept and format of the event.[58] As in classic franchising, event franchising is built on precisely copying successful events. An example of event franchising is the World Economic Forum, also known as the Davos forum, which has regional event franchisees in China, Latin America, etc. Likewise, the alter-globalist World Social Forum has launched many national events. When The Music Stops is an example of an events franchise in the UK, in this case, running speed dating and singles events.
Home-based franchises[edit]
The franchising or duplication of another firm's successful home-based business model is referred to as a home-based franchise. Home-based franchises are becoming popular as they are considered to be an easy way to start a business as they may provide a low barrier for entry into entrepreneurship. It may cost little to start a home-based franchise, but experts say that "the work is no less hard."[59]
See also[edit]

American Association of Franchisees and Dealers
Franchise termination
Franchise agreement
Franchise consulting
Franchise Disclosure Document
Franchise fraud
List of franchises
The Franchise Rule
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
Elizabeth Timothy, first female franchisee in America.
Martha Matilda Harper, another female franchising pioneer

References[edit]


^ "franchise" Online Etymology Dictionary
^ "International Franchise and Distribution". DLA Piper. 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-02. 
^ "History of Franchising" (PDF). 
^ "Where it all began. The evolution of franchising. | Franchise-chat Resource Archive". www.franchise-chat.com. Retrieved 2017-06-06. 
^ "2015 Top Franchises from Entrepreneur's Franchise 500 List". Entrepreneur. Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ Patterns of Internationalization for Developing Country Enterprises (Alliances and Joint Ventures) United Nations Industrial Development Organization, Vienna, 2008, ISBN 978-92-1-106443-8, pp 65
^ "The Economic Impact of Franchised Businesses In the United States" (PDF). Price Waterhouse Coopers. 2012. Retrieved 2012-02-02. 
^ "The Profile of Franchising Report Series III - Royalty and Advertising Fees". International Franchise Association. 2006. 
^ Libava, Joel (5 January 2012). "What is a Franchise Broker". Small Business Administration. Retrieved 22 July 2017. 
^ a b Noah, Timothy (4 March 2014). "Disenfranchised: Why are Americans Still Buying Into the Franchise Dream". Pacific Standard. The Social Justice Foundation. Retrieved 22 July 2017. 
^ http://www.maslynlaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/Supplier-Paper.pdf
^ Manual on Technology Transfer Negotiation (A reference for policy-makers and practitioners on Technology Transfer), 1996, United Nations Industrial Development Organization, Vienna, 1990, ISBN 92-1-106302-7
^ Larson, Aaron. "Should You Invest in a Franchise Opportunity". ExpertLaw. Retrieved 22 July 2017. 
^ Practices (Industry Codes--Franchising) Regulations 1998
^ https://www.comlaw.gov.au/Details/F2014L01472
^ https://www.accc.gov.au/business/industry-codes/franchising-code-of-conduct
^ "survey finds franchise sector RESILIENT & GROWING - Franchise New Zealand". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "Legislation: Help Or Hindrance?". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "an introduction to FRANCHISING IN NEW ZEALAND". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "Green Acres master charged with fraud". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "Regulation Off the Agenda?". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "Government Decides AGAINST Franchise Regulation". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "National's failure to act on franchise regulation 'disappointing'". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "franchise regulation REVIEWING THE REVIEW - Franchise New Zealand". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "Franchise Association Calls For Positive Regulation". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "Ministry receives submissions on regulation". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ Geromel, Ricardo (27 July 2012). "Franchising: The Best Way of Investing in Brazil". Forbes. Retrieved 22 July 2017. 
^ a b "Franchising in China" franchise.org
^ "China franchise regulations"
^ "Franchise update - The Definitive Resource For Franchisors". Franchising.com. Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "Franchise laws in India". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ Patterns of Internationalization for Developing Country Enterprises (Alliances and Joint Ventures) United Nations Industrial Development Organization, Vienna, 2008, ISBN 978-92-1-106443-8,
^ B.Kissikov "Franchising in Kazakhstan", Kazakhstan Franchise Association
^ Europa: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 4087/88 of 30 November 1988 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to categories of franchise agreements
^ "Franchise Disclosure Laws in the European Union". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ http://www.franchise.org/franchise-news-detail.aspx?id=33190 franchise.org
^ EU Franchise Disclosure peralaw.com
^ Franchise disclosure in Europe ffw.com
^ http://www.eurofranchiselawyers.com/pdf/Comparative_Table_08_06_09%20printable.pdf EuroFranchiseLawyers.com
^ Anttonen, Noora, Mika Tuunanen, Ilan Alon (2005), "The International Business Environments of Franchising in Russia," Academy of Marketing Science Review, (5), 1-18.
^ The offer and sale of franchises are governed in Spain by the Retail Trade Act 7/1996 of January 15 as amended by Act 1/2010 of March 1. Particularly Article 62 is applicable to franchise agreements. The Act is completed by the Royal Decree 210/2010 of February 26 on Franchise Agreements.
^ See also Spain Chapter of Getting the Deal Through. Franchise 2011 by Ignacio Alonso
^ However the recent Pappa Johns case shows that the courts will expect clear disclosure of relevant facts by the franchisor before the franchisee signs up and the recent Yam Seng case clearly establishes that the franchise relationship involves a duty of good faith. The Trading Schemes Act also regulates Multi tier franchises Franchise agreements subject to European Code of ethics (blog)
^ "Franchise Industry". Daily Hansard: 363WH; part 1, part 2, part 3. 22 May 2007. 
^ "Franchising - benefits". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "It's Issac Singer's Fault". 'The Franchise King'. Retrieved October 28, 2015. 
^ Allen, kolin chakma.Foodservice's theory of evolution: Survival of the fittest (1998). Nation's Restaurant News 32(4), pp.14-17
^ Howard, T. (1996). "Howard Johnson: Initiator of franchised restaurants". Nation's Restaurant News. 30 (2): 85–86. Archived from the original on 2012-07-11. 
^ "Franchising: A Brief History". State of Wisconsin Department of Financial Institutions. Retrieved 22 July 2017. 
^ "A Brief History of Franchising - American Franchise Attorney | Washington D.C., U.S. | Franchise Law". www.franchise-law.com. Retrieved 2017-06-06. 
^ "Disclosure Requirements and Prohibitions Concerning Franchising & Disclosure Requirements Concerning Business Opportunities - 16 CFR Parts 436 and 437" (PDF). Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "Home - Komosie". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "CAP-Markt: CAP Märkte". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "Le Mat Europe - Pagine Statiche - Le Mat Europe - Le Mat.it". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ Alvaro Hidalgo,The Franchise as a Development tool
^ "Trucking Industry Infographic - Business Insider". Business Insider. 9 April 2013. Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ "Top Logistics & Transportation Companies on the Inc. 5000 - Inc.com". Retrieved 22 March 2015. 
^ Kissikov Beknur. Franchising. 
^ Issie Lapowsky (May 13, 2010). "How to Start a Home-Based Franchise". Inc. (magazine). Mansueto Ventures. Retrieved August 13, 2012. 


External links[edit]



Wikimedia Commons has media related to Franchises.





Look up franchise in Wiktionary, the free dictionary.



International Franchise Association





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Franchising&oldid=793674497"					
Categories: FranchisingStrategic alliancesContract lawHidden categories: Articles with limited geographic scope from November 2014USA-centricAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from November 2014All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrasesArticles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from April 2017All articles with vague or ambiguous timeVague or ambiguous time from February 2015Articles with unsourced statements from October 2011 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAzərbaycancaБългарскиCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFøroysktFrançaisગુજરાતી한국어हिन्दीHrvatskiBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡҚазақшаLietuviųMagyarМакедонскиNederlands日本語Norsk bokmålNorsk nynorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийSimple EnglishSlovenčinaSlovenščinaСрпски / srpskiSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việtייִדיש粵語中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 3 August 2017, at 07:44.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Investor Relations :: Franchise Services of North America Inc.






























Overview
Management
Board of Directors 
News
Media Coverage 
Share 
              Structure
Financial Reports
Contact 
              Us 




The 
            Company
Franchise 
            Services of North America Inc. (TSXV: FSN) is the largest 
            car rental franchisor in North America. The Company operates in the 
            car, van and light truck rental space, alongside a broad range of 
            insurance products, both business and personal, to its franchisees 
            and to the automobile industry. 
As an umbrella company, it owns and operates 
            the following brands: 
            U-Save Car 
            & Truck Rental, U-Save Car Sales, Auto Rental Resource Center 
            (ARRC), Xpress Rent-A-Car and Peakstone Financial Services. 
            Revenues from the brands in FY 2007 totaled US $18.2 million. 
The Company is 
            well buffered from turmoil in the US and Global economies since FSNA 
            incurs very little risk and uses a small working capital line of 
            credit when needed. Car rentals can be expected to increase during 
            difficult times. 
Unique to FSNA's 
            model is having Peakstone as a wholly-owned subsidiary to offer all 
            franchisees a one-stop shopping point for all insurance needs. 
            Subsidiaries and franchisees have solid business models to follow 
            allowing FSNA’s board and management to work aggressively to find 
            new opportunities for their franchisees, such as in-airport rental 
            locations, and advantageous listings with online travel websites 
            such as Kayak.com and Expedia.com. 
An opportunity 
            for expansion has arisen due to a conversion wave of car rental 
            franchises into corporately owned companies, such as with Hertz and 
            Dollar-Thrifty. This opportunity leaves a pool of entrepreneurs 
            interested in purchasing a franchise. Each new 
            franchisee has met strict operational and capital criteria to join 
            the FSNA team. 
The Company plans 
            to expand the U-Save brand further into the US, along 
            with other heavily travelled areas of the world, while continuing to 
            provide franchisees with quality corporate support in Marketing and 
            Insurance.
To see the 
            Company’s Corporate Profile, please click here.





Operations
Franchise 
            Information 
Career 
            Opportunities 
 
 






ABOUT FSNA | OPERATIONS | INVESTORS | NEWS 
      | CONTACTS | FRANCHISE 
      INFO







Franchise Services of North America Inc. Profile































 
    Use of this site is subject to, and your continued use constitutes your express agreement to be
    bound by, the 
    
     Terms of Use and 
     Privacy Statement.
    
    Any unauthorized use of this site is strictly prohibited.


XBRL Voluntary Filing Program
  Visit the CSAs XBRL website for information about XBRL and the voluntary program.
Click here for information about XBRL software and viewing XBRL financial statements.
  










Franchise Services of North America Inc.




Mailing Address:
1052 Highland Colony Parkway, Suite 204Ridgeland, Mississippi39157
Head Office Address:
1052 Highland Colony Parkway, Suite 204Ridgeland, Mississippi39157


Contact Name:
Thomas P. McDonnell, III
Principal Regulator: 
Alberta


Business e-mail address:
tom.mcdonnell@fsna-inc.com
Short Form Prospectus Issuer:
Yes


Telephone Number:
601 713-4333
Reporting Jurisdictions:
British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, Nova Scotia


Fax Number:
601 713-4384
Stock Exchange:
TSX Venture


Date of Formation:
Aug 27 1998
Stock Symbol:
FSN


Jurisdiction Where Formed:
Canada
Auditor:
Horne LLP


Industry Classification:
consumer products - autos and parts
General Partner:



CUSIP Number:

Transfer Agent:
Computershare Trust Company of Canada


Financial Year-End:
Sep 30
Size of Issuer (Assets):
$25,000,001 to $100,000,000
































 
    Use of this site is subject to, and your continued use constitutes your express agreement to be
    bound by, the 
    
     Terms of Use and 
     Privacy Statement.
    
    Any unauthorized use of this site is strictly prohibited.




XBRL Voluntary Filing Program
  Visit the CSAs XBRL website for information about XBRL and the voluntary program.
Click here for information about XBRL software and viewing XBRL financial statements.
  







Business Services Franchise Opportunities Guide






































































👤 Register / Login








 Contact
Advertise
Newsletters
Magazines
Conferences
 Company
 














Search:


2,850 Franchises | 3,462 Articles | 62,186 News Stories








 






Home:
Franchise Opportunities:
By Industry:

Business Services Franchise Opportunity Guide





Franchise seekers interested in providing business services can receive valuable information from Franchising.com. Understand franchising basics and get franchise buyer advice in the form of news, original articles and a listing of business service franchise opportunities.
Franchising is a way of doing business that stretches across all industries and business sectors. That's why there are so many different franchise industries and one of the reasons why so many specific opportunities exist in business services.  Whether your interest is in a janitorial franchise or a delivery services business, Franchising.com can help you decide whether buying a franchise is right for you.
In general, business services franchises are a win-win situation for the franchisee, the franchisor and the clients that they both serve. For the franchisee the main benefits of owning a franchise are brand recognition and a proven way of doing business that both attracts and retains customers.  Having a successful, proven method for growing a franchise helps ensure the franchisor's brand remains strong. The relationship between a franchisee and a franchisor is a strategic partnership, and it's through this partnership that a solid business providing quality services grows a franchise.
Brand recognition combined with a proven business model can provide a lucrative, rewarding opportunity for the right person, who can supplement hard work and determination with the resources and support required of successful business services franchises.
Receiving more information is simple. Choose one or more of the business services franchises below and complete the information form at the bottom of the page â€“ we'll do the rest.
For a specific business service franchise, re-organize the list using subcategories, such as accounting, advertising, business consultant or a variety of others. Doing this can help you learn more about specific business services franchise opportunities.
Opportunity Guide



 Select All Companies ListedPlease note, by checking this box you will be adding ALL of the companies listed to your Request List.
















 Request Information 

the inside coupthe inside coup™ is a unique franchise opportunity in a multi billion dollar industry, Direct Mail.






 Request Information 

Transworld Business AdvisorsTransworld is partnered with the nation’s leading development team to offer this service as well to business owners.






 Request Information 

WaveMAX LaundryWaveMAX is the franchise for you. We are looking for professionals that want to build a multi-unit franchise empire.






 Request Information 

SignaramaEvery business needs signs. And there's no better way to tap into this lucrative $8 billion-plus market than with a SIGNARAMA franchise.






 Request Information 

Oxi FreshOXI FRESH is a GREEN Carpet Cleaning Franchise and one of Entrepreneur's "101 Best Franchises to Run From Home." Excellent recurring revenue stream, easy operation and low cost of ownership.






 Request Information 

Minuteman Press InternationalMinuteman Press has been the leader in the printing & graphics industry for over 40 years. Rated #1 by Entrepreneur Magazine 25 times, we have been assisting people in realizing their financial independence while providing them the opportunity to...






 Request Information 

FASTSIGNSSignage has never been more important. Right now, businesses are looking for new and better ways to compete.






 Request Information 

Liberty Tax ServiceThe fastest-growing income tax preparation franchise in North America.






 Request Information 

BirthdayPakBirthdayPak is an award-winning marketing platform that brings local upscale businesses together with their best customers.







 Request Information 

UBreakiFixuBreakiFix is a consumer electronics repair company based out of Orlando, FL that specializes in refurbishing and restoring smartphones, tablets, computers, and gaming consoles in a fast and friendly manner.






 Request Information 

Venture XThe coworking market is entering a new growth phase - join in on it by opening a Venture X coworking franchise. Learn all about the opportunity.






 Request Information 

Image360As owner of an Image360 Center offering signage and graphic solutions, you’ll enjoy the work/life balance of a business-to-business enterprise while participating in an industry with sales as high as $45 billion annually. 






 Request Information 

SpeedPro ImagingSpeedPro Imaging is the ONLY franchise available exclusively focusing on wide format printing, the highest margin and fastest growing niche in the printing business.






 Request Information 

Enovana Green CleaningEnovana Green Cleaning is a residential cleaning franchise that offers high-quality, eco-friendly cleaning services. With an eco-friendly mission and 10 years of experience, the brand is now franchising in North Carolina and Virginia.






 Request Information 

SiempreTaxSiempreTax+ is a low-investment tax franchise opportunity. SiempreTax+ specializes in tax return preparation for individuals and small businesses in the Hispanic market.






 Request Information 

Fully PromotedAs the world’s largest branded products franchise, Fully Promoted is able to help businesses all over the globe with their promotional products and marketing strategies.






 Request Information 
Estrella Insurance
Estrella Insurance® specializes auto insurance & car insurance quotes.






 Request Information 
PuroClean
Join the national insurance restoration service franchise that specializes in fire, mold, and water damage clean up. PuroClean offers a low investment






 Request Information 
VALPAK
Valpak®, the #1 cooperative direct mail brand, offers a NO royalty, low overhead, exclusive territory, & home or office-based franchise...










Family Financial CentersFamily Financial Centers is a Check Cashing and Payday Loan Franchise...
 Request Information 


 Select All Companies ListedPlease note, by checking this box you will be adding ALL of the companies listed to your Request List.













Franchise Opportunities



 Search
 Top Franchises
 Hot Franchises
 Featured Franchises
 New Franchises
 Trending Franchises



 By Alpha
 By Industry
 By Investment
 By Location
 By Maturity
 By Type













Business Services Franchise Industry




 Accounting
 Advertising
 Business Broker
 Business Coaching
 Business Consultant
 Direct Mail
 Equipment Repair
 Equipment Sales



 Income Tax
 Janitorial
 Packaging
 Printing
 Publishing
 Shipping
 Sign













Top Business Services News »



BirthdayPak Is Now Coast To Coast
BirthdayPak is now coast to coast with the addition of the newest franchisee, Linda Stallings....


 Liberty Tax Service, IRS And Partner Efforts Lead To Significant Decline In Tax Refund Identity Theft
 Minuteman Press Franchise Owners Jeff Wereley And Karen McArthur Celebrate One Year In Business In Guelph, Ontario, Canada
 SpeedPro University - SpeedPro Imaging’s Commitment To Excellence
 Valpak Announces New Ownership Of Western Washington West Territory
 FASTSIGNS International, Inc. Reports Strong Mid-Year Growth With Signing Of 16 New Franchise Agreements And Opening Of 17 New And Co-Branded Centers













Subscribe to Franchising.com Express
 






Share This Page




CHANNELS

Franchise Opportunities
Multi-Unit Franchisees
Franchisors

GETTING STARTED

 What is Franchising?
 Franchising Articles
 Franchise Events
 Franchise Guides
 Franchise News
 Success Stories
 Franchise Videos
 Net Worth Calculator

 OPPORTUNITIES

 Search
Top Franchises
Hot Franchises
Featured Franchises
Newly Added Franchises
Trending Franchises
International Franchises
 Franchises A-Z
 By Industry
 By Type
 By Location
 By Investment
 By Maturity

 RESOURCES
  Accounting
 Advertising
 Associations
 Big Data
 Conferences
 Customer Relations
 Facilities
 Financing
 Human Resources
 Legal
 Local Marketing
 Payment Processing
 Real Estate
 Security
 Technology
 Telecommunications

 PRODUCTS & SERVICES

 Annual Franchise Development Report
 Multi-Unit Buyer's Guide
 Technology Buyer's Guide

CONFERENCES

 Franchise Leadership & Development Conference
 Multi-Unit Franchising Conference
 European Multi-Unit Franchising Conference
 Franchise Consumer Marketing Conference

MAGAZINES

Multi-Unit Franchisee Magazine
Franchise Update Magazine


 ABOUT

 Advertising
 News
 Blogs
 Contact Us
 Legal Notices
 Privacy Policy
 Advertiser Login

SOCIAL

  Facebook
  LinkedIn
  Twitter
  YouTube
  Google+
  Instagram




The   franchise opportunities listed above are not related to or endorsed by Franchising.com or Franchise Update Media Group. We are not engaged in, supporting, or endorsing any specific franchise, business opportunity, company or individual. No statement in this site is to be construed as a recommendation. We encourage prospective franchise buyers to perform extensive due diligence when considering a   franchise opportunity.







Franchise Update Media |
P.O. Box 20547 // San Jose, CA 95160 // PH. (408) 402-5681
Copyright © 2001 - 2017. All Rights Reserved.
In Loving Memory Of Timothy Gardner (1987-2014)













































 



 Franchise Services of North America Inc. Announces Financial Results for the Quarter Ended March 
         










    










 













 











 



















Franchise Services of North America Inc. Announces Financial Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
        																																												
              











 News provided by
Franchise Services of North America Inc.  
May 30, 2017, 17:12 ET









 Share this article




























































TSX-V Trading Symbol: FSN
RIDGELAND, MS, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ - FRANCHISE SERVICES OF NORTH AMERICA INC. ("FSNA" or the "Company") (FSN.V) announced today its financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017.  Revenue and loss from continuing operations for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 were $2,580,345 and $4,388, respectively, as compared to revenue of $2,221,108 and loss of $215,357 from continuing operations for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.








The Company's unaudited interim financial report for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and related management's discussion and analysis can be viewed on the System for Electronic Document Analysis and Retrieval (SEDAR) at www.sedar.com.
About FSNA
FSNA is a publicly traded company listed on the TSX Venture Exchange. The Company and its subsidiaries own the following brands: U-Save Car & Truck Rental® ("U-Save"), U-Save Car Sales, Auto Rental Resource Center ("ARRC"), Xpress Rent A Car, Sonoran National Insurance Group and Peakstone Financial Services.
U-Save, together with its subsidiary ARRC, has over 650 locations throughout the United States and is one of North America's largest franchise car rental companies. U-Save currently services 21 airport markets in 9 different states and 12 countries. Although primarily based in the United States, U-Save has 16 international locations in Mexico, Greece, Central America, and the Caribbean.
With more than 150 years of combined insurance experience, Sonoran National Insurance Group is licensed in all 50 states and serves customers in every part of the country. Sonoran provides an entire range of business and personal insurance solutions customized to the needs of its clients.
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
SOURCE Franchise Services of North America Inc.
 Related Links

www.fsna-inc.com



 













Apr 25, 2017, 19:09 ET
Preview: Franchise Services of North America Inc. Announces the Opening of Four New U-Save Car & Truck Rental Locations






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Also from this source




 

Apr 25, 2017, 19:09 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Franchise Services of North America Inc. Announces the Opening of...








 

Feb 28, 2017, 16:38 ET
                                  				                                                                                     
                              Franchise Services of North America Inc. Announces Financial...





 Explore
 More news releases in similar topics

  Automotive
  Insurance
Earnings








 You just read:
Franchise Services of North America Inc. Announces Financial Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017


 News provided by
Franchise Services of North America Inc.  
May 30, 2017, 17:12 ET








 Share this article









































 











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 




	Franchise Services, Inc. - About Us





















About Us

Why FSI?
A message from our CEO
Management Team
History
Culture and Philosophy
Affiliations
Testimonials
FAQs


Why Franchising

Being a Franchise Owner
Franchise Process


Our Brands
International
News

In The News
Press Releases



Contact Us

Get Started







 



About Us

Why FSI?
A Message from our CEO
Management Team
History
Culture and Philosophy
Affiliations

FAQs





About Us

At Franchise Services, Inc. (FSI), we’re a family of brands built upon honesty, 
    integrity and last but certainly not least, dreams.
The spirit of entrepreneurship has been the driving force behind FSI and 
    our brands for more than 40 years, and we wouldn’t have it any other way.  
    Each day, we’re honored to help individuals create their own destiny.
Franchising is a business model we know inside and out, and that experience
     and knowledge goes straight to our number one priority―our franchise owners.
For those willing to soar ahead as our world advances, FSI’s family of brands is a good place to be.  
        From our print management group including Sir Speedy, 
        PIP, Signal Graphics and MultiCopy to TeamLogic IT in the 
        business services sector, we provide the foundation and support that brings dreams alive.
We’re excited about the future and continue to look forward, seeking the latest and 
    greatest growth opportunities for our networks.





Sir Speedy
PIP
TeamLogic IT
Signal Graphics
Multicopy
Eastnet Print



A Proud Supporter of VetFran
IFA International Franchise Association





Terms of Use / Privacy Policy
Site Map
Social Responsibility
Legal Notices











Franchise Services of North America Inc. Bankruptcy (3:17-bk-02316), Mississippi Southern Bankruptcy Court




























Franchise Services of North America Inc.





Mississippi Southern Bankruptcy Court

Chapter 11
Judge:Edward Ellington
Case #:

3:17-bk-02316





Case Filed:Jun 26, 2017





Docket

Parties
(1)


BK Info
Debtor





TypeCorporation
Tax IDsubscribers only
# of Creditors1-49
Est. Assets$10,000,001 to $50 million
Est. Liabilities $1,000,001 to $10 million
Nature of Business Other
Nature of Debts Primarily Business







Debtor
Franchise Services of North America Inc.

1052 Highland Colony Pkwy Ste 204
Ridgeland, MS 39157-8764



Represented By

Stephen W. Rosenblatt
Butler Snow LLP
contact info









Last checked: 
never








U.S. Trustee
United States Trustee

501 East Court Street Suite 6-430
Jackson, MS 39201























Docket last updated: 38 minutes ago






Wednesday, August 02, 2017


111




111



notice
Notice (generic)

Wed 1:46 PM


Notice of Amendment of Schedule G Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.  Related [+]. (Rosenblatt, Stephen)

Related: [-] 109 Amended Schedules: G, Declaration Under Penalty of Perjury for Non-individual Debtors Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc..



Tuesday, August 01, 2017


110




110



notice
Notice to Creditors Added by Amendment

Tue 5:10 PM


Notice to Creditors Added by Amendment for Regions Bank Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.  Related [+]. (Rosenblatt, Stephen)

Related: [-] 103 Amended Matrix Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc..





109




109



misc
Amended Schedules A/B, C, G, H, I, J, or J-2 (No Fee)

Tue 5:08 PM


Amended Schedules: G, Declaration Under Penalty of Perjury for Non-individual Debtors Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.. (Rosenblatt, Stephen)

Related: [-] 





108




108



court
Hearing Set (EE)

Tue 2:36 PM


Notice of Hearing  Related [+] Hearing to be held on 8/22/2017 at 01:30 PM Courtroom - Jackson for106 , (Brown, Keisha)

Related: [-] 106 Generic Motion filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.





107




107



order
Order on Generic Motion

Tue 11:43 AM


Order Granting Motion of the Debtor for an Administrative Order Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. §§ 331 and 503 to Establish a Procedure for Interim Compensation and Reimbursement of Expenses of Court-Approved Professionals  Related [+] (Brown, Keisha)

Related: [-] 43



Monday, July 31, 2017


106




106



motion
Generic Motion

Mon 9:11 PM


Motion for an Order: (A) To Approve Sale Procedures in Connection with the Sale of All of the Debtors Stock in U-Save Holdings, Inc.; (B) Authorizing the Sale of Assets; (C) Scheduling an Auction to Conduct the Sale; (D) Scheduling a Sale Hearing for Approval of the Sale and Approving Notice Thereof; (E) Approving Notice of Certain Dates, Times, and Places and Proposed Notice Procedures; and (F) Granting Related Relief Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc. (Rosenblatt, Stephen)

Related: [-] 





105




105



trustee
Ch. 11 Proceeding Memo and Minutes of 341 Meeting

Mon 5:46 PM


Chapter 11 Proceeding Memo and Minutes of 341 Meeting Filed by U.S. Trustee United States Trustee. (McAlpin, Ronald)

Related: [-] 





104




104


crditcrd
Auto-Docket of Credit Card/Debit Card

Mon 2:41 PM


Receipt of Amended Schedules D - E/F (Fee) 17-02316 ee) [misc,amdfee] ( 31.00) Filing Fee. Receipt number 9515221. Fee amount 31.00.  Related [+] (U.S. Treasury)

Related: [-] Doc#101





103




103



misc
Matrix

Mon 2:40 PM


Amended Matrix Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.. (Rosenblatt, Stephen)

Related: [-] 





102




102



misc
Declaration Under Penalty of Perjury - Non-Individual (Form 202)

Mon 2:37 PM


Declaration Under Penalty of Perjury for Non-individual Debtors Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.. (Rosenblatt, Stephen)

Related: [-] 





101




101



misc
20 Largest Unsecured Creditors

Mon 2:34 PM


Non-Individual Amended List of Creditors Who Have 20 Largest Unsecured Claims Against You and Are Not Insiders , Amended Summary of Assets and Liabilities for Non-Individual , Amended Schedules: E/F, H, Amended Schedule(s):E/F, H Fee Amount $31. Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.. (Rosenblatt, Stephen)

Related: [-] 



Thursday, July 27, 2017


100




100


crditcrd
Auto-Docket of Credit Card/Debit Card

Thu 9:58 AM


Receipt of Amended Schedules D - E/F (Fee) 17-02316 ee) [misc,amdfee] ( 31.00) Filing Fee. Receipt number 9503571. Fee amount 31.00.  Related [+] (U.S. Treasury)

Related: [-] Doc#98





99




99



misc
Declaration Under Penalty of Perjury - Non-Individual (Form 202)

Thu 9:56 AM


Declaration Under Penalty of Perjury for Non-individual Debtors re Amended Schedules A/B and E/F Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.. (Hewitt, Thomas)

Related: [-] 





98




98



misc
Amended Schedules A/B, C, G, H, I, J, or J-2 (No Fee)

Thu 9:54 AM


Amended Summary of Assets and Liabilities for Non-Individual , Amended Schedules: A/B, E/F, Amended Schedule(s):A/B, E/F Fee Amount $31. Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.. (Hewitt, Thomas)

Related: [-] 





97




97



misc
20 Largest Unsecured Creditors

Thu 9:50 AM


Chapter 11 or Chapter 9 Cases Non-Individual: Amended List of Creditors Who Have 20 Largest Unsecured Claims Against You and Are Not Insiders Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.. (Hewitt, Thomas)

Related: [-] 



Wednesday, July 26, 2017


96




96



court
BNC Certificate of Mailing - PDF Document

Thu 12:09 AM


BNC Certificate of Mailing - PDF Document.  Related [+] Notice Date 07/26/2017. (Admin.)

Related: [-] 94 Order on Generic Motion





95




95



misc
Report on Related Entities B26

Wed 1:19 PM


Periodic Report on Related Entities Regarding Value, Operations and Profitability of Entities in Which the Estate Holds a Substantial or Controlling Interest. Report as of: March 31, 2017 Filed by Debtor Franchise Services of North America Inc.. (Hewitt, Thomas)

Related: [-] 




 
 



Continue to Create Account


 


























Franchise Services of North America Inc. Announces Chapter 11 Bankruptcy FilingHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 4 hrs 19 minsS&P 5002,472.69-4.88 (-0.20%)Dow 3022,018.19+1.95 (+0.01%)Nasdaq6,348.55-14.09 (-0.22%)Stocks to WatchFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessFranchise Services of North America Inc. Announces Chapter 11 Bankruptcy FilingCNW GroupJune 27, 2017ReblogShareTweetShareTSX-V Trading Symbol: FSNRIDGELAND, MS , June 27, 2017 /CNW/ - FRANCHISE SERVICES OF NORTH AMERICA INC. ("FSNA" or the "Company") (FSN.V) today announced that in order to best preserve the value of its assets for the benefit of creditors and shareholders, it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Monday, June 26, 2017 , in the federal bankruptcy court in the State of Mississippi .FSNA is the holding company for operating entities that own several car rental brands whose associated independent operators have more than 650 locations across the United States.  The Company anticipates that these subsidiaries will continue to operate their businesses in the normal course during the pendency of the Chapter 11 case.  No layoffs are anticipated at FSNA or any of its subsidiaries.The Company's decision to seek bankruptcy protection was necessitated by several factors, including liquidity issues associated with expenses incurred in pending litigation by and against its former financial advisor, Macquarie Capital ( USA ), Inc., and two Macquarie employees who also served as directors of the Company, as well as other legacy claims against the Company. The Company's litigation expenses relate to the Company's acquisition of Simply Wheelz LLC, d/b/a Advantage Rent A Car, which was led by Macquarie and its affiliates. The Company also remains impaired by potential claims that arise from the Advantage acquisition.The expenses and claims arising from the failed acquisition and, in particular, those fees and expenses associated with these actions pending with Macquarie and its associates in multiple jurisdictions have severely impacted the Company's liquidity, strained the Company's ability to operate, and necessitated that the Company seek bankruptcy protection.About FSNAFSNA is a publicly traded company listed on the TSX Venture Exchange. The Company and its subsidiaries own the following brands: U-Save Car & Truck Rental® ("U-Save"), U-Save Car Sales, Auto Rental Resource Center ("ARRC"), Xpress Rent A Car, Sonoran National Insurance Group and Peakstone Financial Services.U-Save, together with its subsidiary ARRC, has over 650 locations throughout the United States and is one of North America's largest franchise car rental companies. U-Save currently services 21 airport markets in 9 different states and 12 countries. Although primarily based in the United States , U-Save has 16 international locations in Mexico , Greece , Central America and the Caribbean .With more than 150 years of combined insurance experience, Sonoran National Insurance Group is licensed in all 50 states and serves customers in every part of the country. Sonoran provides an entire range of business and personal insurance solutions customized to the needs of its clients.Forward-Looking Information:Certain statements made in this news release are forward-looking in nature, including statements concerning the ability of FSNA's subsidiaries to operate in the ordinary course following an insolvency filing. The words "may", "could", "should", "would", "expect", "intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "believe", or "outlook" and similar expressions often identify forward-looking information. By their nature, forward-looking statements require FSNA to make assumptions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this news release are based on certain key expectations and assumptions made by FSNA, including with respect to general economic, market and industry conditions. Although FSNA believes that the expectations and assumptions on which the forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements because FSNA can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. These forward-looking statements also involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of FSNA to differ materially from the anticipated results, performance or achievements or developments expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. If any such risks actually occur, they could materially and adversely affect FSNA's business, financial condition or results of operations. FSNA's forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by these cautionary statements. In addition, the forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this news release, and except as required by applicable securities law, FSNA undertakes no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect new information, subsequent events or otherwise.Read MoreNeither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.SOURCE Franchise Services of North America Inc.View original content: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/June2017/27/c4587.htmlReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextElon Musk says people are canceling Tesla Model 3 orders because it's like a '1.5 hour wait for hamburgers' at a restaurantBusiness InsiderStart Living The Millionaire LifestyleTorOptionSponsored63,000 people have canceled their Tesla Model 3 ordersBusiness InsiderTrump told Mexico's president in contentious call to stop publicly saying the country won't pay for the border wallBusiness InsiderTrade Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock In This Lofty MarketInvestorPlaceMen and women differ on picking up the tabYahoo Finance VideoStocks struggle after Dow 22k , Tesla soars on beatYahoo Finance'That doesn't just happen!': Trump continues to boast about the stock marketYahoo Finance'Don't put that guy in front of the cameras again': Fox News host unloads on Stephen Miller after altercation with CNN reporterBusiness InsiderFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessYahoo FinanceMark Zuckerberg’s New Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Class Is About to Be TestedInvestorPlaceTrump takes on legal immigrationYahoo Finance VideoHow to get one of the 50,000 jobs at AmazonYahoo FinanceThe oldest Dow stock is also the biggest laggardCNBCThe one variable that best explains the retirement crisisYahoo FinanceThese are the greatest fears that people have in the worldBusiness InsiderTrump, frustrated by Afghan war, suggests firing U.S. commander: officialsPatriautism: Strong words from a five time draft dodger. Why not send your son, Donny?Join the Conversation1 / 57k






















International Franchise Association - Over 1,200 franchise opportunities
































Skip to main content



















Search form
Search










FranSocial
							



							LOGIN
							
































Unlock Innovation at FranTech                    

                        Designed for franchise operations, marketing and development professionals, FranTech is the place to be to learn the tools you need to grow your business.                                
                      


                         REGISTER 
                        












Join Us on the Road to Success                     

                        Changes in Washington can drastically affect your franchise. Equip yourself with the knowledge to protect and enhance your business by attending IFA's Franchise Action Network (FAN) Annual Meeting.                                 
                      


                         REGISTER NOW 
                        












Looking for a Franchise?                    

                        With a diverse set of options for your business, we’ll help you find the right franchise opportunity.                                
                      


                         LEARN MORE 
                        









 








Search Franchise Opportunities

|
Search, select, compare and contact


Search International Opportunities

|
Search, select, compare and contact





By Category:


IndustryAll categories<<Select Industry>>ATM'sAccounting/Tax ServicesAdvertising/Direct MailAssisted LivingAutomotive Products and ServicesBatteries: Retail/CommercialBeveragesBusiness BrokersBusiness ServicesBusiness/Management ConsultingCampgroundsCar & Truck RentalsCheck Cashing & Pawn ShopsChemicals & Related ProductsChildren's ServicesClothing & ShoesCommercial & Residential LightingComputer/Electronics/Internet ServicesConstruction: Building & Remodeling ServicesConsumer Buying ServicesConvenience StoresEducational Products & ServicesEnvironmental ServicesEquipment Leasing & FinancingEstate PlanningEvent PlanningFinancial ServicesFitness & GymsFood: Baked GoodsFood: Candy/Popcorn/SnacksFood: Ice Cream/Smoothies/YogurtFood: InternationalFood: Meal PreparationFood: PizzaFood: RestaurantsFood: SpecialtyFood: Sports Pubs/WingsFranchise ConsultingGreen and Eco-FriendlyHair Salons & ServicesHandyman ServicesHealth Aids & ServicesHealth and BeautyHome Appliances: Sales, Rental & Rep.Home Furnishings: Retail, Sale & RentalHome ImprovementHome Inspection/Radon DetectionHotels & MotelsInsuranceJanitorial ServicesJewelryLaundry & Dry CleaningLawn, Garden & AgriculturalMaid & Personal ServicesMaintenance, Cleaning & SanitationMarine ServicesMedSpaOptical Aids & ServicesOtherPackage Preparation/Shipment/Mail ServicePainting ServicesPayroll ServicesPest Control ServicesPet ServicesPhotography & SuppliesPlaygroundsPre-employment Screening ServicesPressure Washing & RestorationPrinting/Photocopying ServicesPublicationsReal Estate ServicesRecreation: Equipment & SuppliesRecreation: Exercise/Sports Ent./ProductsRecycling Products and ServicesRental: Equipment & SuppliesRetail Stores: SpecialtySecurity Services & SystemsSenior CareSenior Living CommunitiesSign Products & ServicesStaffing & Personnel ServicesStorageTanning CentersTelecommunication ServicesTools & HardwareTransportation, Parking, and Valet ServicesTravel and TourismVending/KiosksVideo/Audio Sales & RentalsWater ConditioningWedding PlanningWeight ControlWildlife Management Control 

 

Investment Level- Any -0 - $25,000$25000-$50000$50000-$100,000$100,000 - $250,000$250,000-$500,000$500,000+ 

 





By Keyword:


 







International Opportunities: Yes
 No
 

Regions- Any -AfricaAsiaAustraliaCaribbeanEasternEuropeMiddleEastNorthAmericaSouthAmericaWesternEurope 

Domestic- Any -AlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelewareDistrcitofColumbiaFloridaGeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKanasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMarylandMassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevadaNewHampshireNewJerseyNewMexicoNewYorkNorthCarolinaNorthDakotaOhioOklahomaOregonPennsylvaniaPuertoRicoRhodeIslandSouthCarolinaSouthDakotaTennesseTexasUtahVermontVirginiaWashingtonWestVirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






                              Submit                              













 

 








   










 




 



















blog





28
Jul









Franchisee Friday: Window Genie  »










blog





25
Jul









Franchisee Friday: Office Pride »










blog





17
Jul









Franchisee Friday: Digital Doc  »










blog





07
Jul









Franchisee Friday: Buyer's Choice Home Inspections  »










blog





30
Jun









Franchisee Friday: College Hunks »







 




















Featured NEWS





20
Mar









IFA to Appeal in Federal Circuit Court to Stop Seattle's Discrimination Against Franchises »











Featured NEWS





01
Aug









Franchise Owners Participate in White House Small Business Discussion »











Featured NEWS





19
Jul









IFA Pushes for Tax Reform that Supports America’s Small Businesses »











Featured NEWS





12
Jul









Business Owner and U.S. Marine Veteran Outlines Risks to Franchises Due to Joint Employer Liability »











Featured NEWS





06
Jul









IFA Files Joint Amicus Brief to Protect Franchise Business Model »











 
















 Michigan @TSmoothieCafe franchise owner shares her story at White House event with President Trump: https://t.co/...
recent tweet  






 











 













Join IFA
Since its inception in 1960, the International Franchise Association has represented and...







Education
Business format franchising is transforming the global marketplace…creating thousands of...






 Email *








 What is 2+6?
 Sign up
 & GET UPDATES 


 
 



















Coming Attractions
SEE SPONSORS >> 



 

11
Sep







Franchise Action Network Annual Meeting



















		       							Register Now







Coming Attractions
SEE SPONSORS >> 



 

19
Sep







Franchise Sales Revolution - Dallas, TX



















		       							Register Now







Coming Attractions
SEE SPONSORS >> 



 

20
Sep







Franchise Development Seminar - Dallas, TX



















		       							Register Now







Coming Attractions
SEE SPONSORS >> 



 

19
Oct







FranTech

										 

Designed to help franchise professionals understand technology options and platforms, at I	
									

















		        						Learn More







Coming Attractions
SEE SPONSORS >> 



 

02
Nov







Franchise Expo West



















		        						Register Now









 
 






Members












































