









Apple (台灣)














































iPhone

就是 7。




 





iPad Pro

不只做到，還能做到更好。













Apple Watch Series 2

每一天，過得更美好。




 









使用 iPhone 7
拍攝的技巧。







iMac
視野，前所未見的燦爛。







夏日，盛裝。
選購配件。





夏日，輕裝。
選購配件。







Today at Apple
看看你附近有哪些活動。























Apple (香港)











































iPhone

這，就是 iPhone 7。




 









iPad Pro
不只做到，還做得更好。







Apple Watch
每一天，都更美好。







iMac
非凡視野，鋒芒前所未見。







夏日，盛裝。
選購配件。





夏日，輕裝。
選購配件。

















Product for Apple / Wireless Intraoral Camera - Abeltech Co.,Ltd.

















































				Hot news
			







Product for Apple
iTY-DB02
iBulb-02
URC-11
iTY-DB01
iDSCO-H14
IOT
iDSCO-AF01
iSPC-12
iSPC-H11
iSPC-11
iBT-01
iDSCO-P01
iDSCO-H01
iDSCO-PH11
iDSCO-H05
iDSCO-H02
iDSCO-E11C
iDSCO-E01
CZN-01
iDSCO-P03Y
iDSCO-T01
iDSCO-E04S
iTY-02
iTY-01
iML-01
iML-02
iML-501
Privacy Policy
Wireless Microscope
Wireless Home Security
Products for Bike
Wireless AV Sender
Baby Monitor
USB Microscope Series
Wireless Digital Audio
Wireless Module








				Contact Us by eMail.
			







				About abeltech.
			











								Product Name：
								






Product for Apple / iDSCO-T01
							
						



Wireless Intraoral Camera
Model No.: iDSCO-T01






























	 	  	 	 	 	      				   Overview    					 The Wireless Intraoral Camera is a convenient tool for families and dentists, Good for checking teeth, skin, hair and any closing texture. Even can snapshot your face and tooth. This multi-function Wireless Intraoral camera is the low cost version, but the Price-Performance is better than the high cost of dental equipment. It is also a highly professional hand-held scope from Taiwanese Abeltech which supports 6 LED light that illuminates your observed visible or invisible objects clearly. View your object at 25X magnification to see more details clearly via free download APP.     					         Feature     						Applications: Dental hospital and dental clinic, family package, beauty salon, leisure club, company and other skin care service. 						uilt-in P2P technology without IP setting and router, can view objects from internet (optional). 						Wireless Link:						1. Works with iPhone / iPad via wireless and free download APP (Teeth Watch).						2. Support 640x480 video quality and still image.						3. Snapping the image immediately and saving the magnified result.						4. Optical magnification: 25X (displayed on iPad panel)						5. Transmission Range: 30M (open sight). 						Work with Computer						1. USB port for power charged and computer connected.						2. Optical magnification: 50X.(on20" monitor) , 100X (on 40" monitor)						3. Support 640x480 video quality and still image. 						Battery Life: around 2 hours(rechargeable). 						Built-in 6 pcs white LED (5600K). 						Support Auto Iris Control. 						Auto focus lens with 5-50 mm focus range. 						Freeze Button, Snapshot, Record button. 						Photographing visual angel is 70 degree. 						50 disposable sleeves can avoid cross contamination. (optional) 						Auto-adjusted the white balance with CMOS high-level image sensor. 						Equipped with optical high-tech lens inside and anti-dust lens design on head of housing. 						Stylish outlook and easy to operate.      					     				   Specification    					  					  					  					  					  					  					         Item    Description      Camera Sensor  								CMOS     Video Quality  								480P     Video Format  								Motion JPEG     Picture Format  								JPG     Frequency Range  								2.4~2.4835 GHz     Transmission Range  								70M (open sight)     Power  								DC 5V     Recording Video  								Yes     Temperature Detector  								Yes     Soothing Music  								Yes     Soothing Light  								Yes     Two way Audio  								Yes     Audio Detector  								Yes     Peer to Peer  								Yes      	 





Applications





			 
		














iTunes - Apple (台灣)













































iTunes由你的音樂和電影領銜主演。
iTunes 是整理及欣賞你音樂和電影的最佳方式，更能讓你輕鬆選購想要的內容。這裡是 Apple Music 的大本營，讓你可以無限制地聆聽數百萬首歌曲、精選的播放列表1，以及由 Zane Lowe 和知名 DJ 群所主持的 Beats 1 電台。iTunes 所提供的一切娛樂，都可在你的 Mac 和 PC 上盡情享受。






樂， 不停。
無論播放你現在喜歡的歌曲，還是將來會愛上的音樂，Apple Music 把一切變得更加簡單。你可以在數百萬首歌曲中任意挑選聆聽，並觀賞原創節目、電影，以及在別處找不到的內容。註冊免額外付費試用三個月後2，你就可以將你想要的所有音樂加入你已有的音樂收藏，例如購買自 iTunes Store 的音樂，以及你從 CD 輸入的歌曲。因此任何一個節奏，你都不會錯過。

進一步了解 Apple Music
免額外付費試用三個月






想看的電影， 全如你所願。
超過 85,000 部電影供你選擇，你永遠能在 iTunes 找到值得觀賞的影片3，想隨時隨地觀賞你期待以久的熱門電影，只要輕點一下即可播放；或先行下載，以便在沒有 Wi-Fi 連線的地方觀賞。

進一步了解






娛樂大本營， 在哪欣賞都行。
在你所有的裝置上都可以安裝 iTunes Store，所以你可以隨時購買你剛聽到的動人歌曲，或租借你期待以久的電影。你所購買的所有音樂及電影均可立即取得，想在什麼裝置上播放都隨你。













	PQI Group - the world global leader in mobile device peripherals, Apple Accesory, Mobile Acessory, Power Bank, Pen Drive, WiFi Storage, Charger,















































 


HOME
 
CONTACT US
 



English
日本語
繁體中文
简体中文
한국어
Русский













 






 





PRODUCTS

SERVICE&SUPPORT

BUSINESS  AREA

ABOUT  PQI




 



 







 


























              




上一张
下一张



















 Prev 





Mobility




Apple Solution




PQI Power




USB Flash Drive




Flash Card




Hard Disk Drive




Solid State Disk




 Next 






























2017/05/18


COMPUTEX 2017 PQI “Touched by Intelligence” Invigorate All Your Senses







2017/05/04


PQI My Lockey Wins d&i Awards at COMPUTEX 2017 Touched by Intelligence!







2017/02/21


PQI Announces Apple Certified pqireader -  Edit, Create and Relive Moments







 



































 

 


 
 
 




My Lockey - Fingerprint USB Dongle_EN_Vedio


In addition to providing regular USB charging functions, The PQI Smart Charging Station also supports Type-C™ data output and QC3.0 quick charging, which means four times the transfer speed and super fast charging whenever and wherever. With a maximum power output of 40W, the Smart Charging Station can support multiple QC3.0-compatible mobile phones, MacBook's Type-C™ connector, and it is also backwards compatible. A five-slot shelf provides ample room for your devices.














 

 


 
 
 




PQI pqireader CF


A Multi-purpose Card Reader with Video Editing Capabilities














 

 


 
 
 




PQI InstaShot CF_EN


Photography and making micro movies have become popular amongst all ages. PQI Instashot features instant photo / record function with 32GB ~ 256GB of storage capacity to choose from. The recordings goes straight to Instashot and does not take up the storage capacity of your iPhone.
PQI's self developed APP, MasterShot, provides a variety of filtering effects and on-demand editing functions for instant movie creation. The movie can be uploaded to your favorite social media to share with friends. Instashot is delicate and designed to complement your iPhone to perfection, it can be carried wherever you go. Constructed of mixed materials with saddle leather, the excellent texture provides comfort and elegance!














 

 


 
 
 




PQI iConnect mini - Video


The world's smallest iPhone flash drive














 

 


 
 
 




PQI iConnect mini - Product manual


The world's smallest iPhone flash drive














 

 


 
 
 




PQI iConnect Video


Easily sharing files on different iDevices with PQI iConnect!














 

 


 
 
 




PQI iConnect Video


Enjoy anytime, anywhere with PQI iConnect!














 

 


 
 
 




PQI iConnect Video


How to back up photos and videos from iPhone, iPad to PQI iConnect?














 

 


 
 
 




PQI iConnect Video


The World’s Fastest iConnect Ultra-speed Dual Flash Drive














 

 


 
 
 




PQI Products










 Prev 
 Next 
















































About PQI
│
Awards & Certificates
│
Human Resources
│
Site Map
│
Privacy Policy
│
Legal & Trademark





Copyright (c) 2017 PQI, All Rights Reserved  This site is best viewed in 1024 x 768 pixel with IE7.0 equivalent or above browser
































iTunes - 立即下載 iTunes - Apple (台灣)










































匯聚精彩娛樂，一按下載。

iTunes 是 Apple Music 與無盡娛樂的大本營，任你盡情探索。音樂、電影及更多精彩均匯聚在此。



你的網頁瀏覽器與此頁面內容不相容。請升級至支援各項網頁標準的網頁瀏覽器。






正在尋找 Mac 或 PC 版的 iTunes？
在你的 Mac 或 PC 上回到本頁面，就能免費下載 iTunes。
用電子郵件寄送下載頁面的連結
進一步了解 iTunes







在你 iOS 裝置上的 iTunes 或 Apple Music
你的 iOS 裝置皆隨附 iTunes Store app。Apple Music 則會出現在 iOS 上的「音樂」app 裡。
進一步了解 iTunes
進一步了解 Apple Music
開始試用 Apple Music，三個月免額外付費*



















Apple (台灣)














































iPhone

就是 7。




 





iPad Pro

不只做到，還能做到更好。













Apple Watch Series 2

每一天，過得更美好。




 









使用 iPhone 7
拍攝的技巧。







iMac
視野，前所未見的燦爛。







夏日，盛裝。
選購配件。





夏日，輕裝。
選購配件。







Today at Apple
看看你附近有哪些活動。























Apple








































iPhone

This is 7.




 





iPad Pro

Anything you can do,you can do better.













Apple Watch Series 2

Live a better day.




 









The Rock & Siri
Watch the film.







Buy a Mac or iPad Pro for college. Get Beats.







Summer Formal
Shop Accessories.





Summer Casual
Shop Accessories.







Why Switch
Life is easier on iPhone.
























iTunes - Apple







































iTunes.Your music, movies, and TV shows take center stage.
iTunes is the best way to organize and enjoy the music, movies, and TV shows you already have — and shop for the ones you want to get. It’s home to Apple Music, which gives you unlimited access to millions of songs, curated playlists,1 and Beats 1 radio, hosted by Zane Lowe and a team of acclaimed DJs. Enjoy all the entertainment iTunes has to offer on your Mac and PC.






Never stop playing.
Apple Music makes it easier than ever to play the music you love and the music you’ll love next. Choose from millions of songs and watch original shows, movies, and content you won’t find anywhere else. Once you sign up for your free, three-month trial,2 you can add all the music you want to the collection you already have, like purchases from the iTunes Store and songs you’ve imported from CDs. So you never have to miss a beat.

Learn more about Apple Music
Try it free for three months






The movie and TV collection you always wished for. Granted.
With over 85,000 movies and more than 300,000 TV shows to choose from, there’s always something great to watch on iTunes.3 Catch up on episodes of your favorite TV shows or hit movies you’ve been meaning to see — anytime, anywhere. Just tap to play, or even download if you’re going somewhere you won’t have Wi-Fi.

Learn more






A universe of entertainment. Available wherever you are.
The iTunes Store is available on all your devices, which means you can buy that catchy song you just heard or rent that movie you’ve been meaning to see, anytime you want. All the music, movies, and TV shows you buy are immediately available, no matter how you want to play them.





Gift Cards
Send friends and family an iTunes Gift Card or Apple Music Gift Card from your iOS device or computer.4 You can buy gift cards in a range of denominations, and recipients can choose whatever they want, including an Apple Music membership or anything from the iTunes Store,5 App Store, iBooks Store, and Mac App Store.
Learn more
Already have an iTunes or Apple Music Gift Card? Redeem














iTunes on Facebook
Discover and share new music, movies, TV, books, and more.








Apple Music on Facebook and Twitter
Follow us on @AppleMusic. All the ways you love music.





iTunes Movies on Twitter
Follow us on @iTunesMovies. Movies that move you.

































Hot selling fuji apple exporter in china made in China, View fuji apple exporter in china, RHXD Product Details from Qingdao Rong Hai Xin Da International Trading Co., Ltd. on Alibaba.com















































Alibaba.com





                            Sourcing Solutions
                            




                            Services & Membership
                            




                            Help & Community
                            

























































6
YRS


Qingdao Rong Hai Xin Da International Trading Co., Ltd.




Trade Assurance



China (Mainland)
|
Trading Company


Transaction Level:








Supplier Assessments:







1 Transactions
                            


40,000+


                                The supplier’s transactions conduted via Alibaba.com in the past 6 months.
                            






Response Time



 48h-72h





Response Rate



 67.2%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $72,000Learn More
























Add to My Favorites




































6
YR







The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $72,000Learn More











How do I set this?









Home


Product Categories


Company Profile

Company Overview
Industrial Certification
Company Capability
Business Performance



My Page 1


My Page 2


Contacts








How do I set this?








Home
> Product Categories
> Fresh Fruits
> fresh apple







How do I set this?


























View larger image
        




























































Share to:







 


Add to My Cart






Add to My Favorites



		Added to My Favorites












Hot selling fuji apple exporter in china made in China                        



 Transactions


FOB Price:


US $10 - 20  / Carton                                                                    
|
Get Latest
                                        Price



Min.Order Quantity:
1186 Carton/Cartons


Supply Ability:
2000 Ton/Tons per   Month


Port:
Qingdao


Payment Terms:
L/C,T/T,Western Union










                            Contact Supplier
                        



Loading...
                        



Start Order


Place orders online to get full protection. close 

















You May Like

















How do I set this?

















Product Detail

Transaction History



Report Suspicious Activity





Quick Details


Type:
Apple


Style:
Fresh


Product Type:
Pome Fruit


Variety:
Fuji


Cultivation Type:
Common


Color:
Red


Maturity:
90%


Grade:
Grade


Size (cm):
8


Weight (kg):
0.2


Place of Origin:
Shandong, China (Mainland)


Brand Name:
RHXD


Model Number:
Red Fuji Apple


Taste:
Juicy


Packing:
9/10/15/18/20kg/carton


Supply Period:
Year Round


Name:
Fresh Fuji Apple Fruit


Remark:
Health


Product name:
Chinese Fresh Red Juicy Fuji Apple


Origin:
Yantai City


Keyword:
Whosale


Harvest time:
Late Sep.~Oct.every Year


Certificate:
HACCP




Packaging & Delivery


Packaging Details:
20kg, 18kg, 10kg, 9kg box packing


Delivery Detail:
Shipped in 7 days after payment






Company Information    Qingdao Ronghaixinda International Trading Co., Ltd which located in Qingdao Free Trade zone, As one of the biggest manufacturer and exporter of Fresh Vegetables, Fresh fruits, Dried Fruits (Goji berry), Dehydration and canned Vegetables, Fruits In China.    We have established our own processing bases and cold stores. Moreover, we have several trained-well teams who control the quality and we know how to control the temperature, ventilation and humidity according to different conditions and seasons. This ensures that you will always receive our goods in sound condition. Our Main products: 1.Fresh Vegetables: Garlic, Ginger, Potato, Onion, Carrot, Cabbage,Broccoli2.Fresh Fruits: Apple,Grape,Pear,Mandarin Orange, Navel Organge, Pomelo,Chestnut etc.3. Frozen Vegetables & Fruits: Frozen strawberry, Frozen Broccoli,Frozen French Fries, Mixed vegetable, Frozen carrot,Corn, Chili etc.4. Dried Fruits: Goji berry, Candied cherries etc. Main market: Western Europe such as England, France; South East Asia, such as Thailand, Indonesia, Malaysia; Middle East , such as Saudi Arabia; Africa, such as Morocco, Tunis; Others like Brazil. If you have interested in any of our products, Pls don't hesitate to take Up Your Phone Call me  ......                              Apple Size & PackageFresh Apple Size:Normally Size:22, 25, 28,32,36,40,44,56,64,72,80,88, 100, 113, 125, 138, 150,163, 175, 198 etc.Popular Size: 22-25-27 for 4kg/ctn,  36-40-44 for 10kg/ctn,  100-113-125 for 17kg/ctn, 138-198 for 18kg/ctn or 20kg/ctn.Fresh Apple Package:Inner packing:Each apple with a net sock,every layer with a plastic or paper tray,the whole covered with the plastic bag.Outer packing: carton or customize by your needs.4kg/ctn:  22/25/279kg/ctn:  36-40-4410kg/ctn: 24-28-32-36-40-4417kg/18kg/20kg/ctn: 72-80-88, 100-113-125, 150-198, 138-198pcsFresh Fruits Red Apple Color and GradeRed Color, Yellow Color, Green Color  Grade        Color      A  80%---85% up      B  70%---75% up      C  60%---65% up100% Red Color Fresh Fruits AppleAdvantage1.we have our own factory&gatanree the quality2.we have enough supply ability3.we can supply more competitive price and serviceAppearance red  and smooth,no rusty spots,no wounds Maturity70%,80%,90% and upTasteSweet,deliciousSupply SeasonSEP TO Next Year July.Delivery timeWithin 7 days after received your deposit.Supply capacity1000metric tons weekly.PaymentL/C,T/T,etc.Other varietiesFuji Apple,Huaniu,Gala,Golden Delicious,Green apple,Red Starpackinginner packing: paper bag,fresh bag,apple net,etcouter packing: carton 4kg.5kg. 10kg.17kg. 18/20kgMOQ1*40'FCL   Our ServicesWhy you choose us ? 1. Competitive PriceYou are directly buying from a Chinese farmer,We will be able to provied a very competitive price than anyone else in this field. 2. Quality ControlOur product are carefully processed and packed to meet international standards.We have a comprehensive and fully transparent system which allows complete traceability of all product from factory to cool store to market.We have a quality control team to make sure customer can get best quality of product. 3. Facilities Our company has own production base,packhouses and cool store, provide logistics services. 4. ExperiencesWe export fruits and vegetables for many years,we have the excellent service team.we have the best price and quality. 







Transaction History of the Supplier

Below is the information about the supplier's transactions conducted via Alibaba.com. If you require further details regarding the transaction data, please contact the supplier directly.



            Transaction Overview
            




Transactions




Export Markets




No. of Transactions


Transaction Value













Transaction Details




This supplier has completedtransactions with buyers from .



Shipping Destination
Transaction Value

Transaction Date



















How do I set this?







Email to this supplier







How do I set this?








Related Keywords

fuji apple exporter in china
red chief apple
red delicious apples







How do I set this?












Trade Assurance





6
YRS


Qingdao Rong Hai Xin Da International Trading Co., Ltd.




China (Mainland)
|
Trading Company


Transaction Level:








Supplier Assessments:







1 Transactions
                            


40,000+


                                The supplier’s transactions conduted via Alibaba.com in the past 6 months.
                            






Response Time



48h-72h





Response Rate



67.2%









Contact Detail








The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery.Supplier's Trade Assurance Limit:  US $72,000Learn More








How do I set this?















How do I set this?







Product Showcase






How do I set this?





 




                            Contact us
            			










How do I set this?









































How do I set this?






  





 






 


























PCH - We make
















































































                    If it can be imagined, it can be made

From startups to Fortune 500s, PCH designs custom product solutions for the world's best brands.
Our Platform












                    We make the complex simple

This involves everything from product design engineering and development, manufacturing, packaging and fulfillment, distribution and retail, and ultimately the customer out-of-box experience.
Manufacturing solutions












                    We make it ready to ship

We collaborate on packaging from its function to its form. We partner with the world's biggest brands, fulfilling everything from storage and inventory management to receiving and processing orders. 
Packaging and fulfillment












                    We make it together

We build the bridge between the world of ideas and the delivery of products. We select and mentor the best talent and the most innovative ideas.
Product Idea Accelerator












                    We make your ideas tangible

Our passion is in making, our expertise is in engineering. From startups to Fortune 500s, we consult on product testing and design for mass production.
Product design and engineering












                    We make your products to scale

We help hardware startups integrate technology, scale and desirability without compromise, reducing time-to-market and minimizing risk.
Scaling up for production












                    We make connections

We facilitate market access, working with innovative retail partners in-store and online. Through our partnerships, network and technologies, we maximize each new product’s opportunities to sell in global markets.
eCommerce and Retail












                    We make access effortless

We get the right product in the right place at the right time across Europe, Australasia and North America.
Inventory management & retail distribution






©PCH - 2017


PCH – We make on Twitter
PCH – We make on Facebook
PCH – We make on YouTube
PCH – We make on LinkedIn
PCH – We make on Weibo
PCH – We make on Instagram



Contact us
Privacy
Terms
 




Explore PCH






















RT @businessinsider: Size is no obstacle for this 3D printer pic.twitter.com/7wY9KMG8xB@PCH_Intl • Jul 28, 2017 3:23 pm


PCH – We make on Twitter
PCH – We make on Facebook
PCH – We make on YouTube
PCH – We make on LinkedIn
PCH – We make on Weibo
PCH – We make on Instagram







PCH website is now available only on the more secure versions of Internet Explorer.Please upgrade your Microsoft Internet Browser here or use an alternative browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.











