


Castrol India Limited - Manufacturer from Mumbai, India | About Us






























144188195215245280


Industrial Supplies
Oils, Grease & Lubricants

Castrol India Limited
About Us





Castrol India Limited Andheri East, Mumbai, Maharashtra 
 








+91-8048606245







Send E-mail















XWelcome GuestWe are here to help!How it WorksTell us what you need by filling in the form Receive Verified supplier details Compare Quotations and seal the deal We are here to help! Save time and let us provide youwith verified contactsYour Contact Details1Basic Info2Requirement Details3Additional DetailsTo start with, help us in identifying your requirementInvalid InputEnter product/service nameProvide any specific details about : 'Product/Service required', 'Quality', 'Standard', 'Size' etc...Invalid Mobile NumberMobile NumberSupplier Details will be sent to this mobile numberInvalid E-mail IDEmail IDSupplier Details will be sent to this email idKindly enter full nameFull NameVerification CodeEnter the code in the SMS sent to your mobile number ContinueSkip




Castrol India LimitedCASTROL INDIA LIMITED IS THE LEADING AUTOMOTIVE AND INDUSTRIAL LUBRICANT MANUFACTURING COMPANY IN INDIA PROVIDING TECHNICALLY SUPERIOR SYNTHETIC, PART SYNTHETIC AND CONVENTIONAL ENGINE OILS AND SPECIALTY LUBRICANTS FOR YOUR CAR


Factsheet




Basic InformationNature of BusinessManufacturerAdditional BusinessTraderDistributorCompany CEOOmer DormenTotal Number of Employeesmore than 1000 PeopleYear of Establishment1899Legal Status of FirmPublic Limited CompanyAnnual TurnoverMore than Rs. 500 Crore









About UsCastrol is the world leading manufacturer, distributor and marketer of premium lubricating oils, greases and related services to automotive, industrial, marine, aviation, oil exploration and production customers across the world. The company is headquartered in the UK and operates directly in over 40 countries, and employing approximately 7,000 staff worldwide. In nearly 100 other markets, we are represented by third party distributors who market and sell our products locally. The Castrol delivery network extends throughout 140 countries, covering 800 ports and partnering with over 2000 distributors and agents. Castrol offers lubricants for virtually all domestic, commercial and industrial applications. For automotive lubrication (including motorcycles 2-stroke and 4-stroke engines, car petrol and diesel engines), our products include an extensive range of manual and automatic transmission fluids, chain lubricants and waxes, coolants, suspension fluids, brake fluids, greases, cleaners and maintenance products. We also produce products for agricultural machinery, plant, general industry and marine engineering uses. All our products have a global chemical registration status and meet compliance in all locations where the product is used.

automotive lubricants: developed for consumers, supplying lubricants, specialities (gear oils, greases and other ancillary products) and services to cars, motorcycles, commercial vehicles, including heavy duty consumer trucks, mining and agriculture vehicles
aviation, industrial, marine and energy lubricants: developed for the business to business community, supplying solutions to the manufacturing, mining, shipping, aviation and oil and exploration industries. Our global business operations provide worldwide assurance, improved productivity, improved environmental products and trusted advice focussed on optimising our customers production processes.

At the forefront of pioneering technology with our 13 R&D centres globally, we develop and test hundreds of new products every year. We work closely with leading industry OEMs, with whom we supply a broad range of lubricants designed for particular operating conditions and environments. Many of our products are recommended by and co-engineered with major OEMs, including Audi, BMW, Ford, MAN, Honda, JLR, Volvo, Seat, Skoda, Tata and Volkswagen, for their ‘new to the world’ powertrains.
 
About The CompanyCastrol was founded by Charles “Cheers” Wakefield under the name of ‘CC Wakefield & Company’. In 1899, when he was 39, Charles left a job at Vacuum Oil to start a new business at Cheapside in London, selling lubricants for trains and heavy machinery. He was a persuasive man who could articulate a vision, clearly, and eight former colleagues followed him into the new company. Early in the new century, Wakefield took a personal interest in two sporty new motorised contraptions – the automobile and the aeroplane. The company started developing lubricants especially for these new engines, which needed oils that were runny enough to work from cold at start-up and thick enough to keep working at very high temperatures. Wakefield researchers found that adding a measure of castor oil, a vegetable oil made from castor beans, did the trick nicely. They called the new product “Castrol.”Having helped pioneer a new kind of motor oil, now CC Wakefield pioneered a new method of getting customers to notice the product: sponsorship. The Castrol name appeared on banners and flags at competitive aviation events, auto races and at competitive drivers’ attempts to break the land speed record. Wakefield extended the company’s increasingly profitable product line to include oils developed especially for car manufacturer’s individual engines. By 1960, the name of the motor oil had all but eclipsed that of the company’s larger-than-life founder, and so ‘CC Wakefield& Company’ became, simply, Castrol Ltd. Meanwhile, the company’s researchers delved ever deeper into the complexities of engine lubrication and a state-of-the-art research facility opened in Bracknell, England. Then in 1966, The Burmah Oil Company bought Castrol. Proving that Castrol hadn’t become focused solely on cars and aircrafts, the Queen Elizabeth II, the world’s largest ocean-going passenger liner launched in 1967, powered by Castrol lubricants. Through the 1980 and 1990s the company continued to introduce innovative, new products. Burmah-Castrol was purchased by BP in 2000 and the Castrol brand became part of the BP's Group of Companies.More recently, when NASA's Curiosity rover began its exciting mission on Mars in 2012, a Castrol industrial grease played a central role in the smooth operation of everything from Curiosity's wheels to its cameras. The grease is formulated for the space program to perform in temperatures ranging from minus 80 degrees Celsius to 204 degrees Celsius. The success of the company owes much to the original philosophy of Charles Wakefield. He drew on the help and encouragement of his customers in developing his new Castrol Oils, because he had the foresight to see that working in partnership was the best way to achieve success for both parties. This rationale is as relevant to Castrol today as it was then.Castrol, it’s more than just oil, it’s liquid engineering.
 
Social ResponsibilitiesSAFETY & ENVIRONMENTWe, as a company, have highest expectations for our Health, Safety, Security and Environment (HSSE) performance. We recognize that safe operations depend not only on technically sound plant and equipment but also on competent and committed people and an active HSSE culture. We make sure that all our employees, contractors and others connected with us are well informed, well trained, engaged and committed to the HSSE improvement process. As a company, we are committed to comply with environmental laws and regulatory standards on a worldwide basis. Our Stated Goals are:no accidentsno harm to peopleno damage to the environment
 
Why UsCastrol is ideally placed to meet the broadest range of career aspirations. As a leading manufacturer, distributor and marketer of premium lubricating oils across the world, we operate directly in over 40 countries, and employ approximately 7,000 staff worldwide. Castrol is the lubricant business of BP plc., one of the most successful energy companies in the world. To find a job in BP’s lubricants business that suits you, simply click here to access BP Careers, where you will be able to search for a job in the Downstream segment; you will also be able to search for a BP graduate programme in your country, select your area of professional expertise, or find a country in which you want to work. 
 
Corporate Social ResponsibilitiesCastrol India Limited is part of the BP Group worldwide and is aligned to the BP Code of Conduct that gives us the guidance and support to conduct our business ethically and to comply with the law. These two things are vital to our success.We respect the communities we work with and want them to benefit from our presence. BP defines responsibility at three levels – legal compliance, being a progressive operator and evidencing leadership. Both compliance and being a progressive operator lie in what we call our sphere of control and we call this ‘responsible operations’. It is here that we control the choices made and we are accountable for the outcomes. It is also through this that we are able to generate considerable benefits for society – taxes, salaries, dividends, capability development and a range of essential products.At a further level, being responsible prompts us to play our part in helping to solve challenges that are directly relevant to our long-term business strategy. In line with our business strategy and growth, we recognise the need and importance to make a focused and inclusive contribution towards development, both social and economic.Castrol has a presence in India for over a hundred years. Over the years, the company’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) programme has evolved from charitable giving to a strategic CSR programme which seeks to support the communities it operates in and its key stakeholders. Going forward, the company aims to build on this as we develop a CSR programme that aligns business risks and opportunities with the national agenda of development priorities to meet the needs and aspirations of the populace. The various programmes undertaken to date include:Training for two-wheeler mechanics (Eklavya – the flagship programme)Relief and rehabilitation of communities affected by natural disastersCommunity developmentRoad safety (Drive for Safety) 
 




Tell Us What Are You Looking For?


    Website:
From:Processing...From:




Reach Us
Castrol India Limited
Gmap
Castrol India Limited
Technopolis Knowledge Park Complex, Mahakali Caves Road Chakala, Andheri East, Mumbai-400093, Maharashtra, India
Sonam Bajaj ( Manager )
+91-8048606245Call Response Rate: 100%
Send SMS 
Send E-MAIL
Our Company
About Us Products & Services Sitemap Contact Us

Share Us: 








Invalid Input





Enter product/service name









Please enter Mobile Number





Mobile Number






Invalid Email ID






 Email ID



Invalid Email ID



 

Full Name 





Your Contact Information 
                









Provide any specific details  about : 'Product/Service required', 'Quality','Standard','Size' etc...





Convenient
               

Competitive Quotes
               

Choice of Suppliers
               

Payment Protection 
               








































Recommended CompaniesCastrol Industrial OilCastrol Industrial OilBy: Ascort Lubricants Ask Price Castrol Automotive OilsCastrol Automotive OilsBy: Sri Sai Enterprises Ask Price Castrol Gear OilCastrol Gear OilRs 710 / LitreBy: Abishek Projects Contact Supplier Related Categories Castrol Automotive Oils












X


























































 CASTROL INDIA LIMITED: AN INNOVATIVE DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL |
 
 The Case Centre, for corporate customers
 




























































 By continuing to use our site you consent to the use of cookies as described in
 our privacy policy
 unless you have disabled them.You can change your cookie
 settings at any time but parts of our site will not function correctly without them.
 


 CLOSE
 





















Privacy & cookies    
Contact us | 
About us | 










home
 
educators
 
programme administrators
 
corporate customers
 
students


















login or register
 













Home



About us



Membership



Find out more



Application process



List of members





Organisation



Our history



What we do





Activities



Publishing & distributing



The Case Centre Awards



Case method training





People



Staff list



Executive committee



Contact us



Job opportunities





Locations



UK office



US office





News & press info



News items



Press information



Brand guidelines



E-bulletin





Website



Feedback



Scheduled downtime







Resources



Our collection



What's available?



Online case submission





For business & leaders



An overview





For trainers



An overview



Case method training





Keep up to date



Featured articles



Free e-mail updates



E-bulletin





Case method



Discover the case method



Cases in companies



What's in it for companies?



Case Writing & Teaching Exchange







Ordering



What's available?



An overview



Cases



Management articles



Book chapters



Instructor materials



Multimedia



Videos



Video clips from Prendismo



Try something new





Selecting products



Searching online



Online inspection copies



Keeping up to date



Popular products



Rate & Review Forums



Product usage stats





Info about ordering



How to order - an overview



Electronic downloads



Printed copies



Media items



Pricing



Payment options



Shipping options & costs





Copyright



Guidelines



Requesting translations







My account



Login





Browse & buy








Search for:


All products
Book
Book chapter
Case
Instructor material
Management article
Multimedia
Software
Video






Search by:


All fields
Reference no.
Title
Author's name
Publisher
Author's institution
Abstract
Topic/industry
Location







 Keywords:
 










 Exact matches only
 


 
 

 
 








 Go to advanced search 
 





























Printer-friendly version 







Product details




Share this page:











































 Please find below the full details of the product you clicked a link to view.









 CASTROL INDIA LIMITED: AN INNOVATIVE DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL 
 






 Case 
 
-

 Reference no. 9B16A044 
 







Authors:

Renuka Kamath





Published by:

 Ivey Publishing 
 (2016)
 
 



Version:
2016-10-05



Length:
16 pages










Data source:
Field research



Topics:

Distribution channel; Oil; Lubricants; Channel conflict; Motorcycle oil; Marketing; International




Abstract:

 In January 2006, the general manager of sales at Castrol India Limited was concerned. Sales of Castrol motorcycle oil for four-stroke engines was far less than it should be, especially when considering the five million motorcycles being added to Indian roads each year. Most motorcycle oil changes took place in franchised workshops during the warranty period and in non-franchised workshops after the warranty period. The general manager wanted to increase the sales of Castrol oil in the spare parts shops and non-franchised workshops that serviced India's growing after-market. Castrol India's existing distributors were reluctant to sell to those segments, which they viewed as low-volume, high-cost, and risky distribution channels. The general manager needed a distribution strategy that would appeal to the existing distributors and boost Castrol Oil India's sales without increasing costs to the company. 
 




Settings:

India, Retail trade, Large, 2007













 No reviews
 




  |
 


Write a review





No usage





















 SHARE
 


























 View our pricing guide
 or 
login to see prices.
 
























Customers who viewed this product also viewed...
View up to ten items most often browsed with this product.




Ref no: 9B15A015
XIAMEN AIRLINES: BRACING FOR IMPACT



Ref no: 316-0130-1
WALMART: THE RETAIL GIANT IN CRISIS



Ref no: UVA-F-1353
NIKE, INC: COST OF CAPITAL



Ref no: 316-0139-1
LOLA CABS: RETHINKING THE STRATEGY



Ref no: UVA-G-0561
NOTE TO THE STUDENT: HOW TO STUDY AND DISCUSS CASES



Ref no: OMER9-0CS1
WHERE IN THE WORLD IS TIMBUK2? OUTSOURCING, OFFSHORING, AND MASS CUSTOMIZATION



Ref no: 615-059-1
ZARA: THE WORLD'S LARGEST FASHION RETAILER



Ref no: 9B16M156
PRIMA: BUILDING INFRASTRUCTURE FOR GROWTH



Ref no: 7B16M156
PRIMA: BUILDING INFRASTRUCTURE FOR GROWTH



Ref no: CCW160403
NETFLIX: CONTINUOUS INNOVATION OR SELF DESTRUCTION?










Your recently viewed items
View up to the last ten items that you browsed. Fancy something different? Find out what's new >




Ref no: 9B16A044
CASTROL INDIA LIMITED: AN INNOVATIVE DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL
















Site map






 About us


Become a member of The Case Centre

Meet the team

News

What we do


 Ordering


How do I order?

Keep up to date with email updates

Pricing

Products available from The Case Centre

Shipping options




 My account


New to us? Register


 Product search


Getting started

Search for products

Try something new




 Online case submission


Online case submission

Product portfolio


 Resources


An introduction to the case method

Featured management articles

For business & leaders

For trainers












 The Case Centre is dedicated to advancing the case method worldwide,
 sharing knowledge, wisdom and experience to inspire and transform business
 education across the globe.
 

 © Copyright The Case Centre, 2017
 

Contact |
 Privacy & cookies |
 Site compatibility








 The Case Centre is a not-for-profit company limited by guarantee,
 registered in England No 1129396 and entered in the Register of Charities No 267516.
 VAT No GB 870 9608 93. It is also the trading name of The Case Centre USA,
 a non-profit making company. Tax ID No 04-31-43431.
 






