




Pair correlation between Acando AB and ProAct IT - Macroaxis






























































Research Hub




Sign In











Sign In


New Account



About Macroaxis


Settings


Plans & Pricing



 Toggle Menu


 Toggle Fullscreen







   Markets




Equities




Portfolios




Stories






×











 My Equities
Investing Ideas

Free Tools

World Markets Map
Cryptocurrency Center
Equity Research
Company Directory
Insider Directory
Buy or Sell Recommendation
Pair Correlation
Stocks Correlation
Pattern Recognition
Watchlist Analysis



 Services

Technology Overview
Solution Methodology
Acknowledgement
Product Tour
FAQs



 About Us

About Macroaxis
Contact Us
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Advertising









World
US













 Free Limit Reached. The Content is Temporary Locked! 



Why my account is limited to only few analytic runs? 

								To execute equity pricing pattern simulations, real time valuations, recommendations, instant reporting, and portfolio analytics such as mean-variance optimization takes huge amount of 
								computing resources. Since we are a small company we cannot afford to have
								hundreds of servers in our cluster. To be fair to all of our users with free accounts, 
								we have restricted analytics execution to few times.  Please upgrade 
								your account to be able to remove usage restrictions and unlock all the features and tools used by professional money mangers.
								
I don't want to upgrade at this time. Are there any other options? 
	
								Yes, just show us your support and love and we will temporary re-enable the content. 
								To instantly unlock the content for few additional page views, use one of the social buttons below. 
								We thank you for your continued support and appreciate your loyalty as we try to make this service accessible and affordable to all investors.
								













              [locked content goes here]
          

    


    							
			Select to Continue or upgrade













Updating Transaction...
	






	Report was successfully generated
	



































































































			© 2017 Macroaxis LLC All rights reserved  
		








Insiders
Companies
Contact Us
Feedback
Widgets












































Olof Åkesson - Head-Sales & Marketing at Acando AB
































































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              





























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Olof Åkesson
Head-Sales & Marketing at Acando AB



Overview
Relationships Paths
Career History 


Olof Åkesson
Head-Sales & Marketing at Acando AB



 Overview



Age



45
                                  (Born 1972)
                                              




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 65 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Guido Ahle

Managing Director, Germany at Acando AB




Mija Jelonek Karlsson

Consultant at Acando AB





Carl-Magnus Månsson

Chief Executive Officer & President at Acando AB




Anneli Elisabet Lindblom

Chief Financial Officer at Acando AB





John Karnblad

Chief Technology Officer at Acando AB




Christer Norrman

Managing Director at Acando AB





Ferhat Kaya

Managing Director, Finland at Acando AB




Sven Ivar Mørch

Managing Director, Norway at Acando AB





Jan Ulf Sigvar J. Johansson

Director at Novo Nordisk A/S




Alf Svedulf

Director at Acando AB







See 55 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 55 More 


 


 Paths to Olof Åkesson



            Olof Åkesson          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Olof Åkesson






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Olof Åkesson.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



Head-Sales & Marketing

                                    Current                


Acando AB


                  Acando AB engages in the provision of consultancy services within the management and information technology industries. It operates through the following geographical segments: Sweden, Norway, Germany, and Other Group Items. The company was founded in March 2006 and is headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden.                




Manager-Sales

                                    1999 - ?                


Connecta AB


                  Connecta AB engages in the provision of management and information technology consulting services particularly management, enterprise, and digital consulting services. Management consulting includes advisory services, and company-wide change and transformation programs. Enterprise consulting involves supply chain, customer relationship, enterprise project, business intelligence, and business process management. Digital consulting is consists of digital workplace and collaboration solutions and services, as well as e-commerce and application development. The company was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden.                





 Other Affiliations




              Olof Åkesson is affiliated with
                            Acando AB, Connecta AB.
            




You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















Acando AB - Tele2 IoT







































LOG IN:
2CONTROL [TMCC]
2ENABLE [DeviceWise]
TELE2.COM
 










LOG IN:
2CONTROL [TMCC]
2ENABLE [DeviceWise]
TELE2.COM
 






 Tweet Share Share 






Tele2 IoT partner
Acando

I want to know more






 

“We believe in making a difference and the power of contrast. Together we envision tomorrow’s drivers while enhancing today’s reality. We call it accelerating transformation. We will continue to build northern Europe’s most modern consulting company. We believe that evolution and flexibility are mandatory. Technology creates possibilities. By bringing them together we drive change. What we do expands. How we do it challenges the ordinary. Where structure and visionary thinking meet, we make strategies come alive. Where experience and innovation become one, we make a difference. Acando has approximately 1,600 employees allocated over five countries. Acando had sales of more than SEK 2 billion in 2015 and is listed on the Nasdaq Stockholm.”







Products
"We believe that value realization, data and integration are important parameters for the IoT-solution. Start from the right end and look what the customer really wants. What problems do we solve? How to build the best solution? How to integrate the IoT-solution with existing systems? These are questions Acando can help out with, from idea via prototyping to realization and in some case maintenance and support.
We are a long term partner to our customers regarding consulting and digital solutions. Throug our business mindset in combination with deep technological know-how we deliver sustainable change and solutions to modern technology and platforms."








Product #1
Ideas & Pre-studies
Together with the customer we identify needs and alignment with the overall strategy. In a structured way we develop a proof of concept and the technological business model that will create value. Acando use a proven frame work for business development. From prerequisites, hypothesis and initiatives to generate initiatives and high level plans.













Product #2
System Integration & Transformation
Together with partners, for example Azure IoT Suite, we can realize the whole solution from sensors to integration with existing systems and platforms. We will for example address issues as security and how to use all the data collected in a smart way. As in most transformations the execution is vital as well as change management. 













Product #3
Advanced analytics
Make sure to create the most value of your data. Identify patterns and trends in large amount of data and use this to predict future events. We have the tools and platforms to create this, for example Microsoft Azure.








Visit partner website







LET'S WORK TOGETHER
Products & Services
Read more


LEARN WHO WE ARE
About us
Read more

















We use cookies:  Cookies are important to the proper functioning of our site, to improve your experience and to remember log-in details. By using our website you accept to our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy.  Read moreI understand 




	Market Report: Acando AB (ACAN) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




Acando AB (ACAN) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


                            Published On Demand - GlobalData 
                    
                - 25 pages 
                - USD $300 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Request Details


Related







SummaryAcando AB (Acando) is an information technology company that offers enterprise solutions, and IT and management consulting services. The company's services include management consulting, digital solutions, and enterprise solutions. Its management consulting solutions comprise sales and marketing excellence, supply chain management, strategy and transformation, finance and performance management, and strategic IT. Acando's enterprise solutions include SAP, micro-soft, dynamics, and application management. The company also provides digital solutions including business intelligence and IT solutions; and integration. It operates in Norway, Germany, Switzerland, and the UK. Acando is headquartered in Stockholm, Sweden.This comprehensive SWOT profile of Acando AB provides you an in-depth strategic analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled by GlobalData to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.This company report forms part of GlobalData's 'Profile on Demand' service, covering over 50,000 of the world's leading companies. Once purchased, GlobalData's highly qualified team of company analysts will comprehensively research and author a full financial and strategic analysis of Acando AB including a detailed SWOT analysis, and deliver this direct to you in pdf format within two business days. (excluding weekends).The profile contains critical company information including*,Business description - A detailed description of the company's operations and business divisions.Corporate strategy - Analyst's summarization of the company's business strategy.SWOT Analysis - A detailed analysis of the company's strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.Company history - Progression of key events associated with the company.Major products and services - A list of major products, services and brands of the company.Key competitors - A list of key competitors to the company.Key employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Executive biographies - A brief summary of the executives' employment history.Key operational heads - A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.Important locations and subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.Detailed financial ratios for the past five years - The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.Interim ratios for the last five interim periods - The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.Key benefits of buying this profile include,You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company's business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.Understand and respond to your competitors' business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.The company's core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events.Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies' strategic, financial and operational performance.Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.
Table of ContentsSection 1 - About the CompanyAcando AB - Key InformationAcando AB - OverviewAcando AB - Key EmployeesAcando AB - Key Employee BiographiesAcando AB - Key Operational HeadsAcando AB - Major Products and ServicesAcando AB - HistoryAcando AB - Company StatementAcando AB - Locations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeOther Locations & SubsidiariesSection 2 - Company AnalysisAcando AB - Business DescriptionAcando AB - Corporate StrategyAcando AB - SWOT AnalysisSWOT Analysis - OverviewAcando AB - StrengthsAcando AB - WeaknessesAcando AB - OpportunitiesAcando AB - ThreatsAcando AB - Key CompetitorsSection 3 - Company Financial Performance ChartsAcando AB - Financial RatiosFinancial Ratios - Capital Market RatiosFinancial Ratios - Annual RatiosFinancial Ratios - Interim RatiosFinancial Ratios - Ratio ChartsSection 4 - AppendixAppendixMethodologyRatio DefinitionsAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimerNote*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the companyList of TablesAcando AB, Key InformationAcando AB, Key RatiosAcando AB, Share DataAcando AB, Major Products and ServicesAcando AB, HistoryAcando AB, Key EmployeesAcando AB, Key Employee BiographiesAcando AB, Key Operational HeadsAcando AB, Other LocationsAcando AB, SubsidiariesAcando AB, Key CompetitorsAcando AB, SWOT AnalysisAcando AB, Ratios based on current share priceAcando AB, Annual RatiosAcando AB, Interim RatiosCurrency CodesCapital Market RatiosEquity RatiosProfitability RatiosCost RatiosLiquidity RatiosLeverage RatiosEfficiency RatiosList of FiguresAcando AB, Performance ChartAcando AB, Ratio Charts
This report does not have a list of Companies Mentioned available
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$300  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY:  By Email - 2  Business Days


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.












































	Press releases 2013 | Acando















































Acando Group




Acando Group
Sweden
Norway
Finland
Germany





Contact





Search










Media








Press releases EN


Regulatory Information


Press releases 2017


Press releases 2016


Press releases 2015


Press releases 2014


Press releases 2013


Press releases 2012


Press releases 2011


Press releases 2010


Press releases 2009


Press releases 2008




Press releases SE


Logotypes


Photo gallery







You are here: Acando Group > Media > Press releases EN > Press releases 2013
        
Press releases 2013



                        11/27/2013 12:49 PM
                    
NEW AG: New SAP ERP System Makes Accounting and Logistics Even More Efficient

                        New general ledger and process design by Acando and Stellwerk 

The company NEW AG based in Mönchengladbach has rolled out a new SAP ERP system with support from Stellwerk and Acando. Alongside economic considerations, the old system was replaced in order to redesign logistics and accounting processes and to introduce SAP New General Ledger.
                    



                        11/21/2013 12:00 PM
                    
Acando and Microsoft Support Students with IT Expertise

                        Initial Joint Knowledge Transfer at Flensburg University of Applied Sciences

In a joint program, Microsoft and Acando GmbH are supporting students with an affinity for IT to develop skilled personnel for the future. The first event called "Showtime: Microsoft Dynamics CRM in Practice" will take place at the Flensburg University of Applied Sciences on December 12, 2013.
                    



                        11/14/2013 12:00 PM
                    
Acando partners with MongoDB

                        The management and IT consultancy Acando GmbH is Services Partner to the leading NoSQL database MongoDB. The companies see common approaches primarily for business intelligence with real-time analysis and big data applications in B2B, product information and customer management. Customers benefit from a short time-to-market through an agile project approach and competitive, high-performance and scalable technology.
                    



                        10/25/2013 6:00 AM
                    
Acando - Interim Report January 1 - September 30, 2013

                        Third quarter, July 1 - September 30, 2013

  · Net sales SEK 296 m (321)
  · Operating profit SEK 3 m (18)
  · Operating margin 1.0% (5.5%)
  · Profit after tax SEK 2 m (12)
  · Earnings per share SEK 0.03 (0.17)

Accumulated, January 1 – September 30, 2013

  · Net sales SEK 1,033m (1,137)
  · Operating profit SEK 32 m (81)
  · Operating margin 3.1% (7.1%)
  · Profit after tax SEK 24 m (58)
  · Earnings per share SEK 0.34 (0.80)
  · Cash and cash equivalents SEK 81 m (75)
                    



                        10/22/2013 11:33 AM
                    
Acando develops E-Commerce Platform for the Promotion Pad from O2

                        In September, Telefónica Deutschland launched the new offer Promotion Pad from O2, which is especially geared towards retailers. The Promotion Pad acts as individual, digital advertising space on the sales floor. The Management and IT consultancy Acando GmbH developed the e-commerce solution, which operators can use to order and manage devices and accessories at www.o2.de/promotionpad. For purposes of customer management, the solution has been integrated into the CRM and inventory management system.
                    



                        9/30/2013 11:00 AM
                    
Nominating Committee appointed at Acando AB

                        In accordance with a resolution adopted at the Annual General Meeting of shareholders and further to consulting the Company's major shareholders, the chairman of the board of directors has appointed a nominating committee. 
                    



                        9/9/2013 11:13 AM
                    
BFI Mobile and Acando Present Windows 8.1 Mobile Client for Microsoft Dynamics CRM

                        The management and IT consultancy Acando GmbH and the mobility specialist BFI Mobile GmbH & Co. KG have announced a Windows 8.1 app for Microsoft Dynamics CRM. The solution expands the BFI Group’s product portfolio of mobile CRM clients for the latest version of Windows. CRM data is made available clearly for mobile devices. Customer-specific extensions can be integrated without any difficulty.
                    



                        9/5/2013 6:00 AM
                    
Acando strengthens its offering in Norway through the acquisition of e-vita AS

                        Acando is expanding in Norway through the acquisition of the Oslo-based consulting company e-vita AS with slightly more than 60 members of staff. e-vita AS provides IT solutions for optimizing business processes and is the market leader in Norway in portals and process solutions based on technology from Oracle.
                    



                        5/3/2013 6:00 AM
                    
Annual General Meeting in Acando

                        The following items were resolved at the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Acando AB (publ) held on 2 May, 2013: 
                    



                        5/3/2013 6:00 AM
                    
Acando’s Board of Directors has adopted the additional repurchase of treasury shares

                        The Board of Directors of Acando AB (publ.) has resolved to utilize the authorization granted by the 2013 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to repurchase shares in the company.
                    



                        5/2/2013 10:30 AM
                    
Acando: INTERIM REPORT FIRST QUARTER JANUARY 1 – MARCH 31, 2013

                        
  · Net sales SEK 366 m (408)
  · Operating profit SEK 18 m (34)
  · Operating margin 5.0% (8.4%)
  · Profit after tax SEK 14 m (24)
  · Earnings per share SEK 0.19 (0.34)
  · Cash and cash equivalents SEK 115 m (130)
                    



                        4/4/2013 11:00 AM
                    
Expert team specializing in enterprise mobility enhances the portfolio of Acando GmbH

                        The management and IT consultancy Acando has taken a team on board whose experts support companies with specific services related to mobile enterprise. The management consultancy is strengthening its existing portfolio in this area and consistently extending its range of products and services.
                    



                        3/27/2013 7:00 AM
                    
Notice to attend Acando’s Annual General Meeting, May 2, 2013

                        In accordance with NASDAQ OMX Stockholm AB’s Rule Book for Issuers, Acando AB hereby announces, through a press release, the content of the notice to attend Acando’s Annual General Meeting on May 2, 2013.
                    



                        3/12/2013 7:30 AM
                    
Acando enters international alliance within Microsoft Dynamics

                        Acando is now a member of the alliance Partner Power in order to strengthen its international reach and delivery to global customers. As a member of Partner Power Acando included in a network of prominent Dynamics Partners, which together cover about 60 countries in all continents. Acando is one of the largest suppliers of implementations, upgrade projects and management of Microsoft Dynamics AX and Dynamics CRM in Scandinavia.
                    



                        2/28/2013 9:00 AM
                    
Acando to present integration between CMS and PIM systems at CeBIT

                        Acando GmbH offers an efficient solution for multichannel product marketing at this year’s CeBIT: The management and IT consultancy that exhibits as a partner of e-Spirit AG presents the integration between the FirstSpirit CMS and the product information management system Heiler Enterprise PIM.
                    



                        2/14/2013 12:00 PM
                    
Acando Publishes CRM Connector for XING

                        The management and IT consultancy Acando GmbH now offers an application that establishes for the first time a direct connection between Microsoft Dynamics CRM and the business network XING. The Acando CRM Connector for XING supplements the forms of the CRM system by Microsoft with information from XING.
                    



                        2/6/2013 7:00 AM
                    
Acando YEAR-END REPORT 2012

                        Fourth quarter – October 1 – December 31, 2012

  · Net sales SEK 410 m (415)
  · Operating profit SEK 33 m (43)
  · Operating margin 8.1% (10.3%)
  · Profit after tax SEK 21 m (32)
  · Earnings per share amounted to SEK 0.29 (0.44)

Accumulated, January 1 – December 31, 2012

  · Net sales SEK 1,547 m (1,524)
  · Operating profit SEK 114 m (106)
  · Operating margin 7.4% (6.9%)
  · Profit after tax SEK 78 m (69)
  · Earnings per share amounted to SEK 1.09 (0.92)
  · Cash and cash equivalents SEK 115 m (113)
  · The Board of Directors intends to propose that the Annual General Meeting resolve on a dividend of SEK 1.00 per share, corresponding to a total of approximately SEK 71 m.
                    



                        1/31/2013 7:00 AM
                    
Acando signs framework agreement with global Swedish retail company





                        1/24/2013 12:00 PM
                    
RelaGain 5.0: Acando Launches New Release of CRM Industry Solution for Financial Service Providers

                        The management and IT consultancy Acando GmbH has launched release 5.0 for RelaGain – Acando CRM, after taking over the solution for financial service providers based on Microsoft Dynamics CRM from DATALOG Software AG in October 2012. The solution called RelaGain – Acando CRM was developed further technically and enhanced with important functions. The new release will be premiered to the greater public at the FONDS professionell conference in Mannheim on January 30 and 31.
                    

























Acando AB [ChiX] quote - Product overview - ChiX CH/DK/FI/NO/SE 















 










 
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.














     















Deutsch





español





suomi





français





italiano





Nederlands





português





русский





svenska





中文









Member's area



Login
Sign up
FAQ



















 Stock exchange


All Stocks


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US Tech 150


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


All indices


Europe Indices


NASDAQ COMPOSITE


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL


S&P500


FTSE 100


NIKKEI 225


EURO STOXX 50


CAC40


DAX30


IBEX 35


FTSE MIB 40


 Forex


All currency pairs


Forex (47 main pairs)


Forex (128 currency pairs)


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


 Commodities


All commodities


Gold (XAUUSD)


Silver (XAGUSD)


BRENT & WTI CRUDE OIL


Ranking


Products ranking


Traders ranking


Need technical analysis?


Technical analysis request


All technical analysis







 Stock exchange


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US NYSE Market 50


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


Major stock indices


Europe Indices


Indices Futures


Sector indices


United States


France


Germany


Spain


Italy


Netherlands


 Forex


128 currency pairs


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


 Commodities


All commodities







 Stock exchange


All Stocks


Euronext Stocks


US NASDAQ Stocks


US NYSE Stocks


US Tech 150


US NonTech 200


UK Stocks


UK AIM


UK 300


UK 200


 Indices


All indices


Europe Indices


NASDAQ COMPOSITE


DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL


S&P500


FTSE 100


NIKKEI 225


EURO STOXX 50


CAC40


DAX30


IBEX 35


FTSE MIB 40


 Forex


All currency pairs


Forex (47 main pairs)


Forex (128 currency pairs)


AUD currency pairs


CAD currency pairs


CHF currency pairs


EUR currency pairs


GBP currency pairs


JPY currency pairs


NZD currency pairs


USD currency pairs


EUR/USD


USD/JPY


 Commodities


All commodities


Other categories


Economic news


Political news


Financial markets


Global news







 Groups


Active Groups


Popular groups


New Groups


Groups Forum


 Forum


Main Forum


Stocks Forum


Indices Forum


Forex Forum


Commodities Forum


 Social Networks


CentralCharts Twitter


 Widgets & Services


Centralcharts' widget






 
 





Number of analysis



Number of traders



Since last analysis


 
Find a Product / Trader / Group :


Narrow your search...

Stocks
Forex
Indices
Commodities

Warrants
Bonds
ETF
Futures


Traders
Groups














 


















 



Acando AB [ChiX] 





OverviewQuotesChartNewsAnalysisWarrantsProfileWallForum 


 




-
 SEK				
(-)

  15 min delay - ChiX CH/DK/FI/NO/SE 










Open:
-


Change:
-


Volume:
-










Low:
-


High:
-


High / Low range:
-








Type:
Stocks


Ticker:
ACANB_SS


ISIN:

SE0000105116	
















Overview


Quotes


Chart


News


Analysis


Warrants


Profile


Wall


Forum














 






Acando AB [ChiX] overview



5 days quotes  15 min delay - ChiX CH/DK/FI/NO/SE



07/28/201707/31/201708/01/201708/02/201708/03/2017
 


Last27.40027.20027.75027.50027.850


Change (%)-2.14%-0.73%+2.02%-0.90%+1.27%


Volume8149014,1469,907295







5 days change : -0.54%






						Acando AB [ChiX] - More quotes...
Lastest analysis



No technical analysis



Lastest news





No news



Lastest discussions



No discussion












Follow this product



Post an Analysis




Request an analysis





							Add to a list						


Technical analysis requests

No technical analysis requests
See all analysis requests 



Statistics


Analysis							: 
Follower(s) : 




Currently on this Wall



Join these members now



				Activity on				Acando AB [ChiX]			





 





 










