

Frencken Group Limited: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































August 03, 2017 11:29 AM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of Frencken Group Limited



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Frencken Group Limited, an investment holding company, operates as a capital and consumer equipment service provider worldwide. It operates through two segments, Mechatronics and Integrated Manufacturing Services (IMS). The Mechatronics segment designs, develops, and produces precision-engineered systems and machines, complex electromechanical assemblies, and high precision parts and components for original equipment manufacturers. It offers integrated one-stop outsourcing solutions, such as product design, development, and prototyping; project management and engineering support; strategic purchasing and sourcing; manufacturing high precision parts and components; final test and assembly of ...
Frencken Group Limited, an investment holding company, operates as a capital and consumer equipment service provider worldwide. It operates through two segments, Mechatronics and Integrated Manufacturing Services (IMS). The Mechatronics segment designs, develops, and produces precision-engineered systems and machines, complex electromechanical assemblies, and high precision parts and components for original equipment manufacturers. It offers integrated one-stop outsourcing solutions, such as product design, development, and prototyping; project management and engineering support; strategic purchasing and sourcing; manufacturing high precision parts and components; final test and assembly of modules and complete systems/machines; and product life cycle management. This segment serves medical, semiconductor, analytical, pharmaceutical, and industrial/factory automation industries. The IMS segment offers integrated contract design and manufacturing services for automotive, office automation, tooling, and consumer and industrial electronics products. It provides a range of outsourcing services, including mechanical and electronic design and engineering support; tooling design and manufacture; plastic injection molded parts and components; printed circuit board assemblies; and final test and assembly of modules and box build products. The company also provides supply chain management services; modular and equipment system assembly, integration, testing, and commissioning services; and vacuum coating, thermal treatment, and other related services for plastic components. In addition, it manufactures sheet metal parts; designs, engineers, manufactures, and sells filters; manufactures and distributes plastic products and components; and designs and trades in micro-mechanical product components for automotive industry, as well as holds properties. Frencken Group Limited was founded in 1995 and is based in Perai, Malaysia.
Detailed Description


Plot 410, Lorong Perusahaan 8BPrai Industrial EstatePerai,  13600MalaysiaFounded in 19954,500 Employees



Phone: 60 4 388 3177

Fax: 60 4 388 3075

www.frenckengroup.com







Key Executives for Frencken Group Limited


Frencken Group Limited does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Frencken Group Limited Key Developments

Frencken Group Limited Announces Incorporation of New Subsidiary
Jun 30 17
The Board of Directors of Frencken Group Limited and together with its subsidiaries, announced that the group has incorporated a wholly-owned subsidiary, Frencken (Chuzhou) Co. Ltd. ("Frencken Chuzhou") in the People's Republic of China to set up a new factory in Chuzhou, Anhui Province with a registered capital of USD 12 million. Frencken Chuzhou will engage in principal business activities of manufacture and sale of precision injection moulded products, related secondary processes and modular assembly.


Frencken Group Limited Announces Unaudited Consolidated Earnings Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
May 11 17
Frencken Group Limited announced unaudited consolidated earnings results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. For the quarter, the company reported revenue of SGD 134,411,000 against SGD 114,017,000 a year ago. Profit before income tax was SGD 18,536,000 against SGD 4,376,000 a year ago. Profit attributable to equity holders of the company was SGD 16,275,000 or 3.95 cents per fully diluted basis against SGD 3,060,000 or 0.75 cents per fully diluted basis a year ago. Net cash from operating activities was SGD 6,927,000 against SGD 4,262,000 a year ago. Additions of intangible assets were SGD 156,000 against SGD 904,000 a year ago. Purchase of property, plant and equipment was SGD 4,127,000 against SGD 2,772,000 a year ago. Net asset value per ordinary share as at March 31, 2017 was 55.61 cents against 52.29 cents on December 31, 2016.


Frencken Group Limited to Report Q1, 2017 Results on May 11, 2017
May 3 17
Frencken Group Limited announced that they will report Q1, 2017 results After-Market on May 11, 2017


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 AJAX Foresight Global Manufacturing Sdn. Bhd. Asia All Star Fortress Sdn. Bhd. Asia All Star International Holdings Limited Asia AT Engineering Sdn. Bhd. Asia B-Two Technology Sdn. Bhd. Asia




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update


				\
	














 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Frencken Group Limited, please visit www.frenckengroup.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Frencken Group Limited












Home
Global Offices
Investor Contact
Site Map


Home
About Us
Business Divisions 


Investor Relations




















Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.









About Us

Business Overview
Vision Mission & Strategy
Corporate Directory
Global Operations
Group Operating Structure







 



Vision, Mission & Strategy 


Our Vision . . . is to be the "Best in Class" service provider in the markets that we operate in.
Our Mission . . . is to be the partner of choice to our customers for their design, development, manufacturing and total outsourcing needs and do our utmost to enable our customers to be successful in their markets.
Our Strategy . . . is to capitalize on our advanced technological and
manufacturing capabilities to provide strategic manufacturing partnerships that
enable our customers to channel their internal resources towards marketing,
product and technology development to gain a competitive advantage and strengthen market share. 








  Copyright © 2010 Frencken Group Limited. All right reserved
  





Frencken Group Limited












Home
Global Offices
Investor Contact
Site Map


Home
About Us
Business Divisions 


Investor Relations




















Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.









About Us

Business Overview
Vision Mission & Strategy
Corporate Directory
Global Operations
Group Operating Structure







 



Business Overview 



Frencken Group Limited ("Frencken") is a global high-tech capital and consumer equipment service provider. We are fully committed
towards providing complete and integrated 'one-stop' outsourcing solutions in
partnership with our valued customers. The Group, formerly known as ElectroTech
Investments Limited, is a public corporation listed on the Mainboard of the
Singapore Exchange since May 2005.




Comprehensive Value Added Services
The Group serves customers in Europe, Asia and the USA through a global network of operating subsidiaries. Leveraging on the capabilities of our strategically located facilities in The Netherlands, Singapore, Malaysia and China, the Group offers a comprehensive range of product solutions that span the entire value chain - from initial product design, development and prototyping, to engineering, final test, and series manufacturing. 





Strategic Partnerships


At Frencken Group, our aim is to provide customers with the competitive advantage to excel on a global scale through strategic partnerships that allow them to focus on their core activities. We have a track record of providing value add to the product design and development processes of customers. This has made us the preferred supplier to a broad spectrum of international companies that are leaders in their respective fields of expertise and markets.


Today, some of our customers include renowned companies such as ASML, Applera,
FEI Company, GE Healthcare, Kodak, MDS, Neopost Industrie, PANAlytical, Panasonic, Seagate, Siemens, Uhlmann and Valeo. Our customers hail from
diverse industries including medical, semiconductor, analytical, industrial/factory
automation, automotive, office automation and consumer electronics.





  Copyright © 2010 Frencken Group Limited. All right reserved
  



Frencken Group Ltd (FRENbi.SI)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Frencken Group Ltd (FRENbi.SI)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				FRENbi.SI on Stock Exchange of Singapore


				0.50SGD
--





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$0.50


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

10,750




52-wk High

$0.54


52-wk Low

$0.28












					Full Description



		Frencken Group Limited is a Singapore-based investment holding company. The Company is a capital equipment, automotive and consumer product solution provider. It offers integrated outsourcing solutions to a diversified customer base comprising global companies. The Company operates through two segments: Mechatronics and Integrated Manufacturing Services (IMS). The Mechatronics segment is engaged in the design and manufacture of complex electro-mechanical assemblies and automation systems for original equipment manufacturers. The Company's IMS segment is engaged in providing integrated solution to manufacture plastic components (including design and fabrication of mold) and printed circuit board assemblies (PCBAs) for assembly into modules and finished products. The IMS segment also designs and manufactures oil filters. The IMS segment has various operating sites in Southeast Asia (Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore and Indonesia), China, India, Switzerland and the Netherlands.
» Full Overview of FRENbi.SI







					Company Address



Frencken Group Ltd
c/o Precico Group Sdn. BhdPlot 410, Lorong Perusahaan 8BPrai Industrial EstatePRAI      13600
P: +604.3883077F: +604.3883075







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Soon Chai Gooi

--




							 Mohamad Anwar Au

--




							 Keng Yin Wong

--




							 Lai Huat Wong

--




							 Yean Choon Chin

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Frencken Group Ltd News




» More FRENbi.SI  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment




















E28.SI Profile | Frencken stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailSearchNewsFinanceSportLifestyleCelebrityMoviesWeatherFlickrMoreYahooSearchSearch0Singapore Markets closedStraits Times Index3,342.92-5.88 (-0.18%)Nikkei20,029.26-50.78 (-0.25%)Hang Seng27,531.01-76.37 (-0.28%)Frencken Group Limited (E28.SI)SES - SES Delayed Price. Currency in SGDAdd to watchlist0.52+0.02 (+4.00%)At close:  5:04PM SGTPeople also watchH17.SIF13.SIM14.SIF03.SIH16.SISummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical dataAnalystsFrencken Group LimitedPlot 410, Lorong Perusahaan 8BPrai Industrial EstatePerai 13600Malaysia60 4 388 3177http://www.frenckengroup.comSector: TechnologyIndustry: Diversified ElectronicsFull-time employees: 4,500Key executivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Mohamad  Anwar  AuPres and Exec. DirectorN/AN/AN/AMr. Chin Yean  ChoonChief Financial OfficerN/AN/AN/AMr. Liang Horng  WangVP of OperationsN/AN/AN/AMs. Choi Fan  Toon ACISJoint Company Sec.N/AN/AN/AMs. Mei Wan  Low ACIS, MSJoint Company Sec.N/AN/AN/AAmounts are as of , and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay includes salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in SGD.DescriptionFrencken Group Limited, an investment holding company, operates as a capital and consumer equipment service provider worldwide. It operates through two segments, Mechatronics and Integrated Manufacturing Services (IMS). The Mechatronics segment designs, develops, and produces precision-engineered systems and machines, complex electromechanical assemblies, and high precision parts and components for original equipment manufacturers. It offers integrated one-stop outsourcing solutions, such as product design, development, and prototyping; project management and engineering support; strategic purchasing and sourcing; manufacturing high precision parts and components; final test and assembly of modules and complete systems/machines; and product life cycle management. This segment serves medical, semiconductor, analytical, pharmaceutical, and industrial/factory automation industries. The IMS segment offers integrated contract design and manufacturing services for automotive, office automation, tooling, and consumer and industrial electronics products. It provides a range of outsourcing services, including mechanical and electronic design and engineering support; tooling design and manufacture; plastic injection molded parts and components; printed circuit board assemblies; and final test and assembly of modules and box build products. The company also provides supply chain management services; modular and equipment system assembly, integration, testing, and commissioning services; and vacuum coating, thermal treatment, and other related services for plastic components. In addition, it manufactures sheet metal parts; designs, engineers, manufactures, and sells filters; manufactures and distributes plastic products and components; and designs and trades in micro-mechanical product components for automotive industry, as well as holds properties. Frencken Group Limited was founded in 1995 and is based in Perai, Malaysia.Corporate governanceFrencken Group Limited’s ISS governance QualityScore as of N/A is N/A. The pillar scores are Audit: N/A; Board: N/A; Shareholder rights: N/A; Compensation: N/A.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while 10 indicates higher governance risk.Data DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)





