








Hirata Corporation | SEMI.ORG
































Skip to main content













 1.408.943.6900 
  
  
   |   Contact Us 



















Search form
Search




 







Select Regions 


Taiwan


Japan


Europe


Korea


North America

China
South East Asia


 

MEMBERS ONLY
LOG IN

 











Membership
Market Info
Standards
Advocacy

 













Toggle navigation




























Hirata Corporation







Hirata CorporationStreet Address: 4-5 Iwano,Ueki,Ｋumamoto-shiKumamotoJapan861-0136Web Site Address: http://www.hirata.co.jp/
Company Description: Assembly/Hybrid Equipment:  Device Handling, Base Loaders, Automation & Robotics, Pick & Place.  Factory Control (Automation Programming):  Logistics/Floor Controls, CAM/CIM Software/Hardware, Automatic Data Collection,  Systems Architecture, Production Control.  Process Equipment:  Automation & Robotics.  Test:  Automation & Robotics.
Company ID: 13136Join Date: Aug 1, 2003 

Address Map: 
Primary Industry: SemiconductorPrimary Product Category: Equipment and Sub-systemsPrimary Product Sub Category: Factory Automation and Control    




 



 
 







 








 

 




















（株）メディコスヒラタ Medico's Hirata Inc.













Medico's Hirata Inc. Medical Corporation is a manufacturing company from the sale of medical equipment. We hold regular seminars to conferences.

































Organizational Chart
Sales & Marketing Division
Technical / Administrative Divisions





Medical Device Representative

Our Medical Device Representatives visit medical institutions and distribute/gather  information on the latest medical devices.
 
The aim is to promote accurate and safe use of the latest medical  devices. Our professional staff does this by providing easy-to-understand  information on the devices. 
 




New Business Development

Our Technical/Administrative Divisions gather information on the  latest medical devices, and sifts through products to fulfill the constantly  changing needs of the medical front. Our very experienced staffs collaborate  with the manufacturer from as early as the investment stage on product  development, which is intrinsic to a foresighted trading company. 

	    As for our overseas manufacturers, we utilize our network with  local healthcare professionals to provide best services that will allow  smoother introduction of the state-of-the-art medical devices to Japan. 
 

Regulatory Affairs

We  gather information needed for regulatory approval, such as the device's  performance, safety and efficacy, on a global basis. We then document the  information and submit them to the Japanese government.


One  of the most important missions on regulatory affairs is to collaborate with  manufacturers around the world to promptly introduce the product into the  Japanese market, based on our extensive experience in regulatory approval.


At  Medico's Hirata, we work in tandem with the regulatory authority to fulfill the  application process, keeping an eye on the process from product development to  launch.



>>Click here for detailed information on our achievements

Safety Measures

We always look at things from a healthcare professional's  standpoint, and take all measures to ensure safe and efficient use of our  product. We believe that it is crucial to listen to physicians to draw out  plans for defect prevention, and in case of a discrepancy, measures to prevent  reoccurrences. Medico's Hirata will work together with healthcare professionals  to provide "assured safety" services for patients.
 

Quality Assurance

We also work on inspection and testing of medical devices, validation  and evaluation of the quality system of manufacturers, and actions that lead to  defect prevention. We strongly believe that we play a vital role in ensuring  the safety and reassurance of our products. 

Medico's Hirata constantly works on in-depth quality control and  improving quality assurance, to provide on-going, assuring quality of safe  products.





Product Distribution

At Medico's Hirata we utilize our rich experiences to work on  in-depth quality control for imports and domestically shipped products. To  provide customer reassurance upon using our product, we conduct high-quality  inventory control and assured delivery service.


Back to top








3-4-3 Edobori, Nishi-ku, Osaka 550-0002TEL +81-6-6443-9502  FAX +81-6-6443-2333





1-17-10 Nishikata, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0024 JAPANTEL +81-3-3815-9820  FAX +81-3-3815-3438



































To view PDF files, the newest Adobe Reader is required. Please download from here (free).


























Hirata USA













 


























Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.








 


Hirata Corporation of America




News and Case Studies


Contac Us

 








Global Network
Hirata US
Products
Applications
Core Competency
Customer Service
Career
 
















Standard Products






Cartesian Robots






Auto-Stocker






Cleanroom Equipment






Assembly Cell System (ACS)









 




Hirata Standard Products


In an effort to lower your costs and improve the delivery times to meet the aggressive timelines of today's manufacturing segment, Hirata offers a wide variety of standard products.
Automotive Production Standard Product Examples:



ACS Stations
Conveyors
Pallets
Station Stops
Part Lifters
Turntables
Rail Guided Vehicles
Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems
Lift Assist Devices




 
 


Flat Panel Examples:

Robots
Material Handling
Substraight Handling
Masking
Conveyance Devices




 
 


 
 


 
 













Copyright 2009

Indianapolis Office: 1 (317) 856 8600 - Detroit Office: 1 (248) 624 5300

















Line of Products / HIRATA & CO., LTD.


















中文
日本語


Privacy Policy
Site Map







About Us
News & Topics
Line of Products
Production
Our Group
Recruitment
Contact Us
Top







Line of Products









Line of Products
Products by Function
Products by Processing Method












 



Highlight of each factory

From Designing, Tooling to Mass Production

We supply our quality products to your best place with best pricing. Please try our Total stream supply chain. Engineering & Development Dept. has been creating prototype orders from Customers with new advanced equipment since Apr. 2006.

Cosmetic Parts

Hirata Shang Hai has launched new production (Pls. see below) - cosmetic parts of OA equipment. We will continue to enlarge the business of this area with the effort of cost saving and reliable quality.

Rubber Parts

Hirata Shen Zhen has started rubber parts production and processing. We are full in running of 20 machines (40 processing surfaces).
			  Platen roller for photo-printers are under development.We are also aiming to establish total supply chain from sampling (Japan) to mass production (Shen Zhen).

Material Procurement

IPO has been independentaly located in Japan for the purpose of centralized procurement. We will continuously research and cultivate new material and inform you a.s.a.p.

Introducing New Prototype Product

we have launched "Aluminum pipes" sampling as new item. They are well known as "Idling transfer roller".







back to top
Raw Material/ form we use

Acrylonitrile Butadiene Styrene (ABS), Polycarbonate (PC), Polypropylene (PP), Polyethylene (PE), Polyacetal (POM),  Polymethylmethacrylate (PMMA), Polyethylene Terephthalate (PET), Polyimide (PI), Teflon (PTFE), Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC),  Polyurethane(PUR), Urethane (U), Silicone (SI), NeopreneｷChloroprene (CR), Ethylene Propylene Methylene Linkage (EPDM), NR, Nitrile Rubber (NBR), (FKM), and other

Main form of Products

Heat insulation, Anti-vibration and shock-proofing insolator, Double-adhesive tape, Urethane sponge, Moquette sheet, Meshed sheet, Non Woven Fabrics, Water absorbing sheet & sheet, Right diffusion sheet, Scattering sheet, Static control sheet, Electromagnetic wave control sheet, Water detecting sheet, Magnetic rubber, Cork, Gasket, and the conduction/insulation of various materials, etc.

back to top

























Hirata USA









 


























Content on this page requires a newer version of Adobe Flash Player.








 
 Hirata Corporation of America
 
 



News and Case Studies

Contact Us







Global Network
Hirata US
Products
Applications
Core Competency
Customer Service
Career
 















Business Segments






Industry Experience






Innovation






Strategic Alliances





 

__________________________ 




 


 





Processing Expertise Across a Wide Array of Industries


Hirata Corporation of America (HCA) is known throughout the NAFTA region in many industries as the world's leader of production engineering systems. Hirata serves many diverse manufacturing industries, from semiconductors that demand a high degree of precision and cleanliness, to more conventional large scale manufacturing applications like engine   / transmission assembly or tire production. 
The breadth of our experience is unmatched by others. We often leverage our know-how and technology learned in one industry and apply it to another seemingly dissimilar industry. We've demonstrated time and again our ability to raise our customers' productivity, lower cost, and improve return on investment with solutions that are both affordable and durable.
 

                    

                  




 

                      Key Customer References


Powertrain Group
Toyota, Honda, General Motors, Chrysler, Cummins, Allison, Hyundai, Ford, Nissan, Jatco


Light Assembly Group
Denso, Continental, Siemens, Dell, Autoliv


Production Group
Toyota, Honda, General Motors, Chrysler, Autoliv, Cummins, Allison, Hyundai, Ford, Nissan, Denso, Continental, Siemens


Key Industries Served


Powertrain / Vehicle Systems / Electronics / Alternate Energy / Solar / Battery Systems / General Consumer Goods / Food Service / Flat Panel / Aerospace / Medical Instruments / Pharmaceutical / Tire / Components











Copyright 2009

Indianapolis Office: 1 (317) 856 8600        - Detroit Office: 1 (248) 624 5300








Electronics & Electrical Appliance production equipment | About Hrata | HIRATA Corporation.



































































HOME/
Products Info/
Electronics & Electrical appliance production equipment




We manufacture and market production equipment intended for makers of home electronics and electrical appliances such as flat-screen televisions, refrigerators and more.











Home electronics related automated assembly lines




We provide equipment and systems that can assemble hard disk drives where the method to supply components can be selected matched to high speed transfers and the products with a high level of cleanliness. We also provide equipment and systems that can attach the glass panel, backlight, and printed circuit boards to the frame of the panel component of large flat-screen televisions.








Automated hard disk assembly lines 



Automated large flat-screen television assembly lines 



Refrigerator assembly lines 









 

Automated hard disk assembly lines 



 

Automated large flat-screen television assembly lines 



 

Refrigerator assembly lines 








Electronic components, others




We are capable of supporting various sizes and configurations of automated assembly systems for compressors in refrigerators and air conditioners and the high speed assembly of small capacitors that are incorporated in electronic components.








Compressor assembly system 



Capacitor assembly equipment 










 

Compressor assembly system 



 

Capacitor assembly equipment 



























































Teach Pendant | Robot controllers | Industrial Robots | Products Info | HIRATA Corporation.






















































Home/
Products Info/
Industrial Robots/
Teach Pendant






Robot controller






This product is used for these fields.








Teach Pendant



Teach pendant for HNC-9xx series robot controller
 


CE marking　H-3807


Standard　H-3335


Category 3　H-3332

[Features]


Outside dimension107 mm (W) x 238 mm (D) x 40 mm (H)（Excluding protrusion）






Weight1kg (upon 4 m cable)






DisplayLCD (20 Digits × 4 Lines, Monochrome Display)



































































































（株）メディコスヒラタ Medico's Hirata Inc.














Medico's Hirata Inc. Medical Corporation is a manufacturing company from the sale of medical equipment. We hold regular seminars to conferences.




































Endoscopic Guidewire M-Through launched



2016/9/28 

							Medico’s Hirata announces the launch of the “M-Through” endoscopic guide wire for gastroenterological treatments.“M-Through” guidewire is one of the products regarding the collaborative development between Medico’s Hirata and Asahi Intecc Co., Ltd. 
To guide a device such as a stent or stone crushing device to the biliary or pancreatic duct, an endoscopic guidewire is generally used from the tip of the endoscope advanced into the duodenum. However, the biliary or pancreatic duct is not only branched into smaller ducts but also may be stenosed, occluded or twisted due to the existence of tumors or stones.  
In such cases, it is more difficult to get the endoscopic guidewire to reach the target site.
For this reason and thanks to our expertise in the GI field and input from our medical advisors in this arena, we brought this product into life to implement the following advantages:
1.	Excellent torque performance
2.	Ability to help the device to reach the target site
3.	Pursued safety (atraumatic to the biliary or pancreatic duct)

As these features enable the user to choose a better route from among the highly branched biliary ducts, etc., the accessibility to the target site is improved with the possibility to ensure the device to be delivered to the desired location. This product also provides a high manipulation capability so that the physician’s delicate feelings in the fingers can be reflected.

Trade name: Endoscopic Guidewire
Certification Number: 228ADBZX00018000
Marketing Approval Holder: Asahi Intecc Co., Ltd.
Distributor: Medico’s Hirata Inc.
-	The “M-Through” is Asahi Intecc’s trademark or registered trademark in its territories of Japan and other countries.
						






 

Medico’s Hirata Becomes the Designated Marketing Approval Holder of the Aln Vena Cava Filter



2016/8/16 

							Medico’s Hirata has previously taken over the marketing rights of ALN Implants Chirurgicaux Limited liability company’s “ALN Vane Cava Filter and ALN Vena Cava Filter Extraction Kit (Trade names)” (Marketing Approval Holder: Piolax Medical Devices, Inc.) from Toray Medical. In addition, Medico’s Hirata today announces that we　will start providing the products as the designated marketing approval holder (DMAH) for ALN, who has obtained the regulatory approval under its name.  

The products approved for Piolax Medical Device currently on the market will be switched to those approved for ALN as the stock becomes unavailable.
This will not affect the specifications of the products but cause changes to the Approval numbers, Trade names, Product names, Catalog numbers.

[Products approved for ALN]
Approval No.
   22800BZI00007000
Trade name
   Aln Vena Cava Filter
Product name
   Aln Vena Cava Filter
   Aln Vena Cava Filter Extraction Kit
Catalog No.
   FJ.120096
   FF.010995
   FT.200001
   FT.200001/VS2

 [Products approved for Piolax Medical Devices, Inc.]
Approval No.
   21800BZY10233000 (Filter)
   22100BZX00190000 (Extraction Kit)


Trade name
   Aln Vena Cava Filter
   Aln Vena Cava Filter Extraction Kit
Product name
   Aln Vena Cava Filter
   Aln Vena Cava Filter Extraction Kit
Catalog No.
   ALN030-28J
   ALN060-28F
   ALN090-10
   ALN090-10A
   ALN090-20
   ALN090-20A
						





 

LSO Medical “Endothermelaser 1470” launched



2016/3/15 

							Medico’s Hirata announces the launch of LSO Medical’s “EndothermelaserTM 1470” (Trade name: LSO1470 Laser, Approval No. 22700BZX00311000).

The EndothermelaserTM 1470 is a laser device for the treatment of varicose veins in the lower extremities developed by LSO Medical, a French company that designs and manufactures medical lasers as its area of specialty.
Endovenous laser ablation of varicose veins in the lower extremities with this device is a treatment to occlude the venous wall by shrinking it with the circumferential laser beam at a wavelength of 1470nm irradiated from the laser fiber which is percutaneously inserted in the saphenous vein.  

In Japan, this is a relatively new treatment approved to be reimbursed in 2011, drawing attention these days as a less invasive procedure for treating varicose veins without major dissection.
The efficacy and safety of the EndothermelaserTM 1470 was assessed in a clinical trial with three Japanese centers participated in, and it can be used with a 5F sheath, which is thinner than that used with conventional products.
						






 

STARmed “VIVARF System” launched



2015/9/7 

							Medico’s Hirata announces that it has received regulatory approval of STARmed’s “VIVARF System” (Trade name: RFA Lesion System, Approval No.: 22700BZX00035000). 
The VIVARF System is a device for percutaneous puncture of the malignant tumors in the liver to necrotize it with radiofrequency ablation.
Medico’s Hirata provides the first adjustable electrodes (VIVARF electrode) in Japan in addition to the conventional fixed electrodes (as of Aug. 4, 2015).

-	VIVARF System (VIVARF Generator, VIVARF Pump)
-	VIVARF electrode (electrode, ground pads and pump connecting tubes)
-	star RF electrode (electrode, ground pads and pump connecting tubes)
-	Components (VIVARF Generator, VIVARF Pump, VIVARF Foot Switch Set, VIVARF Single Foot Switch, VIVARF Double Foot Switch)
						






 

Press release announcing the nation’s first Japan-US joint clinical trial in the field of neuroendovascular therapy available



2014/9/30 

							Medicos Hirata announces the commencement of its global clinical trial of a new stent for treating wide-neck intracranial aneurysms jointly conducted with Penumbra, Inc.
For further details, please refer to the press release below.

http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20130930006724/ja






 

Lombard Medical “AORFIX AAA Stent Graft System” approved



2014/8/1 

							Medico’s Hirata announces that it has received regulatory approval of Lombard Medical’s “AORFIXTM AAA Stent Graft System” (Trade name: AORFIX AAA Stent Graft System, Approval No. 22600BZX00317000).
AORFIXTM is an AAA stent graft recommended to be launched as soon as possible at the “20th Meeting to Discuss the Early Launch of Highly Demanded Medical Devices, etc.”
as a device usable for the highly angulated AAA anatomies, including aortic neck angulation beyond 60 degrees up to 90 degrees, which were not indicated for conventional stent grafts.
						






 

“Products” page renewed



2014/8/1 

							Medico’s Hirata has renewed its product descriptions page.
We hope that we can remain to be of service to you.
						






 

PTA balloons for peripheral vascular intervention launched



2014/7/7 

							Medico’s Hirata announces the launch of three PTA balloon catheters for peripheral vascular intervention, “Bellona”, “Bellona OTW” and “DIVA” as follows:

-	Bellona (Approval No.: 22200BZX00115A02)
-	Bellona OTW (Approval No.: 22300BZX00146A02)
-	DIVA (Approval No.: 22100BZX01012A03)
						






 

Exclusive distribution agreement with Lombard Medical Technologies PLC



2013/2/20 

							Medico's Hirata concluded an exclusive distribution agreement for Japanese market with Lombard Medical Technologies PLC( which headquarter is in Britain), for their flagship product;  endovascular stent graft to treat abdominal aortic aneurysm(AAA).
For more details, please refer their homepage.

http://www.lombardmedical.com/index.php







 

Exclusive distributor agreement with Medi-Globe GmbH



2012/8/14 

							Medico’s Hirata entered into an exclusive distributor agreement with Medi-Globe GmbH for the Japanese market.  
Medi-Globe GmbH, headquartered in Germany, sells endoscopy-related devices in approx. 50 countries around the world.  
Medico’s Hirata will serve as a sole distributor of Medi-Globe GmbH products in Japan. 
We believe that we will be able to help better endoscopic testing and treatment in the gastrointestinal, bilio pancreatic and respiratory fields in the future.
						






 

New convex-type ultrasound endoscope (HOYA Corporation) launched



2012/8/1 

							Medico’s Hirata started distributing the new endoscopic ultrasound scope EG-3270UK (manufactured by PENTAX Lifecare, a division of Hoya Group) on August 1, 2012.
We hope that this convex-type device with a slim insertion tube compared with the conventional convex-type ultrasound endoscopes, will achieve not only mitigation of patients’ pain but also smooth testing by healthcare professionals.
						






 

Launch of Dualoop Snare



2011/10/1 

							Medico’s Hirata announces the launch of its self-developed “Dualoop ® Snare”, a disposable endoscopic radiofrequency snare (Cert. no. 223ADBZX00031000) .This product makes possible 2 loop sizes (16mm and 33mm) in a single device to treat various sized lesions in EMR procedures. The wire has an optimal stiffness to capture polyps easily, and to maintain flatness while grasping.
						






 

Reimbursement of Penumbra Systems



2011/10/1 

							Penumbra System (Approval no. 22300BZX00269000; Penumbra Inc., USA), a clot retrieval device for acute stroke will be reimbursed. 
The Penumbra System received marketing approval by the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare on June 9th, 2011. It treats acute stroke by inserting a catheter connected to the aspiration pump under radioscopy, through a patient’s femoral artery, and aspirating/retrieving clots in the affected area. 
This product is indicated for acute stroke patients presented within 8 hours of symptom onset, who are contraindicated to t-PA or did not achieve revascularization by t-PA administration.
						






 

Launch of SeeMore, Interson’s USB Ultrasound Imaging probe



2011/7/1 

							Medico’s Hirata announces the launch of the SeeMore USB Ultrasound Imaging probe　(Interson, U.S.).
SeeMore probes plug directly into the USB port of a Windows PC via USB cable.         The combination of the SeeMore probe and a light, compact laptop PC enables physicians to have ultrasound anywhere, anytime such as a patient’s home or ward round.
						






 

Launch of “New Route 1012”micro guidewire.



2011/4/1 

							Medico’s Hirata announces the launch of “New Route 1012” micro guidewire.
This guidewire with a highly durable tip can be easily shaped, enabling a reliable approach to the target in Neuro-intervention.
						






 

Concluded an exclusive distributorship agreement with STARmed Co.,Ltd.



2011/2/7 

							We concluded an exclusive distributorship agreement in Japan with STARmed 
Co.Ltd. STARmed is a manufacturer/seller of radiofrequency ablation devices. 
For details, please refer to STARmed’s company website.

http://www.starmed4u.com







 

Concluded a distributor agreement with HOYA Corporation.



2010/10/21 

							Medico’s Hirata and HOYA Corporation concluded a distributor agreement in Japan on October 12th, for sales of PENTAX line ESD products and endoscopic ultrasound scopes, manufactured and sold by HOYA Corporation. 
We will promote the sales of the endoscopic ultrasound scopes, used with an observation apparatus manufactured by Hitachi Medical Corporation, as a three-party joint project.
						






 

Started dealing in Accumetrics, Inc.’s products



2010/7/30 

							We have started dealing in lab testing equipment of Accumetrics, Inc. in the US.
This equipment allows users to measure the activated amount of platelet aggregation and the inhabitation ratio with Accumetrics’ own algorithm.  This will help basic research in selecting vascular treatment methods and medication in Japan.
						






 

Medico’s Hirata has released Lung Point(R) Software Planning Version



2010/7/1 

							We now sell “LungPointⓇ Software Planning Version” by Broncus Technologies Inc. *1
This software system offers various assistance in planning treatment before actually performing Bronchoscopy, which includes laying out 3D images to help　determine which airway path to select. Since the system allows smooth airway path search, it definitely opens up a dozen of possibilities for the future.

*1 http://www.broncus.com







 

M-jector Needle released



2010/6/24 

							We have started selling our own product, M-jector ® Needle (Disposable Endoscopic Injection Needle).  This product meets appropriate conditions of use when using with an endoscope in ESD / EMR treatment.  This is designed to enable safe and reliable thrust into a mucosal wall of the gastrointestinal tract and smooth injection of a highly viscous medical agent such as an injected agent. 
We are currently seeking overseas business partners.







 

Homepage Renewal



2010/6/18 

							Medico's Hirata's homepage has been renewed. Please take a look.
						







Back to top








3-4-3 Edobori, Nishi-ku, Osaka 550-0002TEL +81-6-6443-9502  FAX +81-6-6443-2333





1-17-10 Nishikata, Bunkyo-ku, Tokyo 113-0024 JAPANTEL +81-3-3815-9820  FAX +81-3-3815-3438



































To view PDF files, the newest Adobe Reader is required. Please download from here (free).
















Hirata Products - Hirata Engineering Europe















The Global Production Engineering Company
Deutsch



Company

Hirata Engineering Europe
References
History
Hirata Corporation Japan
Global network


Engineering

Products

Auto-Stocker
SCARA robots
Semiconductor production equipment
Linear axes and Cartesian robots
Assembly Cell
Controller & Software



Applications

Palletiser and Depalletiser systems
Assembly
Adhesive bonding and Potting
Measurement and Testing
Odd shape component insertion
Soldering



Support

FAQs
Data sheets
Manuals
CAD-Files


Contact / Imprint























Products

Palletiser
SCARA robots
Semiconductor production equipment
Cartesian robots

Controller & Software






Contact


                     Hirata Engineering Europe GmbH
                     Am Sägewerk 7
                     D-55124 Mainz
                     Germany
                  

                     Tel: +49 6131 9413-0
                     Fax: +49 6131 9413-13
                     E-mail: info@hirata.de
                  



Sitemap

Enterprise
Engineering
Products
Applications
Support
Contact / Legal details



















Welcome to Hirata FA  Engineering (S) Pte Ltd

















































 






























































 




 





DEFINING ADVANTAGE
We define advantage as system integrator is committed to delivering customized and dedicated solutions.
Learn More




























 





 





 





 





 





 









 




Latest News












Announcement of Hirata Corporation change in the Market Listing to the 1st Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange

15 June


Hirata Corporation (“the Company”) is pleased to announce the Change in the Company’s listing...



25th Anniversary Celebration, 2016

15 November


Hirata FA Engineering (S) Pte Ltd has marked a significant milestone in 2016 and...



MSE 2016

14 October


Hirata first participated in Manufacturing Solutions Expo (MSE) 2016 under Singapore Pavilion which is...



SMF Sustainable Growth Award 2016

13 October


Hirata FA Engineering (S) Pte.Ltd. (HSL) has been selected as a Winner for the...



Appreciation of Innovation, 2015

12 September


Hirata FA Engineering (S) Pte Ltd is proudly received Certificate of Appreciation for Auto...



Partnership Award from Dyson, 2016

26 July


Hirata Corporation (HIRATA) is pleased to announce that we received the Partnership Award from...



Recognition Award Lean from Dyson, 2015

24 November


Hirata Corporation is pleased to announce that we received the Recognition Award Lean from...



Industrial Automation Fiesta 2015

19 September


Hirata first participated the robotics exhibition organised by ALLCORP in Johor, Malaysia. Date 17th...



Factory Network Business Conference 2015

27 June


We are very pleased to announce our second participated in Factory Networking to be...



PT Hirata Engineering Indonesia Opening Ceremony

23 April


It is with great pleasure that we announced our grand opening of PT Hirata...








GLOBAL
NETWORK






South East Asia
Hirata FA Engineering (S) Pte. Ltd. (Jurong Town, Singapore)
Hirata FA Engineering (M) Sdn. Bhd. (Johor, Malaysia)
Hirata Engineering (Thailand) Co., Ltd. (Bangkok, Thailand)
PT. Hirata Engineering Indonesia (Jawa Barat, Indonesia)


Asia
Hirata Automated Machinery (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (Fengxian, Shanghai, China)
Hirata Mechanical Equipment Sales (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (Min Hang, Shanghai, China)
Taiwan Hirata Corporation (Taoyuan, Taiwan)


Europe
Hirata Engineering Europe GmbH (Mainz, Germany)







Japan
Headquarters/Kumamoto Plant
Tokyo Sales Office
Kumamoto Plant (East Plant)
Kusuno Plant
Shichijo Plant
Kansai Plant
Kanto Plant


North America
Hirata Corporation of America (Detroit, USA)
Hirata Corporation of America (Indianapolis, USA)
Hirata Engineering S.A.De C.V (Saltillo, Mexico)


































