




HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd.







HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd.

HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd.


Web site Map



For Japanese








HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd.
Business Introduction
Product Information
Company Information
Investor Relations
Technical News Library
Inquiry





Product Information
Coating and Laminating Machinery
Industrial Machinery
Research & Experiment Factory: Technicum
Technicum: Table for testing machines and products
Technicum: Testing machine features
Polymer organic EL manufacturing equipment
Environmental Barrier Coating
Core technology
List of coating and laminating equipment
Coating and laminating equipment
Coating and laminating technology
Drying System
C.C.C. System



Coating and Laminating Machinery
Industrial Machinery
Research & Experiment Factory: Technicum

| Terms of Use | Web site map | Policy for the protection of personal information | Japanese |
			| Company Information | Investor Relations | Map | Inquiry |




Hybrid coater


Headquarters
Access Map
101-1 Kawai, Kawai-cho, Kitakatsuragi-gun, Nara, JAPAN
+81-745-57-0681
Tokyo Branch Office
Hulic Kanda Bldg.3F, 1-16, Kandasudacho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 101-0041, JAPAN
+81-3-5289-8834





Copyright © HIRANO TECSEED Co.,Ltd All Rights Reserved.








HIRANO GIKEN KOGYO Co., LTD. | Message



















japanese
english





Home
Product Introduction
Test Machines
Systematixed Techniques
Company Information
Location
Contact Us
Links








Home

       >
       
Company Information


>       
Message



Company Information

Message
Environment
Company Profile
History
Location
Links




Message




As a machine manufacturer that creates the future, HIRANO GIKEN KOGYO wields high technology for the benefit the society.
HIRANO GIKEN KOGYO enhances mutual trust and harmony amongst people to help produce a higher level of humanity.
As a member company of the HIRANO Group centered on HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd., HIRANO GIKEN KOGYO has developed high-precision film stretching technology and high-temperature lamination technology on the basis of its drying and heat treatment technology.　


HIRANO GIKEN KOGYO has been delivering distinctive equipment that is born out of the encounter with press technology for making powder into sheets between the needs from customers and our seeds and gaining the favor of customers.


Especially, in the fields of optics, energy, electronics device, office equipment, food and medical care, we are making an effort to earn the trust of users by developing new products on the basis of our proprietary technologies and giving proposal for further improvement of productivity with regard to related equipment.

Recently, the pace of technical innovation in industries has been accelerating. Therefore, HIRANO GIKEN KOGYO incessantly and deeply researches technology as a company that can contribute to the growth and development of customers in this situation. We hope for your further support in the future.








PAGE TOP
Copyright(c)HIRANO GIKENKOGYO Co.,Ltd. all rights reserved.







Company Profile for Hirano Tecseed Co Ltd



























































X



Edition:

India


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Hirano Tecseed Co Ltd (6245.T)





Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    










				6245.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				1,612JPY
3 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥14


					            (+0.88%)
					        






Prev Close

¥1,598


Open

¥1,598




Day's High

¥1,620


Day's Low

¥1,580




Volume

40,600


Avg. Vol

87,109




52-wk High

¥1,718


52-wk Low

¥879












					Full Description



		HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd. is a Japan-based company mainly engaged in the manufacture and sale of coating machines-related and chemical machines-related equipment, among others. The Coating Machines-related segment manufactures and sells coating and laminating-related machines such as magnetic tapes, composite films for wrapping, adhesive tapes, synthetic leathers, floor materials, wallpaper, decorative sheets, insulating plates, as well as drying and heat disposal machines, among others. The Chemical Machines-related segment manufactures and sells macromolecular chemical machines such as machines for plastic films, film formations, electrical printed circuit boards (PCBs) and ceramic sheet moldings, high-heat processing equipment, drying and heat disposal machines and others. The Others segment manufactures and sells dyeing machines and various machinery parts, as well as provides repair and remodeling services. As of March 31, 2014, the Company had three subsidiaries.
» Full Overview of 6245.T







					Company Address



Hirano Tecseed Co Ltd
101-1, Kawai, Kawai-choKITAKATSURAGI-GUN   NRA   636-0051
P: +81745.570681F: +81745.571075







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Shigemi Matsuba

--




							 Tsugio Kaneko

--




							 Kazuo Sadayasu

--




							 Munenori Yasui

--




							 Hideo Miura

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Hirano Tecseed Co Ltd News




» More 6245.T  News
















Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment

























    Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd. | Solar Components | Japan

 





















 









        "Almost every page on ENF has only one very targeted advert.  Consider disabling ad blocking on this website."
    





ENF Solar

Accelerating the Industry
 Language:English中文日本語한국어العربيةFrançaisEspañolDeutschItaliano























                        Solar Components
                    






                            Hirano Tecseed
                        










                    Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd.
                






                                    101-1 Kawai, Kawai-cho, Kitakatsuragi-gun 636-0051 Nara, Japan
                            






                                    +81 745 570681
                            






                                    +81 745 571075
                            







                        www.hirano-tec.co.jp
                    







                                    Japan  
























                    Staff Information
                



                                No. Staff
                            

                                250
                            





                Business Details
            



                            Component Types
                        

                            Battery
                        







                        Last Update
                    

                        2 Sep 2013
                                                    
                                Update above information
                            









        Report Error
    


Web Page *





Comments *





Name 





Email 






Submit
Sending
 Cancel











 



HIRANO TECSEED Co.,Ltd.

























































											Welcome, visitor! [ Register | Login ] 
		





















 







会社・製品登録
Home
Search

Categories
Prefectures of Japan


Events

Energy
Fashion and Apparel
Foods and Drinks
Gifts and Handicrafts
Green Business
IT
Science and Technology
Transportation


News

Beauty & Fashion
Culture and Society
Economy & Market
Energy
Foods and Drinks
Green Business
Manufacturing & Production
Science and Technology
Sports and Health News
Transportation
Travel and Tourism


Reports

Awards and Honors
Cool Advertisements
Foods and Drinks
Green Business
Health & Beauty
International Cooperation
Key Persons
Products & Services
Science and Technology
Transportation


Exhibitions
Promo Videos
Newsletter














← Return to HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd. – Coating and Laminating Technology

HIRANO TECSEED Co.,Ltd.

By JAPAN PRODUCTS
|
Uploaded 02/08/2013 | Full size is 584 × 200 pixels
                                    
                                





← prev   















Home
CategoriesAgriculture Animal husbandry Farm Machinery Flowers & Plants Animals Aquarium Fish Pest Control Apparel & Clothing Baby Clothing Childrens Clothing Garment Accessories Audio and Sound Musical Instrument Other Soundproofing Materials Speakers & Subwoofers Automobiles Auto Accessories Auto Electrical System Auto Engine System Beauty & Personal Care Baby Care Products Bath Supplies Beauty Equipment Buffing & Polishing Business Services Advertising Services Agency Services Design Services Chemicals Catalysts & Auxiliary Agents Chemical Machinery & Equipment Flavors and Fragrance Coating & Paint Coating Lacquer Others Computer Hardware & Software Computer Accessories Computer Parts Computer Softwares Construction & Real Estate Building Apparatus Cleaning & Maintenance Construction Consumer Electronics Air Conditioners and Air Purifiers Audio & Video Batteries & Chargers Cool Japan Cool Kanagawa Cool Products Cool Reports Electrical & Electronics Supplies AFC Components / Bonding Connectors & Terminals EMI / RFI and ESD Energy Products Batteries Gas Energy Products Generators Entertainment and Media Production Broadcasting System Mobile Games Environment and Nature Clean Water Recycling and Waste Treatment Fashion Accessories Bags Belts Eyewear Food & Beverage Drinks Food Equipment Food Ingredients Gifts & Crafts Art & Collectible Home Goods Other Gifts & Crafts Hardware & Mechanical Parts Bearings and Gears Bolts, Screws, Fasteners General Hardware Health & Wellness Elderly Care Products & Services Health Food Herbs & Medicines Heating and Cooling Systems Cooling Systems Heating System Metal Heat Treatment Home & Garden Bathroom Products Dining Products Furniture Hotels, Travel & Venue Hotels & Ryokan Travel Services Industrial Machinery Air Conditioning Coating and Laminating Machinery Construction Machinery Industrial Supplies Adhesives Aluminum Mesh and Netting International Exchange Fukuoka Kanagawa Kitchen Tools & Equipment Canisters and Boxes Food System Machines Freezer Lens Camera Optical Lens Lights & Lighting LED / OLED Lighting Accessories Lighting Bulbs & Tubes Looking For Buy Materials Film Products Glass and Crystal Products Metal Products Measurement Instruments Electrical Instruments Electronic Measuring Instruments Flow Measuring Instruments Medical Medical Equipment & Devices Medical Implements Medical Supplies News Announcement Economy & Markets News Environment Office & School Supplies Filing Products Interior Products Office Equipment Product Guide Regions of Japan Aichi Companies and Products Akita Companies and Products Aomori Companies and Products Research and Development Biotechnology Chemical Materials Medical and Health Security & Protection CCTV Products Computer Security Software Emergency Equipment Shoes & Footwear Children Footwear Men Footwear Other Shoes & Footwear Slitting & Rewinding Sports & Entertainment Other Sports & Entertainment Sports Supplies Telecommunications Accessories Antennas Equipment Textile & Leather Products Fabric Home Textile Leather Tools Other Tools & Tool Parts Tool Accessories Tool Parts Toys Arts & Crafts Toys Baby Toys Educational Toys Vehicles & Transportation Aircrafts Boats & Ships Logistics Services 
Contact Us
Volunteers
About Us
Services







 






We introduce Japan companies who produce high quality Japanese products and services.

© 2017 JAPAN PRODUCTS: Business Directory of Japanese Companies. All Rights Reserved.
























 




























Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd., 101-1 Kawai, Kawai-cho, Kitakatsuragi-gun, Nara, Japan, 636-0051 | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 













磐聚网

菜单 





磐聚网


解决方案

采购商
供应商
物流公司
政府机关
数据分析



产品

台
企业版
定制服务



数据

美国贸易数据
墨西哥贸易数据
巴西贸易数据
中 & 南美洲数据
中国贸易数据
趋势分析工具
磐聚网调研


价格详情
搜索

中文


English 

Español 







 在线演示 申请在线演示 

+86-21-6196-2555


登录 











Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd.
磐聚网制作的企业页面 
 企业页面  供应商公司  Japan







 查看 Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd.公司的产品和客户 
成千上万家像您这样的公司使用磐聚网搜索供应商和竞争对手。


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






轻松使用贸易数据
 

以公司为组织的美国海关记录
16适用于美国的出货量Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd.自2007年起每周更新一次




日期
供应商
客户
详细信息

          41          more fields
        


2017-05-14

查看全部 16 货运记录 Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd. 选择磐聚网数据套餐方案.申请演示或注册
 

2016-03-09


2015-08-11
Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd.
Celgard Llc.
PARTS FOR COATING MACHINE
货运提单


货运数据显示一个公司交易什么产品或者更多。
      了解更多信息 



快速地分析贸易关系




采购业务链
探索隐藏在美国进口数据的贸易关系。
See all 7 的客户 Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd.
 详细了解采购业务链 




最大的客户


Lg Chem Michigan Inc. 






注册并访问 







注册并访问 







注册并访问 







注册并访问 






 7 可联系的客户 


顶级产品


coating 





coating machine 





air humidifiers dehumidifiers 





air humidifiers 





humidifiers dehumidifiers 





 19出口最多的产品 






联系信息Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd.



 
 地址101-1 Kawai, Kawai-cho, Kitakatsuragi-gun, Nara, Japan, 636-0051 
 



注册并访问 


www.hirano-tec.co.jp/ 
 




           
      更多的联系方式 



Sample Bill of Lading

16 shipment records available



Date
2017-05-14


Shipper Name
Hirano Tecseed


Shipper Address
101-1 KAWAI-CHO, KITAKATSURAGO-GUN, NARA, NARA 636-0051              JP


Consignee Name
Multek Flexible Circuits Inc.


Consignee Address
1150 SHELDAHL RD, NORTHFIELD MN 55057              US


Weight
189


Weight Unit
KG


Weight in KG
189.0


Quantity
1


Quantity Unit
CAS


Measure Unit
CM


Country of Origin
Japan


Details
189.0 kgFrom port: Tokyo, JapanTo port: Port of Portland, Portland, OregonVia port: Port of Tacoma, Tacoma, Washington


Place of Receipt
Osaka


Foreign Port of Lading
Tokyo, Japan


U.S. Port of Unlading
Port of Tacoma, Tacoma, Washington


U.S. Destination Port
Port of Portland, Portland, Oregon


Commodity
847990 COATING MACHINE PARTS


Container
KKFU6662358


Marks Description
MULTEK 1792630 REV. 2 REFURBISH PARTS HIRANO / TEXMAC MADE IN JAPAN C/NO. 1


Carrier Name
EXPEDITORS INTERNATIONAL OF WASHINGTON INC


Vessel Name
RDO CONCORD


Voyage Number
00003


Bill of Lading Number
EXDO6940110941


Master Bill of Lading Number
KKLUJPKA101254


Lloyd's Code
9401283


HTS Codes
HTS 8479.90







 


同类产品的供应商Japan 

Japanese air humidifiers manufacturers
Japanese coating manufacturers
Japanese coating machine manufacturers
Japanese humidifiers dehumidifiers manufacturers
Japanese machine air manufacturers.
            


供应商类似Hirano Tecseed Co., Ltd. 

Sunny Overseas Corporation
Tisco Logistics Inc.
Ge Healthcare Japan Corporation
Alpine Electronics Inc.
J Trade Co., Ltd..
              






成千上万的公司使用磐聚网研究供应商和竞争对手

申请在线演示











解决方案
采购商
供应商
物流公司
政府机关
数据分析




产品
台
企业版
定制服务




数据
美国
墨西哥
巴西
中、南美州
中国
磐聚网调研
合作伙伴




公司名
领导团队
董事会
博客
媒体评论
联系方式
职位



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA上海市徐汇区肇嘉浜路1065号1609D单元                ‌
Request a demo











English 

Español 

中文







使用条款
隐私条款
网站地图





2017年©Panjiva公司







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing

 






 





 



HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd. – Coating and Laminating Technology































































											Welcome, visitor! [ Register | Login ] 
		





















 







会社・製品登録
Home
Search

Categories
Prefectures of Japan


Events

Energy
Fashion and Apparel
Foods and Drinks
Gifts and Handicrafts
Green Business
IT
Science and Technology
Transportation


News

Beauty & Fashion
Culture and Society
Economy & Market
Energy
Foods and Drinks
Green Business
Manufacturing & Production
Science and Technology
Sports and Health News
Transportation
Travel and Tourism


Reports

Awards and Honors
Cool Advertisements
Foods and Drinks
Green Business
Health & Beauty
International Cooperation
Key Persons
Products & Services
Science and Technology
Transportation


Exhibitions
Promo Videos
Newsletter















Search Ads

All Categories
Agriculture  (10)
Animals  (3)
Apparel & Clothing  (6)
Audio and Sound  (3)
Automobiles  (14)
Beauty & Personal Care  (6)
Buffing & Polishing  (4)
Business Services  (11)
Chemicals  (9)
Coating & Paint  (16)
Computer Hardware & Software  (6)
Construction & Real Estate  (17)
Consumer Electronics  (6)
Cool Japan  (37)
Electrical & Electronics Supplies  (14)
Energy Products  (12)
Entertainment and Media Production  (2)
Environment and Nature  (18)
Fashion Accessories  (15)
Food & Beverage  (77)
Gifts & Crafts  (14)
Hardware & Mechanical Parts  (25)
Health & Wellness  (7)
Heating and Cooling Systems  (3)
Home & Garden  (15)
Hotels, Travel & Venue  (7)
Industrial Machinery  (32)
Industrial Supplies  (6)
International Exchange  (0)
Kitchen Tools & Equipment  (6)
Lens  (3)
Lights & Lighting  (6)
Looking For  (0)
Materials  (13)
Measurement Instruments  (16)
Medical  (17)
News  (130)
Office & School Supplies  (3)
Product Guide  (1)
Regions of Japan  (368)
Research and Development  (7)
Security & Protection  (4)
Shoes & Footwear  (1)
Slitting & Rewinding  (1)
Sports & Entertainment  (1)
Telecommunications  (1)
Textile & Leather Products  (3)
Tools  (1)
Toys  (2)
Vehicles & Transportation  (13)



 
 
 





Home » Industrial Machinery » Coating and Laminating Machinery » HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd. – Coating and Laminating Technology










HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd. – Coating and Laminating Technology




 





Tweet
 Pin It 







Company Name: HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd.City/Town/Village: KitakatsuragiStreet: 101-1 Kawai, KawaichoCountry: JapanZip/Postal Code: 636-0051Japan Office: Nara Prefecture
Listed: 02/08/2013 2:26 pm
Expires: This ad has expired














 

                                    Developing Technology
Based on its “heat and circulated air” and “coating and line control” technologies cultivated over many years, HIRANO TECSEED strives for the establishment of basic technology, applying its rich experience in systematization technology, and further promoting innovative technology development.
In order to specialize and improve the efficiency of our technology, developed equipment is classified into two types based upon the object base materials of each: coating/laminating machinery (film, sheet, paper, metal foil) and industrial machinery (non-woven fabric, glass fiber, carbon fiber, new material, composite material, glass substrate).
Technicum, which encapsulates all the HIRANO TECSEED technologies to establish a basic technology, operates R&D to support our customers’ product development, utilizing a testing facility of a similar scale to the production facility.
Not only is the R&D division developing thin film coating technology, it has started to challenge itself in the fields of nanotechnology and materials, combining wet and dry coating technology toward the next generation.
Quality control supported by modern facilities and superior work effort
Material warehousing and a constant flow of machinery manufacturing, assembly, painting, packing, and shipping: Each work area is systematically organized and operates as a highly efficient production line.
Our huge assembly plant realizes machine assembly to a height of 10 m and an overall length of 100 m. The plant has completely integrated electrical loading facilities that can set up a number of voltage levels, 50/60 Hz, to satisfy the needs of the final installation.
We can guarantee a high level of quality in our machinery manufacturing, which has the advantage of totally integrated modern facilities for machining, metal board forming, piping, parts assembly, and stainless steel and aluminum processing.
Quality control and workplace improvement program as part of our everyday life
Our quality control program has a long history that started in 1966 with the ZD program, and continues with IE, VA, Diamond Operation, Attack 80, and a host of other improvement programs right up to today’s TQC activity.
These activities improve everyday working conditions for every one of our employees and encourage suggestions from them.
Our Website : www.hirano-tec.co.jp/en/

Ad Reference ID: 27051157b98467e2



Coating Laminating
  






















Leave a Reply

Click here to cancel reply.




Name (required)




Email (will not be visible) (required)




Website


















 
 








Map Contact
Poster


















To inquire about this ad listing, complete the form below to send a message to the ad poster.


Name:




Email:




Subject:




Message:




Sum of 5 + 9 =


















Information about the ad poster




Listed by:
JAPAN PRODUCTS

Member Since: 11/14/2012





Other items listed by JAPAN PRODUCTS


Nitto Denko Corporation – We produce adhesives and coating products for electronics, automotive, housing and infrastructure industries
Roland DG’s assembly line “D-Shop” to improve space utilization, shorten times, and improve overall efficiency
Japan Pavilion at the New York International Gift Fair 2013
Toshiba Launches Highly Sensitive 20MP BSI CMOS Image Sensor
Brilliant Japanese Product & Packaging Design – Rachel Arandilla


Latest items listed by JAPAN PRODUCTS »



 



Top Ads TodayTOHOKU KOGEI Co., Ltd. - Traditional Craftwork "Tamamushi Lacquerware" (16 views)SAGA HIMAT - Heavy Ion Cancer Treatment Center (9 views)Fujiwara Industry Co., Ltd. - Wastewater Treatment and Tsunami Emergency Equipment (9 views)Enjoy a freshly brewed coffee - Coffee SAKURA (8 views)Nippon Poly-Glu Co., Ltd. - Provides Water Treatment Assistance (7 views)SHINKO IND. LTD. - Our Cargo Oil Pumps Occupies 85% of The Global Market (7 views)Food processing machines for dumpling, noodle and more - Sanseidou Co., Ltd. (7 views)Uzushio Electric Co., Ltd. - Manufacturing of electrical equipment for ships (7 views)Mitsui High-tec, Inc. - We have been producing the industrial machineries and tools since 1949 (7 views)BON UNI Fukuoka Co., Ltd. - A High Quality Uniform Manufacturer (7 views)Group Site

 
 












Home
CategoriesAgriculture Animal husbandry Farm Machinery Flowers & Plants Animals Aquarium Fish Pest Control Apparel & Clothing Baby Clothing Childrens Clothing Garment Accessories Audio and Sound Musical Instrument Other Soundproofing Materials Speakers & Subwoofers Automobiles Auto Accessories Auto Electrical System Auto Engine System Beauty & Personal Care Baby Care Products Bath Supplies Beauty Equipment Buffing & Polishing Business Services Advertising Services Agency Services Design Services Chemicals Catalysts & Auxiliary Agents Chemical Machinery & Equipment Flavors and Fragrance Coating & Paint Coating Lacquer Others Computer Hardware & Software Computer Accessories Computer Parts Computer Softwares Construction & Real Estate Building Apparatus Cleaning & Maintenance Construction Consumer Electronics Air Conditioners and Air Purifiers Audio & Video Batteries & Chargers Cool Japan Cool Kanagawa Cool Products Cool Reports Electrical & Electronics Supplies AFC Components / Bonding Connectors & Terminals EMI / RFI and ESD Energy Products Batteries Gas Energy Products Generators Entertainment and Media Production Broadcasting System Mobile Games Environment and Nature Clean Water Recycling and Waste Treatment Fashion Accessories Bags Belts Eyewear Food & Beverage Drinks Food Equipment Food Ingredients Gifts & Crafts Art & Collectible Home Goods Other Gifts & Crafts Hardware & Mechanical Parts Bearings and Gears Bolts, Screws, Fasteners General Hardware Health & Wellness Elderly Care Products & Services Health Food Herbs & Medicines Heating and Cooling Systems Cooling Systems Heating System Metal Heat Treatment Home & Garden Bathroom Products Dining Products Furniture Hotels, Travel & Venue Hotels & Ryokan Travel Services Industrial Machinery Air Conditioning Coating and Laminating Machinery Construction Machinery Industrial Supplies Adhesives Aluminum Mesh and Netting International Exchange Fukuoka Kanagawa Kitchen Tools & Equipment Canisters and Boxes Food System Machines Freezer Lens Camera Optical Lens Lights & Lighting LED / OLED Lighting Accessories Lighting Bulbs & Tubes Looking For Buy Materials Film Products Glass and Crystal Products Metal Products Measurement Instruments Electrical Instruments Electronic Measuring Instruments Flow Measuring Instruments Medical Medical Equipment & Devices Medical Implements Medical Supplies News Announcement Economy & Markets News Environment Office & School Supplies Filing Products Interior Products Office Equipment Product Guide Regions of Japan Aichi Companies and Products Akita Companies and Products Aomori Companies and Products Research and Development Biotechnology Chemical Materials Medical and Health Security & Protection CCTV Products Computer Security Software Emergency Equipment Shoes & Footwear Children Footwear Men Footwear Other Shoes & Footwear Slitting & Rewinding Sports & Entertainment Other Sports & Entertainment Sports Supplies Telecommunications Accessories Antennas Equipment Textile & Leather Products Fabric Home Textile Leather Tools Other Tools & Tool Parts Tool Accessories Tool Parts Toys Arts & Crafts Toys Baby Toys Educational Toys Vehicles & Transportation Aircrafts Boats & Ships Logistics Services 
Contact Us
Volunteers
About Us
Services







 






We introduce Japan companies who produce high quality Japanese products and services.

© 2017 JAPAN PRODUCTS: Business Directory of Japanese Companies. All Rights Reserved.

























  6245:Tokyo Stock Quote - Hirano Tecseed Co Ltd/Kinzoku - Bloomberg Markets              

       



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Hirano Tecseed Co Ltd/Kinzoku   6245:JP   Tokyo        1,612.0JPY   14.0   0.88%     As of 2:00 AM EDT 8/3/2017     Open   1,598.0    Day Range   1,580.0 - 1,620.0    Volume   40,600    Previous Close   1,598.0    52Wk Range   879.0 - 1,718.0    1 Yr Return   55.84%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1,598.0    Day Range   1,580.0 - 1,620.0    Volume   40,600    Previous Close   1,598.0    52Wk Range   879.0 - 1,718.0    1 Yr Return   55.84%    YTD Return   38.85%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   10.63    Earnings per Share (JPY) (TTM)   151.7    Market Cap (b JPY)   24.816    Shares Outstanding  (m)   15.394    Price/Sales (TTM)   1.23    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   1.61%        Sector  Industrials   % Price Change -0.05%     Industry Capital Goods   % Price Change -0.15%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   HIRANO TECSEED Co., Ltd. manufactures chemical engineering and textile machinery.  The Company's products include adhesive tape-making machines, magnetic tape laminators, floating dryers, carbon fiber manufacturing machines, and coating machines for textile, paper, and film manufacturers.    Address  101-1 KawaiKawaichoKitakatsuragi-Gun, 636-0051Japan   Phone  81-745-57-0681   Website   www.hirano-tec.co.jp/     Executives Board Members    Kaoru Okada  President    Kazuo Sadayasu  Managing Director    Munenori Yasui  Director    Tsuguo Kaneko  Director    Fumikazu Okada  Director     Show More         







 Hirano Tecseed CO LTD , Japan | Supplier Data
Datamyne



























































Making trade data work for you





Countries  
Japan  
Supplier Starts With H

 




HIRANO TECSEED CO LTD


Japan 
 
 
 







12 Month Supply Chain Summary            
(August 05, 2015 ─ August 05, 2016)

HIRANO TECSEED CO LTD supplied 2 shipments to the US since Aug 5, 2015.




Top Importer



 LG Chem America INC 
2
Importers for this supplier for the last 12 months






Top HS Code Products



903190 -  Pts,  of Mach Nesoi in This Chap, & Profile Projectr 









Top Carriers



 Ecu-line LTD Kamigumi CO LTD 






Top Ports of Departure



 Kobe, Japan 










Top Countries of Origin



 Japan 




Alternative content for the map














See all shipments for  Hirano Tecseed CO LTD when you subscribe to Datamyne.




How Datamyne Benefits You


Datamyne covers the trade of some 50 countries across 5 continents, as well as the details of US import and export commerce with over 230 trading partners. Original US import bills are available online one day after we receive them from Customs, making our US import data the earliest available anywhere.
Easily access our database via a web-based interface that speeds and simplifies trade data research, delivering the information you need for successful marketing, prospecting and sourcing strategies.
See why more than 3,000 professionals are using Datamyne today.
Request a Demo






Take our Tour





 Product  Overview 
Plans and Pricing 
Why Choose Datamyne? 












Easy access, with expert support, to the largest searchable trade database in the world.
















                Search US import details FREE for companies like:              





HIRANO TECSEED CO LTD                  





First Name



Last Name





Company



Email



Country  
                        
United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe



Phone





                          I agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy






Get My Free Search
















 











































