
Manitex International Inc (MNTX.PH)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Manitex International Inc (MNTX.PH)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				MNTX.PH on Philadelphia Stock Exchange


				7.43USD
1 Aug 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$7.43


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

401




52-wk High

$9.59


52-wk Low

$5.11












					Full Description



Manitex International, Inc., incorporated on October 17, 2003, is a provider of engineered specialty lifting and loading products. The Company operates in three business segments: the Lifting Equipment segment, the A.S.V., LLC (ASV) segment and the Equipment Distribution segment. Through its Lifting Equipment segment, the Company designs, manufactures and distributes a diverse group of products that serve various functions and are used in a range of industries. In the ASV segment, the Company manufactures a line of compact rubber tracked loaders (CTLs) and skid steer loaders (SSLs). In the Equipment Distribution segment, the Company markets products used primarily for infrastructure development and commercial construction applications that include road and bridge construction, general contracting, roofing, scrap handling, and sign construction and maintenance.Lifting Equipment SegmentThe Company, through its subsidiary Manitex, Inc., markets a line of boom trucks, truck cranes and sign cranes. Its boom trucks and crane products are primarily used for industrial projects, energy exploration and infrastructure development, including roads, bridges and commercial construction.The Company's subsidiary, PM Group S.p.A. (PM), manufactures truck mounted hydraulic knuckle boom cranes with a product range spanning over 50 models. Its subsidiary, Oil & Steel (O&S), is a manufacturer of truck-mounted aerial platforms with a diverse product line and an international client base.Manitex Liftking, ULC (Manitex Liftking), a subsidiary of the Company, sells a line of rough terrain forklifts, a line of stand-up electric forklifts, cushioned tired forklifts with lifting capacities from 18,000 to 40,000 pounds and special mission-oriented vehicles, as well as other specialized carriers, heavy material handling transporters and steel mill equipment. Manitex Liftking's rough terrain forklifts are used in both commercial and military applications. The Company's specialized lifting equipment is used in various industries that include the utility, shipbuilding and steel mill industries.The Company's subsidiary, Badger Equipment Company (Badger), is a manufacturer of specialized rough terrain cranes and material handling products. Badger primarily serves the needs of the construction, municipality and railroad industries.The Company, through its Italian subsidiary, CVS Ferrari, srl (CVS), designs and manufactures a range of reach stackers and associated lifting equipment, empty container handlers, forklift, straddle carriers and tractors, among others, for the container handling market that are sold through a dealer network. Valla SpA offers a range of precision pick and carry cranes from 2 to 90 tons, using electric, diesel and hybrid power options. Its cranes offer wheeled or tracked and fixed or swing boom configurations.Manitex Sabre, Inc. (Sabre), a subsidiary of the company, manufactures a line of specialized mobile tanks for liquid and solid storage and containment solutions with capacities from 8,000 to 21,000 gallons. Its mobile tanks are sold to specialized independent tank rental companies and through the Company's existing dealer network. The tanks are used in a range of end markets, such as petrochemical, waste management, and oil and gas drilling.ASV SegmentASV's CTLs have operating capacities between 700 pounds and 3,500 pounds. ASV products are distributed through the Terex Corporation (Terex) distribution channels, as well as through the Company and other independent dealers. The products are used in the site clearing, general construction, forestry, golf course maintenance and landscaping industries. Its SSLs have operating capacities between 1,600 pound and 3,200 pounds and are used in material handling, including scrap and waste, and agricultural markets.Equipment Distribution SegmentThe Equipment Distribution segment consists of the operations of Crane & Machinery (C&M), a division of Manitex International, North American Equipment, Inc. (NAE) and North American Distribution, Inc. (NAD). C&M is a distributor of Terex rough terrain and truck cranes, and supplies repair parts for a range of medium to heavy-duty construction equipment and sells domestically and internationally, to end users, including the rental market. It also provides crane equipment repair services in the Chicago area. The segment markets previously owned construction and heavy equipment and trailers both domestically and internationally through NAE. NAE purchases previously owned equipment of various ages and conditions and often refurbishes the equipment before resale. The segment also sells Valla products through NAD.The Company competes with National Crane, Terex Corporation, Weldco Beales, Elliott, Altec, Palfinger, Fassi, Effer, HIAB, Linamar, Sellick, Harlo, Manitou, Mastercraft, Load Lifter, Broderson, Cargotec, Konecranes, Doosan, Caterpillar, CNH, Gehl, Takeuchi, John Deere, Wacker Neuson, Imperial Crane, Walter Payton Power, Runnion Equipment, Power Equipment Leasing and Guiffre Cranes.

» Full Overview of MNTX.PH







					Company Address



Manitex International Inc
9725 Industrial DrBRIDGEVIEW   IL   60455-2304
P: +1708.4307500F: +1708.4301335







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 David Langevin

637,550




							 Andrew Rooke

580,473




							 Michael Schneider

--




							 David Gransee

302,775




							 Ronald Clark

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Manitex International Inc News




BRIEF-Manitex International's Michael Schneider appointed senior vice president, CFO

Aug 01 2017 
BRIEF-Manitex International, Inc. Announces €1.5 million in new orders for PM truck-mounted “knuckle-boom” cranes

Jul 20 2017 
BRIEF-Manitex International sees qtrly rev of $26 mln

Apr 27 2017 
BRIEF-Manitex International announces $3 mln new crane order taken at CONEXPO 2017

Mar 13 2017 

» More MNTX.PH  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerIndustrialsIndustrial Machinery & Equipment
























Manitex International, Inc. Announces New Product Launches


















Home > News > Market News Nov, 2016 > Manitex International, Inc. Announces New Product Launches 
  


  


  


		Manitex International, Inc. Announces New Product Launches		



Posted by Marketwired
| published by 
Amigobulls
on 
					Nov 02, 2016


Related Ticker: MNTX 








BRIDGEVIEW, IL--(Marketwired - Nov 2, 2016) -  Manitex International, Inc. (NASDAQ: MNTX), a leading international provider of cranes and container handling equipment, today announced that assembly and shipment of two new Manitex crane products have begun at its Georgetown, Texas facility, for the TM200 and PL74 cranes, in support of the strengthening construction markets. The TM200 is a 20-ton tractor-mounted boom crane targeted to truss and general trailer-transport needs. The PL74 is a truck mounted knuckle crane used to transport palletized loads, with this configuration being popular in the dry-wall and roofing supply markets. These products both lift and haul cargo and are ideally suited to serve general construction for truss transport and placement, dry-wall distributors, and roofing contractors.
David J. Langevin, Chairman and CEO of Manitex International, Inc., commented, "Thanks to our global acquisition strategy and our commitment to innovative product development and R&D, we are in the position to announce today the fulfillment of our strategic objective to launch knuckle boom crane assembly in our Georgetown facility. With the PL74 integrated crane assembly and chassis installation now being done in our Texas facility, Manitex has established a differentiated, customer-focused and localized solution by performing the crane assembly, chassis installation, service, and support of this product category, an area of growth that we identified when we purchased PM Group in early 2015. We remain excited about expanding our participation in the knuckle boom market, and bringing this and additional crane models into production at Georgetown."
Steve Kiefer, EVP, Sales and Marketing, added, "We are confident that production-assembly of the PL74 wallboard cranes and chassis integration in a U.S. manufacturing facility offers exceptional value to our customers, reducing the cost of the equipment and improving our ability to service our customers with faster response time for option and parts fulfillment, improving product performance, and optimizing the quality of the integrated crane and chassis."
Initial orders have begun shipping in the fourth quarter to Manitex dealers serving both commercial and residential construction market end-users.
About Manitex International, Inc.
Manitex International, Inc. is a leading worldwide provider of highly engineered specialized equipment including boom trucks, cranes, container handling equipment and reach stackers, and other related equipment. Our products, which are manufactured in facilities located in the USA and Italy, are targeted to selected niche markets where their unique designs and engineering excellence fill the needs of our customers and provide a competitive advantage. We have consistently added to our portfolio of branded products and equipment both through internal development and focused acquisitions to diversify and expand our sales and profit base while remaining committed to our niche market strategy. Our brands include Manitex, CVS Ferrari, PM, Badger, Sabre, and Valla. ASV, our Joint Venture with Terex Corporation, manufactures and sells a line of high quality compact track and skid steer loaders.
Forward-Looking Statements
Safe Harbor Statement under the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This release contains statements that are forward-looking in nature which express the beliefs and expectations of management including statements regarding the Company's expected results of operations or liquidity; statements concerning projections, predictions, expectations, estimates or forecasts as to our business, financial and operational results and future economic performance; and statements of management's goals and objectives and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "project," "continuing," "ongoing," "expect," "we believe," "we intend," "may," "will," "should," "could," and similar expressions. Such statements are based on current plans, estimates and expectations and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company's future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors and additional information are discussed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and statements in this release should be evaluated in light of these important factors. Although we believe that these statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, we cannot guarantee future results. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.


 Contact:
 Manitex International, Inc.  David Langevin  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  (708) 237-2060  Email Contact 
 Darrow Associates, Inc. Peter Seltzberg, Managing Director Investor Relations  (516) 419-9915 Email Contact 

  




Latest Stock Market News
 






Buy Amazon Stock And Chipotle Stock - Today's Technical Trading Ideas



	            		AMZN, CMG	              

	              	Aug 03, 2017	
	              



	    			Amazon.com, Inc. Stock and Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. Stock are today's top trades as bulls look to wrest control from the bears.	    		




 






Top 3 Earnings Today - GoPro, Yelp and Activision Blizzard



	            		GPRO, YELP	              

	              	Aug 03, 2017	
	              



	    			Some of today's notable earnings are GoPro Inc (NASDAQ:GPRO), Yelp Inc's (NYSE:YELP) and Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATVI). 	    		




 






Snap Stock: Don't Jump In Just Yet



	            		SNAP	              

	              	Aug 03, 2017	
	              



	    			Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) stock could be headed way lower in the near term. Here are 3 reasons why.	    		




 






Tesla Inc Puts Slowdown Fears To Rest, Stock Rallies



	            		TSLA	              

	              	Aug 03, 2017	
	              



	    			Tesla Inc stock rallied after the company reported better than expected earnings and allayed fears of a slowdown.	    		




 






Facebook Inc: Rising Growth Concerns, But FB Stock Is Still A Buy



	            		FB	              

	              	Aug 02, 2017	
	              



	    			Facebook Inc warns again about a slowdown in ad revenue. However, analysts continue to revise their revenue growth projection upwards. FB stock still remains a buy.	    		




 






Top 3 Earnings Today: Tesla Inc, Fitbit Inc And Zynga Inc.



	            		TSLA, FIT	              

	              	Aug 02, 2017	
	              



	    			Elon Musk's Model 3 plans will be in focus today as Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) reports Q2 earnings. Fitbit Inc. (NYSE:FIT) and Zynga Inc. (NASDAQ:ZNGA) are also reporting today.	    		




 





 Share this article via Email





 Share this article on Twitter





 Share this article on Facebook





 Share this article on linkedin





 Share this article on GooglePlus












 Comments on  MNTX stock 












post
 







bullish
neutral
bearish















 Do share this awesome post  


 











AVEO

















Watch Our AVEO Pharmaceuticals Stock Analysis Video  - 1.7/5









Related Manitex International News

Manitex International, Inc. Welcomes Crane Sales & Service to North American “Knuckleboom” Dealer Network


Manitex International, Inc. Will Participate in Stifel Industrials Research Conference in New York on June 15, 2017


Manitex International, Inc. Announces Strategic Alternatives Being Considered for A.S.V., LLC


It's About to Get Real


Manitex International, Inc. Announces Refinancing For its ASV Joint Venture


Manitex International, Inc. Announces Sale of CVS Subsidiary


Manitex International, Inc. Announces Business Update
 


Investment ideas

Seven Stock Chart Patterns You Need To Know


Using The Piotroski Score To Spot Bargains


How To Use MACD Indicator And Trade Like A Pro


Understanding Moving Averages For Technical Analysis


Nasdaq Vs NYSE: What Is The Difference?


The Most Effective Approach to Stock Investing!
 











 


  


 





















MANITEX International






























      
       








MANITEX INTL.
CRANES
MATERIAL HANDLING
REMARKETING
MOBILE TANKS
PICK & CARRY CRANES










MANITEX INTERNATIONALManitex International, Inc. is a 
			  leading provider of engineered lifting solutions including cranes, 
			  reach stackers and container handling 
			  equipment, including parts 
			  and service support. Manufacturing is located in several 
			  facilities in North America and Italy, and the Company serves a 
			  broad range of customers, including commercial, military and 
			  governmental, across the world, through a dealer network.



			  NEWS

Manitex International, Inc. Will Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3, 2017
Manitex International, Inc. Announces €1.5 Million in New Orders for PM Truck-Mounted Knuckle-boom Cranes
Manitex International, Inc. Welcomes Mynatt Truck & Equipment to Manitex‐PM Knuckleboom Dealer Network
Manitex International, Inc. Will Participate in Stifel Industrials Research Conference in New York on June 15, 2017
Manitex International, Inc. Announces Pricing for Sale of Half of its ASV Shares in an Underwritten Public Offering
Manitex International, Inc. Announces Continued Growth in Orders throughout First Quarter 2017
Manitex International, Inc. Wins $3.0M Crane Order at CONEXPO 2017
Manitex International, Inc. Announces Strategic Alternatives Being Considered for A.S.V., LLC
Manitex International, Inc. Announces Sale of CVS Subsidiary
Backlog, Book to Bill, Order Rate Rising at Manitex Straight‐Mast Cranes
Manitex International, Inc. Will Participate in RBC Capital Markets' Global Industrials Conference on September 7, 2016
Manitex International, Inc. Will Report Second Quarter 2016 Financial Results on August 4, 2016
Manitex International, Inc. Announces New Credit Agreement
2016 annual meeting of stockholders of Manitex International, Inc.
Manitex International, Inc. Named to Forbes List of America's Best Small Companies


MANITEX INTERNATIONAL GROUP 

Manitex Inc.
PM Cranes SpA
Badger Equipment Company
Manitex Valla
Manitex Sabre
Crane & Machinery
North American Equipment Exchange
ASV LLC






Nasdaq: 
MNTX 7.37 +0.07(+0.96%) 



Quotes delayed. Currency in USD.


SUBSCRIBE FOR UPDATES
 
                    

Manitex International online subscription is a special web-service to 
			  inform subscribers of the latest news and updates at Manitex 
			  International.

MANITEX INTERNATIONAL EVENTS 

 













Manitex International, Inc. Announces New Product LaunchesHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 4 hrs 30 minsS&P 5002,472.20-5.37 (-0.22%)Dow 3022,013.57-2.67 (-0.01%)Nasdaq6,348.48-14.16 (-0.22%)Stocks to WatchFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessManitex International, Inc. Announces New Product LaunchesMarketwiredNovember 2, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareBRIDGEVIEW, IL--(Marketwired - Nov 2, 2016) - Manitex International, Inc. (  NASDAQ :  MNTX ), a leading international provider of cranes and container handling equipment, today announced that assembly and shipment of two new Manitex crane products have begun at its Georgetown, Texas facility, for the TM200 and PL74 cranes, in support of the strengthening construction markets. The TM200 is a 20-ton tractor-mounted boom crane targeted to truss and general trailer-transport needs. The PL74 is a truck mounted knuckle crane used to transport palletized loads, with this configuration being popular in the dry-wall and roofing supply markets. These products both lift and haul cargo and are ideally suited to serve general construction for truss transport and placement, dry-wall distributors, and roofing contractors.David J. Langevin, Chairman and CEO of Manitex International, Inc., commented, "Thanks to our global acquisition strategy and our commitment to innovative product development and R&D, we are in the position to announce today the fulfillment of our strategic objective to launch knuckle boom crane assembly in our Georgetown facility. With the PL74 integrated crane assembly and chassis installation now being done in our Texas facility, Manitex has established a differentiated, customer-focused and localized solution by performing the crane assembly, chassis installation, service, and support of this product category, an area of growth that we identified when we purchased PM Group in early 2015. We remain excited about expanding our participation in the knuckle boom market, and bringing this and additional crane models into production at Georgetown."Steve Kiefer, EVP, Sales and Marketing, added, "We are confident that production-assembly of the PL74 wallboard cranes and chassis integration in a U.S. manufacturing facility offers exceptional value to our customers, reducing the cost of the equipment and improving our ability to service our customers with faster response time for option and parts fulfillment, improving product performance, and optimizing the quality of the integrated crane and chassis."Initial orders have begun shipping in the fourth quarter to Manitex dealers serving both commercial and residential construction market end-users.About Manitex International, Inc.Manitex International, Inc. is a leading worldwide provider of highly engineered specialized equipment including boom trucks, cranes, container handling equipment and reach stackers, and other related equipment. Our products, which are manufactured in facilities located in the USA and Italy, are targeted to selected niche markets where their unique designs and engineering excellence fill the needs of our customers and provide a competitive advantage. We have consistently added to our portfolio of branded products and equipment both through internal development and focused acquisitions to diversify and expand our sales and profit base while remaining committed to our niche market strategy. Our brands include Manitex, CVS Ferrari, PM, Badger, Sabre, and Valla. ASV, our Joint Venture with Terex Corporation, manufactures and sells a line of high quality compact track and skid steer loaders.Forward-Looking StatementsSafe Harbor Statement under the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995: This release contains statements that are forward-looking in nature which express the beliefs and expectations of management including statements regarding the Company's expected results of operations or liquidity; statements concerning projections, predictions, expectations, estimates or forecasts as to our business, financial and operational results and future economic performance; and statements of management's goals and objectives and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "anticipate," "estimate," "plan," "project," "continuing," "ongoing," "expect," "we believe," "we intend," "may," "will," "should," "could," and similar expressions. Such statements are based on current plans, estimates and expectations and involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company's future results, performance or achievements to differ significantly from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors and additional information are discussed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and statements in this release should be evaluated in light of these important factors. Although we believe that these statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, we cannot guarantee future results. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextElon Musk says people are canceling Tesla Model 3 orders because it's like a '1.5 hour wait for hamburgers' at a restaurantBusiness InsiderStart Living The Millionaire LifestyleTorOptionSponsored63,000 people have canceled their Tesla Model 3 ordersBusiness InsiderTrump told Mexico's president in contentious call to stop publicly saying the country won't pay for the border wallBusiness InsiderMen and women differ on picking up the tabYahoo Finance VideoStocks struggle after Dow 22k , Tesla soars on beatYahoo Finance'That doesn't just happen!': Trump continues to boast about the stock marketYahoo Finance'Don't put that guy in front of the cameras again': Fox News host unloads on Stephen Miller after altercation with CNN reporterBusiness InsiderFitbit gets back in shape, Avon CEO to step down, Wyndham to split businessYahoo FinanceWhy we’ll see more telco megadeals aheadYahoo Finance VideoHow to get one of the 50,000 jobs at AmazonYahoo FinanceThe oldest Dow stock is also the biggest laggardCNBCThe one variable that best explains the retirement crisisYahoo FinanceThese are the greatest fears that people have in the worldBusiness InsiderTrump takes on legal immigrationYahoo Finance VideoClorox, Kellogg's, claims — What you need to know in markets on ThursdayYahoo FinanceTrump, frustrated by Afghan war, suggests firing U.S. commander: officialsPatriautism: Strong words from a five time draft dodger. Why not send your son, Donny?Join the Conversation1 / 56.9k








