







Manz AG : company overview, main products and main markets






























Euromerx









EN
FR
ES
DE



Home
How it works?
Register



SIGN IN

















SIGN IN






















Home / Energy & Environment / Gas / Manz AG









PREMIUM





Address :


Germany

Fax :

-


contact me


call me back




home
product showcase
contacts
business performance

history
performance

suppliers

introduction


















Manz AG





As one of the planet's leading high-tech equipment manufacturers, Manz AG, based last Reutlingen, Germany, represents an pioneer for innovative produce in the fast-growing marketplace. 

The company, which was established in 1987, has experience in seven technology sectors: automation, laser processing, metrology, vacuum coating, wet chemistry, printed and coating, just as well as roll-to-roll processes. 

Manz deploys and further develops these technologies under three strategic areas the Electronics, Solar and british Energy Storage business segments. 

The enterprise, headed by founder Dieter Manz, has been listed regarding the bag in Germany since 2006 and then currently operates production facilities in Germany, british Hungary, Slovakia, Italy, China and british Taiwan. 

Manz AG also has sales and branches of services in british USA, South Korea& amp; India. 

In the center of 2015, Manz AG had about 2000 employees, 900 of whom work in the middle Asia. 

Revenue during the past financial year amounted to well over EUR 305 million dollars. 

With its motto passion of effectiveness, a promise towards offer its customers is currently being been by Manz- all companies involved in important future markets- increasingly efficient production equipment. 

Like this, the corporation contributed significantly to reduce the cost of production of a end product that and thereby make them available for a vast buyers range across the world. 

As a result, Manz is constantly optimising its product portfolio. 

Objective is to obtain highly reliable production processes on the customer shore while steadily improving performance parameters for products produced on Manz equipment. 

This thing makes a Manz Group an important development driver, which contributes to achieve breakthroughs in main technologies of Manz ag times, like the sustainable generation, displays to world communication needs and e-mobility. 

Manz AG has its origins in Baden-Württemberg in Germany, historically one of the home regions of German engineering and today among the world's leading high-tech regions. 

Manz employs people from 30 country and is operative in all the significant growth markets all over the world. 

With the opening-up of an emerging production facility in Suzhou, China, in May 2012, Manz is able to discharge current market trends even more effectively.











Manz AG

Country :

Germany

Activity indicator :

















Manz AG




		Germany
		
	


		Contact  Manz AG
You can send a message to Manz AG who will answer you as quickly as possible.


Last name




First name




Phone number




Company




Email




Message




Send


















×








Close













About us
About
Contact
Legal mentions
Sitemap
Term conditions


BUY
How to buy?
Search by market
Search by country
Buy in Europe?


SELL
How to sell?
Add products
Manage products
Boost sales




FOLLOW US

Follow Euromerx.com on social networks













×
Beta version - Euromerx.com



Our european B2B market place is at this time a beta version but opened for suppliers.Some functionalities are still disabled. You already be able to manage your product showcase and to complete your dedicated website to be ready to be found by your future clients.We invite you to register for free now. Your 50 first potential new clients are offered!


Close




























    Manz AG | Service Company | Germany

 





















 









        "Almost every page on ENF has only one very targeted advert.  Consider disabling ad blocking on this website."
    





ENF Solar

Accelerating the Industry
 Language:English中文日本語한국어العربيةFrançaisEspañolDeutschItaliano






















                        Service Company
                    






                            Manz
                        










                    Manz AG
                






                                    Steigaeckerstr. 5, 72768 Reutlingen
                            






                                    +49 7121 90000
                            






[javascript protected email address]








                        www.manz.com
                    







                                    Germany  
























                    Staff Information
                



                                No. Staff
                            

                                1,800
                            





                Business Details
            





            Company Updates
        




                            1 Jun 2017
                        



                            Manz AG has received a further €64.3 million pre-payment on CIGS thin-film equipment from Chinese JV partners Shanghai Electric Group and Shenhua Group.
                        





                            21 Apr 2017
                        



                            •Bulk orders for two turnkey CIGS production lines totaling 350 MW capacity received
•Manz enters strategic cooperation including solar joint ventures with two leading companies in China’s energy sector
                        








                        Last Update
                    

                        24 Apr 2017
                                                    
                                Update above information
                            






            Company News
        



                            Purchasing Contracts (1) 
                        




                                        14-Jul-2017
                                    



                                        Centrotherm's Subsidiary Awards a Major Contract by Manz AG
                                    






                            Financial News (2) 
                        




                                        01-Apr-2016
                                    



                                        Manz AG Publishes 2015 Annual Report and 2016 Outlook
                                    





                                        18-Mar-2013
                                    



                                        Manz Publishes Preliminary Figures for the Full Year of 2012
                                    






                            Technology Advances (2) 
                        




                                        26-Sep-2012
                                    



                                        Manz Increases Efficiency of Crystalline Solar Cells with a New Vacuum-Coating System
                                    





                                        10-Sep-2012
                                    



                                        Manz CIGS Solar Panel Reaches 14.6% Efficiency
                                    











        Report Error
    


Web Page *





Comments *





Name 





Email 






Submit
Sending
 Cancel

















MANZ TAIWAN LIMITED - Int'l Smart Display & Touch Panel Exhibition
















Int'l Touch Panel and Optical Film Exhibition


English
繁體中文
简体中文
日本語

Contact Us


















News
About Expo
For Visitors

Visit Information
Overseas Buyer's Free Accommodation Scheme
Pre-Registration
Exhibitor List
Exhibitor Product
Floor Plan
Transportation
Accommodation


For Exhibitors

Registration Info
Online registration
Free services
Paid Services
Exhibitor Schedule
Downloads
Contact Us
Exhibitor Login


For Press

Media Partners
Press Releases
Exhibitor's Press Release
Media Contacts
Overseas Partner
Overseas agent


Seminars

2017 Display Innovation Taiwan Conference
2017 Int'l Micro LED Display conference
Others Conference
IDMC 2017
2016 Review


Advertising

Show Directory


Show Review

2016 Show Report
2016 Show Gallery
2016 Exhibitors List
2016 Floor Plan
2016 Show Videos


Concurrent Expo
 









Home For Visitors 2014 Exhibitor List MANZ TAIWAN LIMITED






Product
Exhibitor






 
 






MANZ TAIWAN LIMITED
 
Category:  Touch Panel / LCD.OLED (Module)
Booth No.:             M220

Website: http://www.manz.com

 





 
Company Introduction
 
    Manz AG, based in Reutlingen, Germany, is one of the world's leading high-tech equipment manufacturers, has expertise in seven technology sectors: automation, metrology, laser processing, vacuum coating, wet chemistry, printing and coating, as well as roll-to-roll processes. Manz deploys and further develops these technologies in three strategic fields, the "Electronics," "Solar" and "Energy Storage" business segments.
     
Main Products
 
    Manz has expertise in seven technology sectors: Vacuum coating, Metrology, Automation, printing&coating, Laser, Roll to roll and Wet chemistry. With this comprehensive expertise, we offer customers in many industries efficient system solutions for demanding applications.Customer benefits:• Excellent uptime performance, stable transmission, and minimal breakage rate• Optimal TCO and material utilization• Manz has the largest customer support network in Asia.
 

 
 




Online Inquiry
 



* Name



 
 * Email 



 
 * Tel





* Inquiry



 
* Verification Code


               Refresh Code

 
 















For Visitors

Visit Information
Pre-Registration
Exhibitor List
Exhibitor product
Floor Plan
Transportation
Accommodation

 




 





TDUA
Tel: 886-2-2729-3933 Ms.Joanna Kuan #15
Fax: 886-2-2729-3950
email: show@teeia.org.tw
Chan Chao International Co., Ltd.
      Tel: 886-2-2659-6000 Ms. Jane Yao Ext.182 / Ms. Evelyn Chen Ext.107
      Fax: 886-2-2659-7000
      email: touch@chanchao.com.tw
Copywriting & web design by Chan Chao Int'l Co., Ltd.
    





