


Qingdao Mesnac Co., Ltd.



















Home
Categories
Regions
Products
Trade Leads
Company Reviews
My Account



Welcome, GuestSign InSign Up

PositionHome - Manufacturing & Processing Machinery / Metal Processing Machinery - China - Profile




Qingdao Mesnac Co., Ltd.





Business TypeManufacturer
Main MarketsNorth America  South America  Eastern Europe  Southeast Asia  Af
Product/ServiceMixer Feeding System,Tire Building Machine,Tire Testing Machine,small chemicals batching system,banbure mixer,X-ray testing,steel cord cutting line,inner liner production line,pneumatic conveying system,tire machine,rubber machine,tyre retreading machine,t
Business OwnerMr. Zhongx
EmployeesAbove 1000 People
RegionChina
CategoryManufacturing & Processing Machinery - Metal Processing Machinery
Link ToolChina Manufacturing & Processing Machinery - China Metal Processing Machinery
Company TagsBackbone Software - Dynamic Balancing Machine - Tyre Retreading



Company Introduction
Qingdao Mesnac Co., Ltd. was established in April, 2000 with a registered capital of RMB 53.235 million. Our company mainly specializes in rubber tire trade, regards information technology as core, regards mechanical equipment as carriers, and offers combining software and hardware for enterprise to the intelligent equipment system, in charge of accusing of network software, technological support service and whole solution. Our company was certified as a National Key High-tech enterprise. We were named as Backbone Software Producer in the State Torch Project. We were certificated as a Key Software Enterprise in the State plan and received the title of excellent software enterprise in Shandong. 

All our products including software systems of management and control network software for tire enterprises, mixer feeding systems and chemical auto-dosing& weighing systems to be the mainly products of MESNAC, 1ff8which have up to advanced level worldwide. Our products are exported to dozens of countries and regions in Europe and Asia and used by several famous international enterprises. Our new products include Intelligent All-steel Radial Tire Building Systems and Steel Cord Automatic Cutting and Joining Systems. We have a good market prospect and a splendid future. 

Our company insists on the enterprising spirit of "Deny oneself, Innovate continuously ", is devoted to the information-based traditional industry of transformation, and uses informatization to promote industrialization. Mesnac undertakes the construction of the Rubber Industry's Technical Center of Shandong, the Qingdao Industrial IT Key Lab and Test-manufacture Base. Our company has staffed more than 70 people of known experts in the trade to make up the Committee of Experts. 

At present, Mesnac has attained CMM3 international certification for software enterprise and ISO9001:2000 quality system certification. One project of our company is awarded with State-Level Second Prize in Technology Progress. 

In order to follow the front technology around the world, our company is in line with complementary advantages and wins the principle of development. Companies, such as MATADOR, KONSTRUKTA, and FARREL, have launched the digitized tire production equipment technological cooperation with foreign advanced level. Our company has established strategic partnership relationships with many world-famous industrial automation product suppliers, such as ROCKWELL, SIEMENS, MITSUBISHI, and SMC. Through a series of foreign technologies imported and cooperation, we have received a leading process technology of world trade and use by us, which plays a great role to China and even the world tire industrial development. 

Mesnac has set up our future development strategy as 1/3 IT, 1/3 industry and 1/3 capital operation. We are supported by our experts in rubber industry and our technical advantage. We have been following a competitive, stable and pragmatic development track in order to sharpen our core competitive ability. We endeavor to build parks with international-level planning, construction and facilities in order to achieve our goal of being a top-class high-tech enterprise.


Contact Information
Contact PersonMr. Trevor Xu
Telephone86-0532-84012330
Fax Number86-0532-84011776
Websitehttp://www.mesnac.com
Post Code266045
AddressNO.1 Zhengzhou Road, QingDao, Shandong, China (Mainland)
Online MapQingdao Mesnac Co., Ltd. Map & Directions





Related Trade LeadsManufacturing & Processing Machinery / Metal Processing Machinery - China

Sellmetal stamping machine
SellPrecision turning parts
SellHigh frequency induction heater
Sellsupply progressive punching fin die
Sellpowder coating production
SellCyclical vacuum induction melting furnace
SellHigh Vacuum Coating System
SellSupply customized wire mesh welding machine
SellTobest thread rolling machine TB-25S
SellCNC V Grooving Machine
Sellportable cnc plasma cutter
SellOffer oilseed flaking mill



Company ReviewsQingdao Mesnac Co., Ltd.
No advertising and no spamming please

Your Name
Your RatingRating 1 (Bad)Rating 2 (Below Average)Rating 3 (Average)Rating 4 (Good)Rating 5 (Excellent!)
Comment


Qingdao Mesnac Co., Ltd. no reviews currently
No reviews currently, you may post the first one.




Recent Updates

INFINITY ADDITIVES & FOODS
Esmeralda Textil LTD
Hebei Ledphor Optoelectronics Technology Co.,Ltd.
Wuxi Geological Drilling Equipment Co.,Ltd
PT. TATA KAYU INDONESIA
Shandong AEM Auto Engineering Co.,Ltd
Shandong Goodfarmer International Trading Co.,ltd.
YIAN FIRE TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD
Molveno Oem Service
International for Building Material (IBM)
Shri Aanand Metal (SAM)
A&S Power Supply Co., Ltd.



Related Company

Qingdao Shengmei Machinery Co., Ltd.
Wuxi Bono International.Co.,Ltd
Ningbo Beilun YONTONE Hydraulic Technology Co., Ltd.
Jiangsu Baixie Precision Forging Machinery Co.,Ltd
NINGBO BOXIN MACHINERY CO.,LTD
YANTAI WEBUY FOREIGN TRADE CO., LTD.
Ningbo Fuchuan Machinery Co Ltd.
Taian Hiscience Machinery Co.,Ltd
Shining Industrial Enterprise (China) Co., Ltd
Hangzhou noelift equipment co,. ltd.
Shijiazhuang Ruite Pump Co.,Ltd
Dalian Haisen Machinery Co., Ltd.
Hefei Aquila CNC Equipment Co., Ltd






Backbone Software - Dynamic Balancing Machine - Tyre Retreading


About Us - Contact Us - Privacy Policy - Daily Updates - Report Abuse


Copyright 2008-2017 © All Rights Reserved
Global Trades From Here






 MESNAC -  Products



















Investor Relationship


Contact us 


Sitemap


Links
Test Measurement Systems, Inc.ECOMBINE Advanced Materials Co., Ltd.MESNAC European Research & Technical Center(MERTC)Wyko Tire TechnologyQingdao KENGIC Automation Equipment Co., Ltd.,Fushun YIKESI New Material





Home

Products


Informatization
    Tire Whole Lifetime Information Management System
Mixing Workshop Management and Control System
Semi-product and Building Workshop Management and Control System
Tire Barcode Based Logistics Management System
Mixing Workshop Laboratory Information Management System
Energy Measuring and Management System
Tire Moulds Management System
Warehouse Management and Optimization System
Advanced Planning and Scheduling System (APS)
RFID Tire Tag Reading and Writing System
Data Collection Terminal
    

Material Conveying and Dosing
    Mixer Feeding System
Small Chemical Batching System
Other Industry Application
Rubber Grinding and Blending System
    

Mixing System
    One-Step Mixing System
Open mill
Biological Deodorization System
    

Semi-product
    Inner-liner Production Line
Steel Ply Cutting Line
Fabric Ply Cutting Machine
    

Tire Building
    Two-stage Tire Building Machine for PCR/LTR
LCZ-J 1422A Uni-stage PCR Tire Building Machine
P-PRO Uni-stage PCR Tire Building Machine
Three-drum Tire Building Machine for TBR/LTR
Tire Building Machine Series for OTR
Two-Drum Tire Building Machine for TBR
    

Curing & mold
    Hydraulic Curing Press
PCR Molds
TBR Molds
OTR Molds
Other Products
    

Testing Series
    X-ray Tire Testing Machine
Tire Dynamic Balance/Run-out Testing Machine
Tire Uniformity/Run-out Testing Machine
Tire Shearography Testing Machine
    

Tire logistics
    Automated Storage and Retrieval System
    

Retreading
    FM225 Tire Buffering Machine
FYL-225 Tire Pressure Testing Machine
FXB-225 Tire Repairing Machine
FTT-Z225 Automatic Tread Application Machine
FTT-B225 Semi-auto Tread Application Machine
FTT-225 Tread Application Machine
FTQ-350 Tread Cutter
FTC-G25 OTR Tire Recap Winding Machine
FM-Z225 Fully-automatic Tire Buffer
FM-GZ25 OTR Automatic Buffer
FLG-22 Curing Tank for Retreaded Tire
FL-G1700 Temperature control OTR segment mold curing press
FJF-225 Spraying Room
FBT-225Double Envelope Application Machine
FBL-225 Vertical Envelope Application Machine
FB-150L Latex Mixer
FDJ-60 Cushion Extruder
FJ-D225 Tires Pinholes Testing Machine
FCH-225 Top Ring-shaped Tread Forming Machine
Rail System
    

Multi-industry application
    Postprocessing Equipment of Synthetic Rubber
Automatic Equipment
    



Service


Service




News & Events




About Us


Company Profile


Culture


Milestone


Honor & Patents


R&D


Quality Assurance


Partner


MESNAC Video




Contact




中文








 ProductsInformatizationMaterial Conveying and DosingMixing SystemSemi-productTire BuildingCuring & moldTesting SeriesTire logisticsRetreadingMulti-industry application












 

profession comes from concentration

MESNAC devotes to R&D and manufacturing of information technology and digital equipments for many years, which strives to provide high quality, high efficiency, high precision digital equipments and complete production solutions for customers, creating values together with them.

At present, the products of MESNAC have covered all of the key links of tire production. Meanwhile, its mature core technologies have been expanded to food, chemical, medicine, painting industry successfully as well as other areas. The value of technology application extends continuously. 



















All contents © copyright MESNAC. All rights reserved. |  No.43 Zhengzhou Road, Qingdao, China  P.C: 266042  TEL +86-532-68862626  Fax +86-532-68862828







	Market Report: MESNAC Co., Ltd. (002073) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review

















































ABOUT US

• PUBLISHERS
• CONTACT US
• CART




Login | Register















All Industries
Business & Finance
-- Business
-- Financial Services
-- Insurance
-- Marketing
Consumer & Food
-- Beverages
-- Consumer Goods
-- Food
-- Retailing
Healthcare
-- Biotechnology
-- Healthcare
-- Medical Devices
-- Pharmaceuticals
Heavy Industry
-- Construction
-- Energy
-- Manufacturing
-- Materials
-- Transportation
Internet & Media
-- E-Business
-- Internet
-- Media
-- Publishing
Public Sector
-- Defense
-- Education
-- Government
Telecom & Computing
-- Computer Technology
-- Fixed Networks
-- Software
-- Wireless
Company/Country Reports
-- Company Reports
-- Country Reports
-- Regional Reports


 
            













                        Processing...




MESNAC Co., Ltd. (002073) - Financial and Strategic SWOT Analysis Review


                            Published On Demand - GlobalData 
                    
                - 25 pages 
                - USD $300 
         





Click here to open the POPUP


                        You've added the following report to your cart:CLOSE








Cart Summary



                                    Total Items: 
                                

                                    SubTotal: 
                                


    









Report Summary


Table of Contents


Request Details


Related







SummaryMESNAC Co., Ltd. (Mesnac) is a machinery supplying company that supplies rubber and tire machinery products. The company offers product such as informatization, material conveying and dosing, mixing system, semi-product, tire building, curing and mold, testing series, tire logistics, retreading and others. Mesnac's informatization products include tire whole lifetime information management system, mixing workshop management and control system, semi-product and building workshop management and control system, tire barcode based logistics management system, mixing workshop laboratory information management system and energy measuring and management system, among others. The company serves customers in Mainland, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Macau, North America, Latin America, Africa, Europe, Middle East, India and China. Mesnac is headquartered in Qingdao, China.This comprehensive SWOT profile of MESNAC Co., Ltd. provides you an in-depth strategic analysis of the company's businesses and operations. The profile has been compiled by GlobalData to bring to you a clear and an unbiased view of the company's key strengths and weaknesses and the potential opportunities and threats. The profile helps you formulate strategies that augment your business by enabling you to understand your partners, customers and competitors better.This company report forms part of GlobalData's 'Profile on Demand' service, covering over 50,000 of the world's leading companies. Once purchased, GlobalData's highly qualified team of company analysts will comprehensively research and author a full financial and strategic analysis of MESNAC Co., Ltd. including a detailed SWOT analysis, and deliver this direct to you in pdf format within two business days. (excluding weekends).The profile contains critical company information including*,Business description - A detailed description of the company's operations and business divisions.Corporate strategy - Analyst's summarization of the company's business strategy.SWOT Analysis - A detailed analysis of the company's strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats.Company history - Progression of key events associated with the company.Major products and services - A list of major products, services and brands of the company.Key competitors - A list of key competitors to the company.Key employees - A list of the key executives of the company.Executive biographies - A brief summary of the executives' employment history.Key operational heads - A list of personnel heading key departments/functions.Important locations and subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key locations and subsidiaries of the company.Detailed financial ratios for the past five years - The latest financial ratios derived from the annual financial statements published by the company with 5 years history.Interim ratios for the last five interim periods - The latest financial ratios derived from the quarterly/semi-annual financial statements published by the company for 5 interims history.Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.Key benefits of buying this profile include,You get detailed information about the company and its operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.The profile analyzes the company's business structure, operations, major products and services, prospects, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and their biographies and key competitors.Understand and respond to your competitors' business structure and strategies, and capitalize on their weaknesses. Stay up to date on the major developments affecting the company.The company's core strengths and weaknesses and areas of development or decline are analyzed and presented in the profile objectively. Recent developments in the company covered in the profile help you track important events.Equip yourself with information that enables you to sharpen your strategies and transform your operations profitably.Opportunities that the company can explore and exploit are sized up and its growth potential assessed in the profile. Competitive and/or technological threats are highlighted.Scout for potential investments and acquisition targets, with detailed insight into the companies' strategic, financial and operational performance.Financial ratio presented for major public companies in the profile include the revenue trends, profitability, growth, margins and returns, liquidity and leverage, financial position and efficiency ratios.Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research.Key elements such as SWOT analysis, corporate strategy and financial ratios and charts are incorporated in the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.
Table of ContentsSection 1 - About the CompanyMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Key InformationMESNAC Co., Ltd. - OverviewMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Key EmployeesMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Key Employee BiographiesMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Key Operational HeadsMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Major Products and ServicesMESNAC Co., Ltd. - HistoryMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Company StatementMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Locations And SubsidiariesHead OfficeOther Locations & SubsidiariesSection 2 - Company AnalysisMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Business DescriptionMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Corporate StrategyMESNAC Co., Ltd. - SWOT AnalysisSWOT Analysis - OverviewMESNAC Co., Ltd. - StrengthsMESNAC Co., Ltd. - WeaknessesMESNAC Co., Ltd. - OpportunitiesMESNAC Co., Ltd. - ThreatsMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Key CompetitorsSection 3 - Company Financial Performance ChartsMESNAC Co., Ltd. - Financial RatiosFinancial Ratios - Capital Market RatiosFinancial Ratios - Annual RatiosFinancial Ratios - Interim RatiosFinancial Ratios - Ratio ChartsSection 4 - AppendixAppendixMethodologyRatio DefinitionsAbout GlobalDataContact UsDisclaimerNote*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the companyList of TablesMESNAC Co., Ltd., Key InformationMESNAC Co., Ltd., Key RatiosMESNAC Co., Ltd., Share DataMESNAC Co., Ltd., Major Products and ServicesMESNAC Co., Ltd., HistoryMESNAC Co., Ltd., Key EmployeesMESNAC Co., Ltd., Key Employee BiographiesMESNAC Co., Ltd., Key Operational HeadsMESNAC Co., Ltd., Other LocationsMESNAC Co., Ltd., SubsidiariesMESNAC Co., Ltd., Key CompetitorsMESNAC Co., Ltd., SWOT AnalysisMESNAC Co., Ltd., Ratios based on current share priceMESNAC Co., Ltd., Annual RatiosMESNAC Co., Ltd., Interim RatiosCurrency CodesCapital Market RatiosEquity RatiosProfitability RatiosCost RatiosLiquidity RatiosLeverage RatiosEfficiency RatiosList of FiguresMESNAC Co., Ltd., Performance ChartMESNAC Co., Ltd., Ratio Charts
This report does not have a list of Companies Mentioned available
This report does not have a press release associated with it









Order Today!

FORMAT: PDF 
$300  USD
LICENSE: Single User 
DELIVERY:  By Email - 2  Business Days


























The Fast Market Research Advantage

Only the Best
            All of our research is sourced from the most trusted and established global analysts and consultancies
Client Focused
            From start-ups to multinationals, we focus on providing the right research to our diverse client base
Shop Securely
            Our US-based customer service team and eCommerce systems adhere to the highest data security standards
Industry-leading Customer Support
            Individualized assistance from our expert staff is never more than an email or phone call away




BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
We are committed to providing the best research at the lowest cost.  We will match any published price for the same report, guaranteed!



EASY ORDERING
Once you’ve found the right report, click ‘order now’ and complete the checkout process
using any major credit card, check or wire/bank transfer.Need multi-user or enterprise license pricing?  Contact us for a custom quote!
                  




About the Publisher
GlobalData is a leading provider of global business intelligence including market, competitor, product and customer information. It provides in-depth research, analysis, data and forecasts through a range of interactive online databases, reports and management briefings. GlobalData has a large team of experienced research and analysis, consulting, and marketing experts. It has a global presence, including key offices in the US, Europe and Asia. The group has over 50 years of experience of delivering market intelligence data and analysis and a highly experienced senior management team.

Publisher Details







Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FLASHALERTS


Copyright &copy 2017 Fast Market Research, Inc.

















