


nakamurachoukou　　diamonds
























Chinese
Japanese
Contact Us
Business Overview
About Us
Home













 









Electronic Material Slice Periphery BusinessIn this business we perform slice processing of electronic materials for solar   batteries, LEDs, power devices, etc., and also manufacture diamond saw wires,   the tools used for processing that we develop independently. 
Click here for details.
High-precision Equipment Business 
In this business, we use a precision processing technology for hard and brittle materials to manufacture and process special precision parts with wear-resistant materials, such as PCD (sintered diamond), cemented carbide, and ceramics.Wear-resistant Parts
Mounter Nozzles 
 Micro Reactor Items 
 Automatic Nozzle Cleaner


Chemical Fiber Spinning Nozzle Business Nakamura Choukou Group and Nippon Nozzle Co., Ltd. manufacture various types of nozzles for synthetic fibers and the chemical industry, as well as precision accessories, nonwoven fiber devices, and precision devices. (Affiliate Company)Click here for details.




2017.7.19
IR Reports 
					  This report introduces Nakamura Choukou Co., Ltd and the financial results for the term ended Mar. 2017 earnings results and so
on.
Announced: June 19, 2017 
HTML version     PDF version   














Home ｜ About nakamurachoukou ｜ Business Overview ｜ Contact Us ｜ 日本語 ｜ 中文
  ｜ Privacy Policy  Copyright (c) Nakamura Choukou Co.,Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
		      27-27 Tsurutacho, Nishi-ku, Sakai City, Osaka 593-8323  (+81)72-274-0007 






Diamond Saw Wire｜nakamura choukou






















Chinese
Japanese
Contact Us
Business Overview
About Us
Home





 




We are independently developing, manufacturing, and distributing "DINA-PRISM," a diamond saw wire cutting tool that is essential to the slicing process of electronic materials used for solar batteries, LEDs, etc. 
				      
			        By using a unique fixed method for our diamond grains, we can achieve high-speed results, remarkable strength, and reduce costs, while maintaining a high reputation.				    

Features of our independently-developed "DINA-PRISM" Diamond Saw Wire
What is Diamond wire?
Manufacturing Process of Silicon Wafer
Nakamura Choukou's diamond wire is used in the slicing process in manufacturing silicon wafers, which are used for the
main part of a solar battery panel, that is, a solar cell.
A “diamond wire” is a tool used to thinly slice rectangular silicon ingots that are pre-cut to the dimensions of each wafer.
It is a threadlike slicing tool made with a thin piano wire with diamond granules firmly attached and is thinner than a
human hair.




Characteristics and strengths
Solutions for our clients
 

Our high-speed, high-strength diamond fixation technology enables   us to produce our "DINA-PRISM" diamond saw wire with high-efficiency at a low   cost.
This also allows us to provide speedy, detailed customization to   meet the demands of various customers at the slice processing site.
Transition from free abrasive grain method  to fixed abrasive grain method					
				
For the slice processing method used for electronic materials, we expedite transition from a conventional free abrasive grain method to a fixed abrasive grain method. The fixed abrasive grain method enables higher production capacity and eases environmental strain for a revolutionary improvement in slice processing of electronic materials.					


Additionally, Nakamura Choukou is making efforts to further thin the diamond wire since increasing the number of
silicon wafers produced from an ingot is an important advantage for wafer manufacturers in terms of production
efficiency and cost reduction.

The 4th Japan Grand Prize METI Minister’s award
  Nakamura Choukou received the 4th Japan Grand Prize awarded by Mr. Edano,   Minister of Economy, Trade and Industry as one of the most excellent   manufacturers.


  (Date) Wednesday, February 15, 2012 
(Venue) National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies, Roppongi, Minato Ward, Tokyo
Diamond Saw Wire Development Points
By adopting a fixed grain method for slice processing of our diamond saw wires,   cost reduction becomes a requirement. And, in order for new processing methods   to become firmly established, acquiring processing requirements, and diamond saw   customization that meets processing objectives become important elements.



Electronic Material Slice Periphery Business

Diamond Saw Wire

Slice Processing  （Subsidiary company）


High-precision Equipment Business 

Wear-resistant Parts
Mounter Nozzles 
Micro Reactor Items 
Automatic Nozzle Cleaner

Chemical Fiber Spinning Nozzle Business 

Nippon nozzle
			      （Subsidiary company）
About New Business

Nano-sized zeolite
Entrusted synthesis and reseach for drug discovery 
Others
Download
 



Home ｜ About nakamurachoukou ｜ Business Overview ｜ Contact Us ｜ 日本語 ｜ 中文
  ｜ Privacy Policy  Copyright (c) Nakamura Choukou Co.,Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
		      27-27 Tsurutacho, Nishi-ku, Sakai City, Osaka 593-8323  (+81)72-274-0007  



Company Profile for Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd



























































X



Edition:

India


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd (6166.T)





Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    










				6166.T on Tokyo Stock Exchange


				2,402JPY
11:30am IST





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    ¥-46


					            (-1.88%)
					        






Prev Close

¥2,448


Open

¥2,448




Day's High

¥2,482


Day's Low

¥2,381




Volume

85,200


Avg. Vol

310,496




52-wk High

¥3,160


52-wk Low

¥1,011












					Full Description



		NAKAMURA CHOUKOU CO.,LTD. is a Japan-based company mainly engaged in development, manufacture and sales of electronic material slice periphery related products, high precision equipment related products, chemical fiber spinning nozzle related products. The Company has three business segments. The Electronic Material Slice Periphery segment is mainly engaged in development, manufacture and sales of diamond wires used in slice processing of silicon wafer for solar panels. The High Precision Equipment segment manufactures nozzles and mounting head peripheral components for electronic component mounting machine, as well as key components of industrial machine tools. The Chemical Fiber Spinning Nozzle segment is mainly engaged in development, manufacture and sales of spinning nozzles and peripheral components for chemical fibers, nozzles for non woven fabrics.
» Full Overview of 6166.T







					Company Address



Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd
MAC Center, 27-27, Tsuruta-cho, SAKAI-SHI   OSK   593-8323
P: +8172.2740007F: +8172.2731250







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Makoto Inoue

--




							 Yasuo Miyake

--




							 Asami Inoue

--




							 Satoshi Kawagishi

--




							 Hirobumi Masuda

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Nakamura Choukou Co Ltd News




» More 6166.T  News
















Related Topics: 
Stock QuotesIndustrialsElectrical Components & Equipment





















