

Shandong Pulilong Pressure Vessel Co. Ltd



























Login | 

Register  | 
        
Buyer
Supplier


Messages  | 


Get Quotations




Products

Products
Suppliers
News






Popular Product Searches
 power bank 
 bluetooth speaker
 led
 bluetooth headset
 smart watch































Shandong Pulilong Pressure Vessel Co. Ltd



More products from related suppliers



Submit RFQ and get quotes from verified suppliers

Request For Quotations (RFQ)
Get Quotations




Home
Product List
	
	

Company Information
   

Trade Shows

Contact Us




With Three SubsidiariesEstablished in 1992, Shandong Pulilong Group is specialized in the R&D, production and sale of pressure vessel products. Now, we have three subsidiaries, including Shandong Pulilong Pressure Vessel Co. Ltd, Shandong Pulilong Environmental Engineering Technology Development Co. Ltd, and Jinan Pulilong Water Supply Equipment Co. Ltd. For expanding exports, at the ... More...


With Three SubsidiariesEstablished in 1992, Shandong Pulilong Group is specialized in the R&D, production and sale of pressure vessel products. Now, we have three subsidiaries, including Shandong Pulilong Pressure Vessel Co. Ltd, Shandong Pulilong Environmental Engineering Technology Development Co. Ltd, and Jinan Pulilong Water Supply Equipment Co. Ltd. For expanding exports, at the end of 2013, we set up a branch in Russia. Complying to Quality Guidelines and StandardsOur products are manufactured under ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and GS28001 guidelines and meet ASME and API standards. We mainly deal with all kinds of pressure vessels, petroleum equipment, water treatment equipment and water supply equipment. Cooperate with Us TodayWe always keep "technique and quality" as our strategy, and keep to the design concepts of innovation and energy conservation. We look forward to working with you. Call now.

Business type:Manufacturer MoreStaff:150 to 199Year Established:1992






Contact Supplier:
Inquire Now


Wang, RoySales Manager



Get e-mail alerts on latest products!




				Enter your e-mail address
				
















	  Products of Shandong Pulilong Pressure Vessel Co. Ltd
	  


Inquire Now


Select all
|
Clear all


Please select product(s) below and click "Inquire Now"







Shell and tube oil ...
			  









ASME Floating Coil ...
			  









Water supply equipment
			  









Water supply equipment
			  









Pneumatic water san...
			  









Stainless steel sto...
			  









Stainless steel oil...
			  









Pressurized water s...
			  









Water supply equipment
			  









Water storage tank
			  









Water supply system
			  









Water Supply Equipment
			  









Expansion tank
			  









Stainless steel air...
			  









Water supply equipment
			  









Stainless steel wat...
			  





Show all products









Contact Details






For a quicker and more positive response,
Introduce yourself and your company
Indicate your requirements in detail
State any special requests or customization required
View sample
Enter 20 to 1500 characters


Send your inquiry direct to this supplier
Please type in English.



 
Shandong Pulilong Pressure Vessel Co. Ltd

Address: 
No.6, Dexing Road, Tianqiao District, Jinan, Shandong, China  (250032)
Tel: 
			
 (86 531) 88083185

			
 (86 531) 88083175
Fax: 
			
 (86 531) 82518562

			Homepage Address: 
http://www.globalsources.com/pulilong.co



Shandong Pulilong Pressure Vessel Co. Ltd does not currently advertise comprehensive company & product information with Global Sources. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of company and product information.











	
	  Verified Suppliers of Heat exchanger
	
	


Inquire Now

 Add to Basket 
          


Select all
|
Clear all


Please select product(s) below and click "Inquire Now" or "Add to Basket"







Small condenser ...







Shell and Tube E...







Heat exchanger







Water to water h...







Large condenser







water cooled con...







sea water cooled...







Shell and tube



See more recently added Heat exchanger suppliers










Verified Suppliers Profile







A&S Machinery Co., Ltd.

Leading supplier of spare parts for excavators, loaders and bulldozers

                	Visit Supplier Showroom



Inquire Now








Zhejiang Litian Industrial Company Limited

We partner with Danfoss, Bitzerand Schneider Electric

                	Visit Supplier Showroom



Inquire Now








QUJIANG METAL PARTS LTD

We have over 10 years' OEM/ODM experience in metal and plastic parts

                	Visit Supplier Showroom



Inquire Now








Shanghai Everskill Mechanical & Electric Products Co. Ltd

Our state-certified R&D institution houses 8 sophisticated laboratories

                	Visit Supplier Showroom



Inquire Now








Sichuan Defeng Metal Materials Co.,Ltd

ISO 9001-certified aluminum extrusion manufacturer

                	Visit Supplier Showroom



Inquire Now





Popular Searches




Top Products

Aluminium Radiator
Aluminum Radiator
Flexible Coupling
Energy Recovery Ventilator
Electric Radiator
Graphite Heat Exchanger
Aluminum Heat Exchangers
Oil Cooler Radiator
Shell Tube Heat Exchanger
Air Air Heat Recovery



Top China Suppliers

China Aluminium Radiator
China Flexible Coupling
China Energy Recovery Ventilator
China Graphite Heat Exchanger
China Aluminum Heat Exchangers
China Oil Cooler Radiator
China Shell Tube Heat Exchanger
China Air Compressor Cooler
China Brazed Heat Exchanger
China Building Steel Structure



Top Wholesale Products

Wholesale Flexible Coupling
Wholesale Aluminium Radiator
Wholesale Aluminum Radiator
Wholesale Electric Radiator
Wholesale Aluminum Heat Exchangers
Wholesale Exchanger Tube
Wholesale Gasket Heat Exchanger
Wholesale Heat Exchanger 3
Wholesale Heat Exchanger Condensers
Wholesale Heat Exchanger Gasket



Factories

Aluminium Radiator Factories
Aluminum Radiator Factories
Flexible Coupling Factories
Energy Recovery Ventilator Factories
Electric Radiator Factories
Graphite Heat Exchanger Factories
Aluminum Heat Exchangers Factories
Oil Cooler Radiator Factories
Shell Tube Heat Exchanger Factories
Air Air Heat Recovery Factories



Product catalog

bike exchange
flue gas
potassium sulphate
dry heat
falling film evaporator
Aluminium Radiator
Aluminum Radiator
Flexible Coupling
Energy Recovery Ventilator
Electric Radiator





Products Page 1
Products Page 2







      Share:
	  Facebook
Twitter
Google +
LinkedIn


	Follow us:  E-mail
 Bookmark



Find More Products:
Browse Product Categories
|
New Products
|
Top China Suppliers
|
Top Products


Copyright © 2017 Media Data Systems Pte Ltd (Singapore Co. Reg. No. 199001601W). All rights reserved.
 Terms of Use Privacy Policy Security Measures IP Policy
About The Translation
hkweb18.globalsources.com






Request for quotations


Fast and easy to use
Receive tailored offers
Compare quotations
Learn more






Close

Please select your preferred language:

If you wish to change the language or use the original language later, please refer to the header or footer for more language options.





















Contact Supplier:
Wang, RoySales Manager


Inquire Now




Product Alert
Get e-mail alerts on latest products!





				Enter your e-mail address
				







Back to Top






AC





Inquire Now


 Add to Basket





Min. Order:



FOB Price:



Certs:
 More...


Video:Low|High












  Verified Manufacturer
  

    The business scope of this supplier's independently verified Business Registration, as licensed by relevant government agencies, allows it to manufacture goods.
    View BR Profile






 Supplier Capability Assessment
  

    This supplier has a supplier audit from an independent 3rd party of TÜV SÜD, Bureau Veritas or Easecredit.
    View details






 Private Sourcing Event
  

    This supplier was selected by a volume buyer to attend a Private Sourcing Event. 
    Learn more







 Magazine
  
Learn more by viewing this supplier's Magazine ad.



Download:Full-size ad  | e-Magazine | iPad app





 Major Customer
  

    This supplier has worked with the following Major Customers: 
	

View all






 Trade Show
  

Come and meet us at the Fair! Register




This supplier has exhibited at one or more of our specialized sourcing Trade Shows.



Click here to view  the online booth


View all





 Online Store
  

    This supplier has one or more e-commerce storefronts accessible here:   
	

Click here to learn more about this supplier








    This supplier is a participant in the Hinrich Foundation`s Export Assistance Program, which supports verified export manufacturers in developing countries across Asia.  
	
Learn more







Is the product image unclear or different from the product description? Is the product description or specifications incorrect or confusing?
Yes | No


Thank you!
Your submission has been received and will be reviewed.
Close










Request For Quotations (RFQ)
Fast-track your sourcing process in 3 easy steps

Submit request
Compare quotations
Contact suppliers

Get Quotations
Learn more















VESSEL CO.,LTD South Korea Manufacturers, suppliers





















































Sign in
Join Free

About tradeKorea


Support




FAQ


Contact us


Newsletter Subscribe


TradeAlert


How to Use


Product Listing Policy






Service




News & Notice


Success Stories


KITA Member's Lounge


Online Exhibition


GBMS


Global Partners


KITA ePay Information


Keyword Trends


Korea Trade Statistics






My tradeKorea




Seller


My Inquries


My Products


My Sales


My C/L


My Report


Minisite


Buyer


My Inquries


My Buying Leads


My Order


My Accounts





Cart

국문
中文






MENU


Home
Products
Company Information
Notice Board
      Contact Us       

Send Inquiry
+82-31-236-0063







http://vessel21.tradekorea.com
VESSEL CO.,LTD
			 
		



























VESSEL CO.,LTD
VESSEL CO.,LTD






				
					
					
					    
					    
					    Category Product
					
				
			

Category menu




Category background


Other[1]














								LCD OVEN
							












				
					
					
					    Company Profile
					    
					    
					
				
			







Company NameVESSEL CO.,LTD
Business Type
Year Established
-

LocationSouth Korea
Main Markets-
Total Employees

												
												1-50 People
											

Homepage

											-	
											
										










Go to KITA.org




Global Business Matching Service


Post Buying Leads


My tradeKorea


How to use tradeKorea







Privacy Policy - 
						Terms of Use - 
						About tradeKorea - 
						
Korean Manufacturers
Copyright ⓒ 2008 - Fri Aug 04 00:34:41 GMT+09:00 2017  KITA (Korea International Trade Association). All rights reserved.


tradeKorea.com is a Global Business to Business (B2B) Online Marketplace that helps facilitate online trade between exporters and importers from around the world.
tradeKorea






















VESSEL CO., INC.




































Hand tools
Bit and Socket
Air tools
Air nipper
Static Solution
Gas Engined tools







The Company
History
about ISO






































16/11/28　SAKISUBO Slim Torsion Bit
16/05/27　No.CF300-E Cross-Flow Fan Type Ionizer
16/05/23　Conclude Sponsor Support Agreement for Asia Cross Country Rally









Copyright© 1999-2015 VESSEL CO.,INC. All rights reserved.










Shanghai Pudong Gonglu Plastics Vessel CO., LTD. - China Chemical Suppliers & Manufacturers






Chinachemnet   |   Sign in   |   Join NowShanghai Pudong Gonglu Plastics Vessel CO., LTD.    
Shanghai Pudong Gonglu Plastics Vessel CO., LTD.http://www.chinachemnet.com/16950/


Chinese VersionGold Suppliers > Shanghai Pudong Gonglu Plastics Vessel CO., LTD.
 

Search Product










Home
About Us
Featured Products
Products
Contact Info







Region :China/Shanghai
Tel : +86-21-58563604 58563803
Fax : +86-21-58563604
Email :spglpvp@online.sh.cn
URL :www.chinachemnet.com/shplastic










more>>About Us

    Shanghai pudong Gonglu Plastics Vessel CO.,LTD. is located in pudong Developing Area. It adjoins both Chuansha lu and Jinhai lu and has transport facilities. The plant is possessed of more than 20 mu land, with fixed assets of more than 30 million yuan and three lines of cored blow molding machne, it specializxed manufactures the 200 I double L-ring of wholly plastics large vessel with sealed cover, It can produce as more as 1000 large vessels of 200 I per day and has the intgrate examining instrumentation.        The plant has rich technical rorce, quali...











more>>Products


• 20l sealed plastic barrel Inquire
• 25l sealed plastic barrel Inquire
• 30l sealed plastic barrel Inquire
• 50l sealed plastic barrel Inquire
• 120l sealed plastic barrel Inquire
• 200 L sealed double Inquire
• 200 L sealed single Inquire
• 40l open plastic barrel Inquire
• 40L open steel hoop Pail Inquire
• 60l open plastic barrel Inquire
• 60l open iron hoop barrel Inquire
• 100l open plastic barrel Inquire
• 120l open plastic barrel Inquire
• 160l open plastic barrel Inquire
• 200l open plastic barrel Inquire

















Home   |   Product   |   Gold Suppliers   |   Selling Board   |   Company Board   |   CAS
©1997-2011 ChinaChemNet.com Corporation and its licensors. All rights reserved. 

 








All product certificates of Zhejiang Jindun Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd. - Certipedia

















TÜV Rheinland®




Home 

Product Certificates 
Product Manufacturers from A-Z
Overview Test Marks Products



System Certificates 
Certified Companies from A-Z
Certified Companies by Industry
Overview Test Marks Systems



Personal Certificates 
Qualifications
Certified Persons



Certipedia FAQ

Your Certipedia Entry
Overview Test Marks Products
Overview Test Marks Systems
Overview Tests of Technical Equipment and in the Industry
Important Technical Terms from A-Z




 Search







Global Websites

Contact

Addresses Worldwide


 Search

Directory list




Languages

EnglishDeutschPolskiEspañol



Login






Trouble logging in?
Sign up
Login


 














HomeZhejiang Jindun Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd.Product Certificates



Print
E-mail
Contact



Back





Zhejiang Jindun Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd.Qiantian Village, Xiaoyue Town312367 Shangyu, Zhejiang ProvinceChina

    


      浙江金盾压力容器有限公司China浙江省上虞市小越镇前田村邮编: 312367


    

4 certificates for products












Certificate Type
Product Type
Model Name
Details





                  EC-Type examination
                

                  Dangerous Goods - Equipment and Accessories                

                  ZJD-GP2.C33e-01, Rev. 2                

0000013937




                  EC-Type examination
                

                  Dangerous Goods - Equipment and Accessories                

                  ZJD-GP3.C30e-01, Rev. 1                

0000013938




                  EC-Type examination
                

                  Dangerous Goods - Equipment and Accessories                

                  ZJD-GP3.C31e01, Rev. 1                

0000014538




                  EC-Type examination
                

                  Dangerous Goods - Equipment and Accessories                

                  ZJD-GP2.C33e-01, Rev. 3                

0000014539





















Copyright ©2015 TÜV Rheinland. All rights reserved.
            Any utilization of this material - including the duplication on thereof - requires prior consent.






TÜV Rheinland Corporate Website
Sitemap
Data Privacy Declaration


Legal disclaimer
Copyright ©2015 TÜV Rheinland























China Lng Tank, Compressor Tank, Cryogenic Tank, Crude Oil Storage Tanks, Stainless Steel Water Tank Manufacturers, Suppliers, Factory and Company - Qingdao Haikong Pressure Vessel Co.,Ltd















日本語

+86-532-66997205
        








 Home
 About Us
Products
Stainless Steel Storage Tank
Carbon Steel Storage Tank
Cryogenic Tank
Custom Vessel


News
Exhibition
 Contact Us
 Feedback

















Featured Products





LO2 Cryogenic TankQingdao Haikong Pressure Vessel Co.,Ltd is...




20m3 Vertical Cryogenic Gas Storage Tank




Compressor TankQingdao Haikong Pressure Vessel Co.,Ltd is...




Air Carbon Steel TankQingdao Haikong Pressure Vessel Co.,Ltd is...











Product Categories 



Stainless Steel Storage Tank
Stainless Steel Pressure Tank
Stailness Steel Atmospheric Pressure Tank

Carbon Steel Storage Tank
Carbon Steel Atmsopheric Pressure Container
Carbon Steel Pressure Contianer

Cryogenic Tank
20m3 Vertical Cryogenic Gas Storage Tank

Custom Vessel







News & Events


Be Sure To Solve The Problem Of Oil A...
Compressed air for medical use as a medicine, must be oil-fr
More



Safety Of Medical Gas Pipeline Systems

More



Scope Of Application Of The Software

More





Company Profile

The Qingdao Haikong Pressure Vessel Co.,Ltd is a global leader in pressure vessel fabrication since 1996, which offers our customers exceptional value and a unique advantage in the marketplace.We are the authorized designer and manfuacture of pressure vessel and our systems are governed by ASME/PED/ISO/SGS/TUV etc.
Learn More








Feedback







Contact Us

Address: 11th, Foor Block 1 Nobel Square, N0.328 Dunhua Road, Qingdao,China.
          Tel: +86-532-66997205
          Fax: +86-532-66997201-8015
          E-mail:haikong@haikong.cn








Home  | About Us | Products | News | Exhibition | Contact Us | Feedback | Mobile | XML
Copyright © Qingdao Haikong Pressure Vessel Co.,Ltd
















Vessel

















Vessel joins Verizon!


OCTOBER 26, 2016

Yesterday,
        Richard and I signed the docs. Today we are announcing that Vessel
        is joining Verizon! This is a big day for us, and we’d like to
        share why:

Starting with
        our launch 18 months ago, we’ve been fortunate to assemble an
        amazing team and to build a service and company whose mission is to
        make media better. It has been incredibly fun to brainstorm ways
        technology can power a great video experience globally, to dream up
        ways to improve video advertising and to make those ambitions a
        reality. At the same time, Verizon, the largest wireless service
        provider in the US, has made clear their convictions about the
        future of online video. They share our belief that internet
        protocol will inevitably become the dominant way consumers access
        great video experiences. The Verizon team has backed this
        conviction with material investments and a focus on what makes them
        unique in a competitive marketplace. It’s easy for our team to
        imagine the amazing ways customers can be served when Verizon’s
        high speed wireless platform is combined with their strategic
        commitment to video and our team.

At the heart
        of this transaction is the Vessel technology, product and team that
        we have built. These three things will be married with Verizon’s
        ambitions in online video. Though the team and the actual tech +
        product will live on at Verizon in ways that will become apparent
        in the months and years ahead, sadly we will be sunsetting the
        Vessel service at the end of this month (October 31). All
        subscribers of Vessel will be provided complimentary access for the
        month of October*, and subscribers of our annual plan will be
        refunded back to the beginning of October. Richard will be leading
        the charge on all things technology, product and team going
        forward, whereas Jason’s focus will be to ensure a smooth
        transition through the end of this year.

It is hard
        for us to put into words how thankful we are to our customers, our
        team members and our investors for their support. Our greatest
        professional joys have always been a function of time spent
        innovating and building. Thank you for making it possible for us to
        do just that from the day we started Vessel. And our thanks to
        Verizon for their commitment to online video such that this amazing
        team continues on its mission, now on a dramatically larger
        scale.

With excitement and thanks!









Jason Kilar

Richard Tom


CEO & Co-Founder

CTO & Co-Founder





* Users who
        subscribed through iTunes will need to contact Apple customer
        support for a refund. Subscribers will receive an email with
        instructions.


© 2016 Vessel Group, Inc.






		VESSEL CO.,LTD Recommended Product
	












































Sign in
Join Free

About tradeKorea


Support




FAQ


Contact us


Newsletter Subscribe


TradeAlert


How to Use


Product Listing Policy






Service




News & Notice


Success Stories


KITA Member's Lounge


Online Exhibition


GBMS


Global Partners


KITA ePay Information


Keyword Trends


Korea Trade Statistics






My tradeKorea




Seller


My Inquries


My Products


My Sales


My C/L


My Report


Minisite


Buyer


My Inquries


My Buying Leads


My Order


My Accounts





Cart

국문
中文






MENU


Home
Products
Company Information
Notice Board
      Contact Us       

Send Inquiry
+82-31-236-0063







http://vessel21.tradekorea.com
VESSEL CO.,LTD
			 
		


























Products
Category menu




Category background


other[1]





















												LCD OVEN
											














Go to KITA.org




Global Business Matching Service


Post Buying Leads


My tradeKorea


How to use tradeKorea







Privacy Policy - 
						Terms of Use - 
						About tradeKorea - 
						
Korean Manufacturers
Copyright ⓒ 2008 - Fri Aug 04 00:34:45 GMT+09:00 2017  KITA (Korea International Trade Association). All rights reserved.


tradeKorea.com is a Global Business to Business (B2B) Online Marketplace that helps facilitate online trade between exporters and importers from around the world.
tradeKorea








Jiangsu Shuguang Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd.
















 


news
product








































Company Profile


Company Culture


Company Structure


Company Quality


Company Achievement






Products Applications of Jiangsu Shuguang Bellows Co., Ltd.


Jiangsu Shuguang Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd.


Series Expansion Joints


Pressure Vessels Series


SAM Series


SHOW






News


Information industry 






Techno-support


Order online





















Products · Pressure Vessels Series












Products











Products Applications of Jiangsu Shuguang Bellows Co., Ltd.











Jiangsu Shuguang Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd.











Series Expansion Joints











Pressure Vessels Series











SAM Series











SHOW

















WWW.SHUGUANG.COM  















Please the choice
Shuguang Group
Shuguang Drilling Tool Co., Ltd.
Shuguang Huayang Drilling Tool Co., Ltd.
Shuguang Bellows Co., Ltd.
Shuguang Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd.
Shuguang Oil Tools Co., Ltd.
Tube-Cote Shuguang Coating Co., Ltd.
 Stowell Shuguang Power Co., Ltd.
 Hexin Petroleum Machinery Co., Ltd.

















About Us








Company General Introduction

Jiangsu Shuguang Pressure Vessel Co., ltd and Jiangsu Shuguang Bellows Co., ltd are subsidiary companies wholly owned by Shuguang Group. They mainly produce “JING XIU ” and “Shuguang” Brands of metal flexible hoses , expansion joints ,  energy saving heat exchangers as well as the first ,second and third class of pressure vessels. Products are widely sold in United States, Japan, Canada, Pakistan, and Taiwan in China mainland, Indonesia and other countries as well as other districts.

Located in Tai Zhou, Jiangsu Province in China, It employed 12655 staffs and 350 technical staffs with 68000 sq areas and 35000 sq construction areas. It owns IMB 2.1 billion in total capital with fixed assets about IMB 85 million. It equips with kinds of advanced manufacture machines and testing instruments with 450 sets and also imports Japan FLEX Company Bellow two production lines as well as domestic other two production lines. Meanwhile, there are advanced testing X-RAY Inspection Equipment, Magnetic Particle Inspection Equipment, Ultrasonic Testing Equipment, Mechanical Property Testing Equipment, Universal Material Testing Equipment, Gas Tight Testing Equipment, and Reliability Testing Equipment.

Company Main Products: From DN4- DN800mm metal flexible hose is checked in compliance with GB/T 14525-1993 Standard. From DN25- DN6500mm expansion joint design adopts EJMA standard, and manufactured according to GB/T12777-2008.
Bellows Heat Exchangers include:
Rv-02 Serial vertical container heat exchanger;
RV-03Serial horizontal diversion flow multi-lines container heat exchanger;
RV-04Serial vertical diversion flow container heat exchanger;
F Serial floating head gas - water heat exchanger;
BES Serial floating head gas to water heat exchanger.
Heat exchanger design adopts GB150-1998 standard.                                         
Manufacture License of Special Equipment People’s Republic of China (pressure vessel) and Manufacture Permit are awarded by the State Bureau of Quality Supervision
Our company awarded the Safety Certificate of Pressure Pipe in 2000, and the Approval of Design Enterprise for BR1 Level Pressure in 2002, Manufacture License of D2 level Pressure Vessel by the State Bureau of Quality Supervision. In 2005, our company has been qualified with Manufacture License of Special Equipment by People’s Republic of China (Pressure Vessel) and Design certificate of Special Equipment by People’s Republic of China in 2007. Meanwhile, we have  been granted with “  Famous Brand Product in Jiangsu Province, in China” , High New Technology”, “  Excellent Company” , “High Quality Product”,  “Credit of Enterprise”, “The Company Valuating Contract and Keeping Promise”, “One of Hundreds Superiority of Enterprises”. Besides, we have been evaluated as AAA level credit standing company” and are member of SINOPEC Partial Resource Market, of CNPC Natural Gas Assembly Location, Supplier of the China Metallurgical and Mining Association Accessory  Center , of Electrical  Power Unit ,and of Electrical  Power Planning Design General Institute.
Our Company’s Management Purpose: the First-Class Product, Users Focus, Excellent Product with Fair Price. We are appreciated looking forward to cooperating with you!

Company’s System
Design: Design Calculation adopts EJMA Standard and GB/T12777 in domestic standard.

Raw Material:
After checking quality of suppliers for raw materials, we take the pointing provision. Professional staff strictly checks repeatedly. Examine projects: metallograph , intercrystlline  corrosion and non-destructive inspection and so on.
Inspection:
Middle inspection: X-ray inspection on Pressure containing weld, and dye penetrant inspection.
Finished product inspection: 
Stress inspection, Fatigue Inspection, Blasting Inspection, Vibration Inspection.
Inspection Project: gastight inspection.

QC System:
Our company has passed ISO9002, and implements “the Law of Quality”. QC department controls purchased components, quality of purchased part, the overall procedures.
Serials of products:
The serials of expansion joints
Usual type (T Shape)
The expansion joint is constituted by a bellow and two end link pipes .It utilizes bellow’s flexibility to change pipeline’s axial movement (and sometimes lateral movement, angular movement).End link pipes can be directly welded with piping link pipe or first welded with  flange and then jointed with piping flanges. Its small tie rod is to support or adjust position in avoid of product deforming, rather than bearing strength .The kind of T Type product is in good quality with reasonable price.

The Requirement of Installment:
(a) The guide cylinder direction should be same with medium flow 
. (Flow direction marked on expansion joint)
(b)After installed on site, tie rod needs dismantled.
(c)In order to less pipe structure stress, the kind of expansion operates pre-deformation (pre-pull, pre-press) before installed. Users emphasize the situation in contract if products need pre-deformed.

Double Entry Axial Expansion Joint with Base (FZ Type)Introduction: The kind of expansion joint is constructed with two- section bellows. Installed between bellows, base is placed in the one seconds of straight pipeline. Left half pipeline’s axial movement will be absorbed by expansion joint, and the right half pipeline on the contrary.

The Requirement of Installment:

External Pressure Single Axial Expansion Joint (WZD Type)
Introduction: The two ends of bellows are separately linked with external container and internal container and the number of waves is more excessive .On condition that bellows are under external pressure, it will absorb more axial movement.
On installed guide cylinder, its direction coincides with medium flow direction.(Flow direction marked on expansion joint)
In order to less pipe structure stress, the kind of expansion operates pre-deformation (pre-pull, pre-press) before installed. Users emphasize the situation in contract if products needs pre-deformed.
The small tie rod on expansion joint is used for installation, transportation and adjustment, but not bearing strength. After installed on site, it needs dismantling.

The Requirement of Installment:
The direction of guide container keeps same with medium flow direction(flow direction marked on expansion joint )
The kicker port is up when installed, while drain port is down.
After installed on site, tie rods need dismantling.

Lateral Small Tie Rod Expansion Joint (XZH Type)
Introduction: The type of expansion joint is consisted of two –section bellows, middle link pipe and some accessories like tie rod with limit screws .It absorbs lateral movement ,but also axial movement. What is indicated is that tie rods aren’t able to serve as bearing internal pressure.
The Requirement of Installment:
If you don’t need tie rod, notice us on contract.
When the tie rods are used , users are advised that screws loosen away from otic placode in some distance(specific figures is up to compensation dosage)
On the occasion that practical compensation dosage is beyond the stipulated figures in samples pamphlet (life span N≤1000times), the tie rods must be dismantled  after product has been installed.

Amortization Expansion Joint (JZ Type)
Introduction: The amortization expansion joint usually is applied on power equipment such as the entrance and low of pressure pump. Its main applications are to dampen, absorb noise and last life span of equipment and pipelines.

Large Lateral Expansion Joint (LH Type)
Introduction: The expansion joint includes two-section bellows, long middle link pipe and large tie rods and it can absorb lateral movement in any position of pipelines.
The spherical screws on large tie rod rotate around spherical filler ring when move .At the same time, large tie rod has capability of bearing internal pressure.

The Requirement of Installment:
The function of small tie rod is to cold spring in transportation, not as bearing strength. After product has been installed, small tie rod needs dismantling so that equipment can be in operation.
 If the lateral movement is required to increase or pressure of system is higher, the expansion joint can be in cold spring which the degrees are half of practical lateral movement that is 1 /2Y.The direction of cold spring and lateral movement is opposite.

The Hinge Lateral Expansion Joint (JH Type)

Introduction: The type of expansion joints are constituted by two angular expansion joints and one long middle link pipe. It can absorb lateral movement on single surface as well as the hinge axle can bear internal stress.

The Requirement of Installment:
The small tie rod is used for installment, transportation and cold spring, but not as bearing stress. After product has been installed, it must be dismantled
The surface of hinge axial rotation keeps same with movement surface.
If the lateral movement is required to increase or pressure of system is higher, the expansion joint can be in cold spring which the degrees are half of practical lateral movement that is 1 /2Y.The direction of cold and lateral movement is opposite.
Universal Hinge Expansion Joint (W Type)

Introduction: The expansion joint concludes universal ring around which there are two pair of mutual vertical hinges. Therefore, it can absorb angular movement in any surface. Usually, as absorbing movement, two or three combinations are in operation.

The Requirement of Installation:

(a) The small tie rod is used for installment, transportation and cold spring. After product has been installed, it must be dismantled.
(b) On condition that angular deformation of expansion joint enlarges, or the working pressure becomes higher, product needs cold spring whose figures are usually 50% or 100% when installed. The advantage of cold spring is to advance the stability of expansion joint and pipeline running.

Universal Hinge Lateral Expansion Joint (WH Type)Introduction: The type of expansion joints are combination of two universal expansion joints and long middle link pipes. It can absorb lateral flexure movement in any direction. Their hinge axels can support internal stress. 

The Requirement of Installation:
(a) The small tie rod is used for installment, transportation and cold spring. After product has been installed, it must be dismantled.

（b）If the lateral movement is required to increase or pressure of system is higher, the expansion joint can be in cold spring which the degrees are half of practical lateral movement that is 1 /2Y.The direction of cold and lateral movement is opposite.

Hinge Expansion Joint (J Type)

Introduction: The type of expansion joints are combination of link pipe and one pair of hinges that are constituted by bellows and link pipe. Under circumstance that two of three angular expansion joints are in effect, it only can absorb angular movement from single surface. Hinges are able to bear internal pressure.

The Requirement of Installment:
(a)The small tie rod is used for installment, transportation and cold spring. After product has been installed, it must be dismantled.
(b) On condition that angular deformation of expansion joint enlarges, or the working pressure becomes higher, product needs cold spring whose figures are usually 50% or 100% when installed. The advantage of cold spring is to advance the stability of expansion joint and pipeline running.
(c)Notice that the surface of hinges rotation must be equal to the surface of movement.

Bypassing Straight Pipe Balancing Pressure Expansion Joint (ZPP Type)

Introduction: It is able to absorb internal pressure and the self-balance is superior to ZP TYPE expansion joint. Meanwhile, it is small and economic with properties of low stiffness and superior guidance quality and no special requirement for installation’s direction.
The Requirement of Installation:
In order to make the spring reaction lower, all products have been handled with 50% pre –deformation so that there is no need for pre-deformation when installed.
When installed, drain port is to be placed down.
After the products have been installed on site, small tie rods need dismantling. 

The Waist Drum Straight Link Balancing Pressure Expansion Joint (ZP Type)
Introduction: The expansion joint has separately bellow on its two ends and a balancing pressure bellow in the middle .It can support internal pressure through stressed component such as large tie rod so that pipelines in the middle of pipelines ,fixed stand needs installing. And the type of expansion joint absorbs axial movement.
The Requirement of Installation:
The type of expansion joint is installed horizontally applied in straight pipelines built on stilts.
After the expansion joint installed, all small tie rods need dismantling.
In order to lower down expansion joint’s counter –spring influence on stand bracket; the expansion joint can be pre-pulled or pre-press before installed. (It can take effect through adjusting small tie rods.)
Knee Pipe Balancing Pressure Expansion Joint (QPH Type)
Introduction: The expansion joint has two bellows in the front which could absorb lateral movement resulted from knee pipes .There is a balancing bellow absorbing axial movement from straight pipes behind balancing ends .As the knee pipes change in lateral movement ,filler rings on spherical screws  for  large tie rods come to rotate and support thrust influenced by internal pressure. Therefore, the specification of expansion joints can be applied in the exit of pumps, containers, compression pumps and turbines.
The Requirement of Installation:
(a)The guide cylinder direction should be same with medium flow 
. (Flow direction marked on expansion joint)
(b)After product has been installed, small tie rods must be dismantled.
In order to less pipe stand stress, the kind of expansion is operated with pre-deformation (pre-pulled, pre-pressed) before installed. The axial can be pre-pulled or pre-pressed while lateral is taken cold spring whose degrees are half of practical axial movement .And the process of cold spring is controlled in opposite direction of lateral deformation.
The General Introduction of Non -Metal Expansion Joint 
The advantages of non- metal expansion joint:
ⅰ：Compensation heat expansion joint: It can compensate multi-direction better than simplex metal expansion joint.
ⅱ:The error of installation :It is unavoidable  that there must appears few errors in the process of linking pipes. However, fiber expansion joint gives no chances of error of installation.
ⅲ:Noise elimination and amortization: With  the abilities of noise elimination and amortization of fabric and thermal insulation, it is effective to cut the noise and vibration of boiler and air blower and other equipments.
ⅳ:No counterforce:  Due to use of fabric, it can  simplify design and devote no large stand to utility leading to the saving of numerous materials and  human resources.
ⅴ:Superior heat resistance and anti-corrosion: The fluoroplastics and Organic silicon have the attributes of heat and carrion assistance.
ⅵ:Excellent Leakproofness: There is integrated production assembling  and fabric compensation joint can guarantee no leakproofness.
ⅶ:light volume, simply structure and convenient  assembling and maintenance.
The Type of Nonmetallic Expansion Joint (Flexibility)
ⅰ:Straight tank mode XD expansion joint
ⅱ:flanging mode XDB expansion joint
ⅲ:Duplex type XDB expansion joint
ⅳ:Angular type XJ expansion joint
The connection mode of nonmetallic expansion joint (Flexibility): 
1. Flange links with nonmetallic expansion joint (Fabric Expansion Joint 
2. Pipe is connected with nonmetallic expansion joint. (Fabric Expansion Joint)
The Requirement of Installation:
The nonmetallic expansion joint is assembled strictly in compliance with working drawing of engineering pipelines and the guide for installation of nonmetallic stipulated.
In accordance with the parameters of expansion joint deformation (including compress, pull, and twist), it is mandatory that the pipes linked with nonmetallic expansion joint is to be adjusted errors of installation site.
Carefully protect nonmetallic astragal to prevent it from sharp implement’s scraps. In the process of welding, avoid the damage aroused by welding splash and arc strike for astragal.
The direction of “the mark of flow medium” on nonmetallic expansion joint is to be same as pipe medium flow direction in the process of installation.
Finished assembly, remove fixed bolts and limit tie rods (the two accessories painted with yellow or pasted with mark “after assembly, please remove”.
The General Introduction of   Metal Hose (JR TYPE)
CLASSIFICATION: The Metal Hose for Ship’s Service:
Corrugated metal hose is in high quality in modern industrial pipe-line. It is mainly composed of bellow, metal braid and joints. Inner pipe has spiral or annular thin-wall stainless bellow and out layer of bellow is metal braid weaved through stainless wire-steel or steel belts. The joints of both metal hose ends and flanges are matched with customers’ pipes joints or flanges.
What ways of bellows formation is that extremely thin-wall seamless or longitudinal seam stainless steel pipe is treated by high-accuracy shaping. Because of spring of bellows profiles with predominant flexibility and anti-fatigability, it is easier to absorb different motion and circulated load, especially its high capability of compensating movement in pipeline system. Our company produces metal hoses .With import of two –line high accuracy, high technological automatic welding production lines, the quality of metal hose is infinitely advanced without limit of hose’s length to greatly satisfy customers’ needs for additional long hoses.  The scope of DN of hose- Shuguang Brand is about from DN-4 to DN 800mm, with optional length if you need.
In accordance with pipe pressure and application sites ,with the function of protecting bellows, metal braid –main pressure part assembled in pressure pipeline can be weaved by one-layer or multi-layer stainless wire steel or steel belts. The pressure of metal hose –Shuguang Brand would be from PN0.6 to 32.0Mpa with the highest to 42.0Mpa.The use of materials of austenite stainless steels greatly guarantees the superior attributes of hoses’ high temperature assistance and anti corrosion .working temperature of metal hose ranges widely from -196 centigrade -600 centigrade. Its working pressure is less than nominal pressure that abides by G/B Standard .The metal hose is selected with matched stainless materials that can ensure performance of anti corrosion.
Its life span is much longer than other hoses (such as rubber hose or plastic hose) in account of its excellent flexibility, anti fatigue, high pressure resistance, high temperature and anti –corrosion so that it will noticeably  achieve high-value economic profits .Meanwhile ,with the rapid development of modern industry, the needs for metal hoses becomes  increasing. It can be suitable for fields of steam, coal gas, air, heavy crude, oil and chemical medicine and others.
The CMP Expansion Joint (CB Type)
The general introduction: The CMP Expansion Joint –as compensation device is usually applied for diesel exhaust pipeline can uphold the vibration from pipeline’s thermal expansion tension and pulseclumn. Other kind of pipelines can also be complied with stipulation. All processes of  Manufacture, check and inspection adopt “CMP Expansion Joint” GB/T1153-2008 Standard.
The Expansion Joint for Ship Service
The Classification of   Expansion Joint (12 TYPES classed by   different medium and link flanges) 
(a).  A Type –link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T569: It is suitable for single axial expansion joint of which medium can be seawater, potable water or steam and so on.
(b). AS Type-link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T2501: It is suitable for single axial expansion joint of which medium can be seawater, potable water or steam and so on.
(c). B Type- link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T569: It is suitable for single axial expansion joint of which medium can be  oil, fresh water and so on.
(d).BS Type- link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T2501: It is suitable for single axial expansion joint of which medium can be oil, fresh water and so on.
(e).PS Type- link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T569: It is suitable for single balancing expansion joint of which medium can be oil, fresh water and so on.
(f).PAS Type- link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T2501: It is suitable for single balancing expansion joint of which medium can be oil, fresh water and so on.
(g).PAN Type- link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T569: It is suitable for single balancing expansion joint of which medium can be seawater, potable water or steam and so on.
(h). PASN Type- link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T2501: It is suitable for single balancing expansion joint of which medium can be seawater, potable water or steam and so on.
(i). PBS Type- link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T2501: It is suitable for duplex balancing expansion joint of which medium can be oil, fresh water and so on.
(k). PBN Type- link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T569: It is suitable for duplex balancing expansion joint of which medium can be oil, fresh water and so on.
(l).PBSN Type- link dimension of flange on the basis of GB/T2501: It is suitable for duplex balancing expansion joint of which medium can be seawater, potable water or steam and so on.
The specific parameters of expansion joint as following chart:
 




Type

PN  (Mpa)

DN (mm)


A / B Type

0.6/1.0/1.6

50-500


AS Type

50-600


BS Type

0.6

50-1000


PA/PAS/PAN/PASN Type
PB/PBS/PBN/PBSN Type

0.6/1.0/1.6

100-500
 
The serials of pressure vessels 
The Fixed Tube Plate Heat Exchanger
The introduction of product: The type of heat exchanger is consisted of tube box, tube plate, heat exchanger tube, shell, folded plate, stand plate, tie rod and spacing tube. The tube plate is linked with shell by welding .Two ends of tube plate that can be mono-tube or muti-tube box are to be fixed with non-collapsible pipe bundles. Also, tube plate assembled to satisfy customers’ needs   can be vertical or horizontal as well as can be extended serving as flange.
On the same tube bundle’s condition, its inner diameter is smallest with simple structure. Without compensation components between shell and tube, there will arise more temperature stress. Therefore, expansion joint or bellows are in use to lower down temperature stress. Confronting the problem, we have initiated corrupted pipe reinforcement exchange heater in 1993.On the base reservation of shell exchange heater, our technological staff exploit to design thermal transmission components to make it realize that thin wall stainless steel-pipe is turned into continuous corrupted pipe inside as well as outside.
The benefits of the thermal transmission components with type of corrupted pipe are : High heat transmission factor  ,ability for bearing medium low pressure, Anti –corrosion; Longevity ； Application in max temperature difference working; Self-compensation for temperature stress; Anticsale； Cleaning fouling (  outside or inside bellows ,Because of clean  stainless steel, as fluid can exert  violence brushing  influence on tube wall ,it could prevent the generation of  scale deposits to certain extent. The products widely are applied in petrochemical, electric power, natural gas, heat supply, medicament, construction, refrigeration, nuclear power and other fields.
U Shape Tube Heat Exchanger
Introduction: It consists of one tube box, one tube plate, U shape heat exchanger, shell, baffle plate, tie rod and spacing tube.
The characters of the U shape tube heat exchanger are: No connection between shell and heat exchanger; Tube bundle insertion in or extraction from shell; Tube plate not doubled as flange; with tube bundle slideway; total weight less than fixed tube plate tube heat exchanger.
The advantages of the heat exchanger: simple structure, reasonable price, without temperature difference, convenience of cleaning pipe in external surface. It is widely used in petrochemical, electric power, natural gas, heat supply, medicament, construction, refrigeration, nuclear power and other fields.
Floating Head Exchange Heater – Steam to Water Type 
Introduction: It includes tube box, tube plate, heat exchanger, shell, baffle plate, stand plate, tie rod, spacing plate, round hook, floating head cover. One end of tube plate is fixed with shell, while the other end of plate (floating) not restricted with shell with free floating movement. It only can be multi- pipe pass of which area of pipes is not excessive than fixed tube plate heat exchanger and importantly, tube plate is not doubled as flange .Usually, and it has tube bundle slideway and wouldn’t give rise to temperature difference stress with removable floating. Meanwhile, tube bundle is easily inserted or extracted and also it is convenient to maintain or clean.
The products widely are used in petrochemical, electric power, natural gas, heat supply system, construction, refrigeration and nuclear power and so on.
The Axe Type Reoiler
Introduction:
It is a type of deformation of fixed tube plate type heat exchanger, floating head type heat exchanger or U shape tube type heat exchanger. When it doubly enlarges the shell side and retains evaporation room in structure, the product has been formed similar with container heat exchanger (container heat exchanger’s medium is water for purpose of heat service.)
Advantages: Without temperature stress; with removable floating head; Easier insertion or extraction of tube bundle; Convenient Maintenance and Cleaning.
The products are widely applied in petrochemical and medicament fields.
Plate Type Heat Exchanger
The plate type can be classified into frame style (removable) and soldered heat exchanger. When plate is overlapped to be put inside between fixed pressure plate and mobile pressure plate, then clamped on by clamping bolts. The types of plates mainly include herring bone plate, horizontal flat corrupted plate and gnarly plate .Among corrupted plates, it forms thin rectangle channels which exchange calories. 
Advantages: Small volume; low proportion of area; high efficiency of heat transmission; flexible assembling; low metal consumption; low heat loss; convenient dismount and clean and maintenance
Application site: It is suitable for medium temperature less than or equal to 250。  And also pressure is less than or equal to 2.5 Mpa applied in refrigeration, chemical industry, metallurgy, mechanism, electric power, papermaking, textile, food industry and central heating service.
Spherical Plate Tube Heat Exchanger
Introduction: It mainly consists of spherical plate, link pipe, sealed plate and with high utilization rate, it can be divided into dismount spherical plate tube heat exchanger and non- dismount spherical plate tube. In details, the product is a kind of high efficient heat exchange equipment which is matched for transmission of  heat convection, vapor condensation, transmission of heat convection for liquid evaporation gas-water all of which can suitable for mediums of liquid to liquid, gas to gas ,gas to liquid as well as second heating of heavy crude   With high efficiency of heat transmission; recycle of low temperature heat energy, small heat loss, stable manipulation, durability and self-cleanness of fouling, the products are widely in chemical engineering and light medium sites.
At present, “Ⅰ，Ⅱ” types of products are irremovable ,but “Ⅲ” type of the heat exchanger can be dismantled. Materials include Q235-A,20G,Q 245R,Q 345R,06 Cr 18 Ni 11 Ti,06 Cr 17 Ni 12 Mo2,022 Cr 17 Ni 12 M02 and the areas of heat exchange are 6～120m2.
Tank Reactor
Introduction: Tank reactor is consisted of cauldron, pot cover, and stirrer, electric heating oil clamping tube, supporting apparatus, drive device, shaft gland, overflow pipe, electric heating vessel, temperature gauge and piezometer. Due to different workmanship and operation environment, it has formed the anchor type tank reactor, oar type tank reactor, turbo-type, push –type or frame type tank reactor. Two kinds of stand brackets: one is hanging, and the other is bearing. And there exists mouse holes for discharge of oil, electric rod, venting, and estimate of temperature as well as a batch feeder on below cauldron. It is necessary that welding stand bracket on outer surface of jacket .The number of holes and its specification and others are designed or manufactured to greatly satisfy different users’ needs.
Tower: Our Company mainly produces plate type tower and filled tower both of which are applied in petrochemical and medicament. Their components are tower shells and tower parts.
Serials of GGF Type Gas turbine
Introduction: Design ,production, inspection and check of  GGF Type Gas turbine, and FSK Type Gas turbine adopt the laws of GB《Steel Pressure Vessel》 and 《The principle of safety technology inspection on pressure vessel》.The typical features are: rational structure, advanced workmanship ,reliable quality ,easier assembly. They are necessary equipments for air supply of stokehold and water supply.
Users could select gas turbines freely according to evaporation capability, numbers of sets, and pressure parameter. To be first-supply, we not only supply regular equipments for boiler workshop, but produce kinds of gas turbines, water turbines with different specifications for customers’ needs. There is no doubt that they are your best choices. Hope to be your preferred supplier!







 


 
2006-2010  Jiangsu Shuguang Pressure Vessel Co., Ltd.
   苏ICP备05050957号


 





































Industrial  Large Pressure Vessel, ILSHINAUTOCLAVE.CO.,Ltd























The global B2B marketplace to source Korean products
Bookmark BuyKOREA


Join Free
Sign in
my buyKOREA
FAQ
about buyKOREA









For Buyer
For Seller








All







Search


All
Product
Buying Offer
Image
Business Events
FAQ















KOREAN Products

All Products
Global Business Partnering
Global Procurement Challenge
Power-Tech Korea 2017
Korea Service Market 2017
Consumer Goods Showcase
CHINA HIGHWAY Products
Promising Products
EU KPP Products
Power products
ITS products
New Products
Creative Startup Products
[Team Korea] Products
World Champ Products


Buying Offer
KOPS Pay
EMS Shipment
Business Events
Video Meeting























Product Category


Automobiles & Vehicles 



													
												Automobiles 



													
												Auto Parts 



													
												Motorcycles, Bicycles & Parts 



													
												Railway Vehicles & Parts 



													
												Elevators & Escalators 



													
												Ships, Ocean Structures & Parts 



													
												Airplanes & Parts 



													
												Spaceships & Parts 




Electronic Components



													
												Semiconductors 



													
												Electron Tubes 



													
												Passive Components 



													
												Electro-Mechanical Components 



													
												Batteries 



													
												Flat-Panel Displays & Sensors 



													
												Other Electronic Components 




Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals 



													
												Basic Petrochemicals 



													
												Petrochemical Intermediate Materials 



													
												Materials for Synthetic Fiber 



													
												Synthetic Resin 



													
												Synthetic Rubber 



													
												Other Petrochemicals 



													
												Dyestuffs & Pigment 



													
												Paint, Varnish & Ink 



													
												Adhesives 



													
												Surfactants 



													
												Photographic/Cinematographic Materials 



													
												Agrochemicals & Phamaceuticals 



													
												Fine Chemical Materials 



													
												Other Fine Chemicals 



													
												Nitrogen Fertilizer 



													
												Phosphate Fertilizer 



													
												Potassium Fertilizer 



													
												Compound Fertilizer 



													
												Other Fertilizer 



													
												Other Chemical Industry Products 




Electronics, Computers & Telecommunication 



													
												Wired Communication Equipments 



													
												Wireless Communication Equipments 



													
												Computers 



													
												Industrial Electronics



													
												Measurement, Control & Analysis Instruments 



													
												Video Devices 



													
												Audio Devices 



													
												Refrigerators 



													
												Home Appliances 



													
												Electro-Thermal Appliances 



													
												Lighting 



													
												Electronic Watches/Clocks & Game Players 



													
												ICT Solutions



													
												Other Household Appliances 




Minerals, Glass & Ceramics 



													
												Gold, Silver & Platinum 



													
												Iron Ore 



													
												Copper Ore 



													
												Aluminum Ore 



													
												Tin Ore 



													
												Zinc Ore 



													
												Nickel Ore 



													
												Other Metal Ore



													
												Graphite 



													
												Salt



													
												Kaolin 



													
												Limestone 



													
												Other Non-Metallic Minerals 



													
												Crude Oil 



													
												Coal 



													
												Petroleum Products 



													
												Liquided Petroleum Gas 



													
												Uranium 



													
												Cement



													
												Tiles & Ceramics 



													
												Glassware



													
												Other Ceramics 



													
												Asbestos Products 



													
												Mica Products 



													
												Other Mineral Products 




Metals & Metal Products 



													
												Section Shape Steel 



													
												Wire Rod, Bar Steel & Reinforcement 



													
												Steel Sheet 



													
												Steel Pipes & Steel Wire 



													
												Rails & Steel Structures 



													
												Steel Containers & Chain 



													
												Cast & Forged 



													
												Ferroalloy, Pig Iron & Iron Scrap 



													
												Semi-Finished Steel Products & Other Steel Products 



													
												Aluminum Products 



													
												Copper Products 



													
												Nickel Products 



													
												Magnesium Products 



													
												Lead Products 



													
												Zinc Products 



													
												Tin Products 



													
												Tungsten,  Molybdenum & Manganese Products 



													
												Other Nonferrous Metal Products 



													
												Coins 



													
												Nails 



													
												Containers 



													
												Other Steel & Metal Products




Machinery 



													
												Engines, Turbines & Pumps 



													
												Conveyors & Load/Unload Machines 



													
												Air Conditioners & Coolers/Heaters 



													
												Office Machines 



													
												Optical Instruments 



													
												Textile Machinery & Chemical Instruments 



													
												Wood/Mineral/Glass Working Machinery 



													
												Metal Working Machinery 



													
												Food Processing/Packaging Machinery 



													
												Construction & Mining Machinery 



													
												Rolling Mills, Welding Machines & Casting Machinery 



													
												Paper-Making & Printing Machinery 



													
												Agricultural Machinery 



													
												Other Industrial Machines 



													
												Watches & Clocks 



													
												Semiconductor Manufacturing Equipments 



													
												Plotters 



													
												Surveying Instruments 



													
												Flat-Panel Display Manufacturing Equipments 



													
												Other Machinery 




Textiles & Leather Products 



													
												Leather



													
												Leather Products 



													
												Synthetic Fiber 



													
												Regenerated Fiber 



													
												Natural Fiber Yarn 



													
												Synthetic Filament Yarn 



													
												Synthetic Fiber Spun Yarn 



													
												Silk Fabric 



													
												Wool Fabric 



													
												Cotton Fabric 



													
												Synthetic Filament Fabric 



													
												Synthetic Staple Fiber Fabric 



													
												Knitted Fabric 



													
												Other Fabric 



													
												Garments & Clothes 



													
												Other Textile Products 



													
												Fur 




Rubber & Plastic



													
												Plastic Products 



													
												Rubber Products 




Electric Equipments 



													
												Generators & Motors 



													
												Static Electric Equipmemts 



													
												Renewable Energy



													
												Heavy Electric Equipments 



													
												Electric Wires 




Mechanical Parts & Tools 



													
												Friction Products 



													
												Grinding Products 



													
												Mechanical Elements 



													
												Tools 



													
												Dies 




Agriculture & Fishery



													
												Cereal & Fruit 



													
												Live Plants 



													
												Vegetable Matter 



													
												Vegetable Materials 



													
												Favorite Food 



													
												Processed Agricultural Products 



													
												Seeds 



													
												Other Agricultural/Farm Products 



													
												Live Animals 



													
												Meat 



													
												Animal By-Products 



													
												Processed Livestock Products 



													
												Animal Hair 



													
												Wood & Timber 



													
												Tree Seeds 



													
												Forest By-Products 



													
												Fish 



													
												Crustaceans 



													
												Mollusks 



													
												Seaweed 



													
												Fish Meat & Roe 



													
												Processed Fishery Products 



													
												Fishery By-Products 



													
												Other Fishery Products 




Pulp, Paper & Printing 



													
												Paper Materials 



													
												Paper Products 



													
												Books 



													
												Periodical Publications 



													
												Maps 



													
												Other Printouts 




Beauty & Living Ware



													
												Umbrellas & Parasols 



													
												Bags 



													
												Belts 



													
												Portable Accessories 



													
												Home/Living Ware



													
												Nail



													
												Cosmetics, Soap & Toothpaste 



													
												Flatware Sets 



													
												Jewels(Jewelry) 



													
												Beauty Accessories 



													
												Imitation Jewelry 



													
												Wigs & Fake Eyebrows 



													
												Other Personal Items 




Furniture



													
												Chairs



													
												Beds



													
												Tables



													
												Desks



													
												Wardrobes, Dressing Tables & Storage Drawers 



													
												Other Furniture




Sports, Hobbies & Toys 



													
												Footwear 



													
												Piano



													
												Strings



													
												Wind Instruments 



													
												Percussion Instruments 



													
												Musical Instrument Parts & Accessories 



													
												Other Musical Instruments 



													
												Sport Products 



													
												Hobbies & Entertainment 



													
												Dolls 



													
												Riding Toys 



													
												Self-Assembly Toys 



													
												Other Toys 




Eyewear



													
												Eyeglasses 



													
												Contact Lens 




Office & School Supplies



													
												Writing Supplies 



													
												Art & Drafting Supplies 



													
												Office Supplies 



													
												Other Office & School Supplies 




Gifts & Crafts



													
												Artificial Flowers 



													
												Shell Crafts 



													
												Glass Crafts 



													
												Other Crafts 



													
												Paintings 



													
												Sculptures 



													
												Stamps 



													
												Antiques 



													
												Other Gifts & Crafts 




Health & Medical



													
												Health & Medical Devices



													
												Health & Medical Supplies




Environment



													
												Recycling



													
												Water Treatment



													
												Waste Management



													
												Air quality Management



													
												Other environmental products




Others 



													
												Other Miscellaneous Products 



													
												Engineering, Procurement and Construction



													
												Services




SEE ALL CATEGORIES















Home > Product Detail



Electronic Components
				>
				
Semiconductors 
Electron Tubes 
Passive Components 
Electro-Mechanical Components 
Batteries 
Flat-Panel Displays & Sensors 
Other Electronic Components 

				>
				
Other Electronic Components 




Industrial  Large Pressure Vessel(Pd No. : 3014666)
(Updated : 07/04/2017)
























product information






Model Nm
Industrial & Large Pressure Vessel


HS CODE
961700


M.O.Q
1


Ceritification




Keywords
Industrial Pressure Vessel,Large Pressure Vessel, Small Vessel, Mini Vessel, Pressure Vessel


Seller ID
ilshinauto






Inquiry Now
Video Meeting











Product Description
Company Information
Related Business Event


 
Pressure Vessel
Ilshin Autoclave Co., Ltd that is focus on high temperature·high pressure technique manufactures multiple pressure vessels of various applications. Pressure vessel means the container with no volume change when pressurized by fluid (liquid or gas). Ilshin Autoclave Co., Ltd manufactures various vessels from industrial ones such as Heat exchanger, Reactor, Storage tank to reactor vessels with strong corrosion resistant. Also, agitator and impeller are optional according to use, feature and customer's convenience.



Industrial & Large pressure vessel 





Large pressure vessel can be used in multiple industrial areas. It can be made according to different volume and specifications. Industrial pressure vessel shall be accredited by 'Korea occupational Safety & Health Agency', 'Korea Gas Safety Corporation''. Ilshin manufactures pressure vessels as KS, JIS, ASME CODE according to pressure, temperature and inner content



Large pressure vessel for industrial use is mostly used for fluid storage as a reservoir tank. There are various types such as liquid reservoir tank, steam generator, microorganism reactor, heat exchanger. Also, the structures of this kind of pressure vessel are multiple according to different character, state and use of fluid. Ilshin Autoclave’s industrial pressure vessel can be used for multiple production process. All the equipments are designed by ASME CODE and obtained certification of KS, JIS.
 



Types of Pressure Vessel






Division
Application


Functional 
pressure vessel
Heat: : Heating exchanger, Hot water heater
Reaction : Reactor
Separation :Evaporator, Distillation tower, Extractor
Storage with high temperature : Flash tank, Deaerator, Steam accumulator


Structural 
pressure vessel
Heater exchanger
  - To exchange the heat between fluids
Tower
  - To separate components by heating mixture
Reactor
  - To react components by putting high pressure & temperature 
Storage 
  - For liquid or gas
Ball tank
  - For storage of compressed gas or LNG





 


Application 










• Heating exchanger
• Bubble removal equipment 
• Seawater desalination facilities 
• Evaporator
• Catalytic reactor 
• Distillation 
• Liquid and Gas storage tank 
• In Petrochemical plant or power generation facilities
 






 
Industrial & Large Pressure Vessel - SVP series 
This type of Steam Generator is the equipment that the heat generated when nuclear fission in a nuclear reactor and then the steam is supplied to the turbine. After removing the moisture through steam separator and moisture separator, the generated steam is supplied to turbine. Ilshin Autoclave's SVP Series are designed to withstand high pressure and high temperature, mostly used for steam generators in nuclear power plant. Since this kind of pressure vessel used for fluid storage in both high pressure and high temperature, so the risk of rupture is critical. All the equipments of Ilshin Autoclave are designed by ASME CODE and obtained certification of KS, JIS to ensure the safety.



 





 


Steam Generator Process and Structure 





 


Technology 






1. Application of Metal material


2. Closed type


3. Design code and certification






 
Industrial & Large Pressure Vessel - PVP series
Ilshin Autoclave's PVP Series are used for external pressure test of large volume equipment and components. External pressure test is to measure if the test sample can withstand the setting pressure in pressure tank filled with water. Water pressure is different according to the depth of water. Generally, per 1m depth takes the pressure of 1 ㎏/㎠. Ilshin Autoclave always takes safety as an overriding consideration and designs injection of fluid at the inlet connection and the size is optional. All the equipments of Ilshin Autoclave are designed by ASME CODE and obtained certification of KS, JIS to ensure the safety.






 


External pressure Test and Application 






Put test specimen into pressure vessel to make a performance test. It is commonly used as a test equipment to test the parts durability and leakage of joints or change of shape.
 



 
Industrial & Large Pressure Vessel - BVP series
BVP Series is large volume reactor for micro-organisms in microorganisms industries. It is used variously in the area of food, pharmaceuticals, enzymes. As micro-organisms reactor, it is mostly for lower pressure. Ilshin Autoclave always takes safety as an overriding consideration and designs injection of fluid at the inlet connection and the size is optional. All the equipments of Ilshin Autoclave Co.,Ltd are designed by ASME CODE and obtained certification of KS, JIS to ensure the safety.






 


Areas using micro-organisms









Food
Alcohol production, fermented food


Pharmaceuticals
Penicillin, streptomycin production


Enzymes
Biologically active substances(hormones), yeast cell production


Others
Microbial purification of environment, alternative energy





It was mainly used in the field of alcoholic and fermented food, but recently widely being used in various areas for high valued organisms such as pharmaceutical and bio-fermentation.



 
Industrial & Large Pressure Vessel - EVP series
EVP Series is heater exchanger widely used in power plant or factory. Heat exchanger means the device for efficient heat transfer between high temperature fluid and low temperature fluid, which is widely used in chemical industry or reaction related to temperature, such as space heating, refrigeration, air conditioning, power plants, chemical plants, petrochemical plants, petroleum refineries, natural gas processing, and sewage treatment. All the equipments of Ilshin Autoclave Co.,Ltd are designed by ASME CODE and obtained certification of KS, JIS to ensure the safety.



 





 


Type and structure of heat exchanger










Shell & Tube 
Type
- Most commonly used heat exchanger 
- Efficient heat transfer


Double Pipe 
Type
- Heat pipe inset into shell by
    concentric type
- Heat exchange when fluid flow both
    in heat pipe and shell


Plate Type
- Pile up heat plate









It was mainly used in the field of alcoholic and fermented food, but recently widely being used in various areas for high valued organisms such as pharmaceutical and bio-fermentation.


 


Application





• Refrigeration and Air-conditioning 
• Shipbuilding and Steel, Offshore areas 
• Bio-chemical industries 
• Agriculture/ Veterinary/ Animal husbandry 
• Food/ Pharmaceuticals



 




Product Description
Company Information
Related Business Event




Company Information


company information








Contact Person
 Kim Hyun Hyo


Company
 ILSHINAUTOCLAVE.CO.,Ltd


Address
 835 Taplipdong, Yuseonggu Daejeon (Techno valley)  


Homepage

www.suflux.com
										
									
								
								
				  				
						  			, 
							  		
							  		http://seller.buykorea.org/ilshinautoclave--1052505



Tel
 0429316100
Fax
 0429316100


Biz. Type
 Manufacturing and trade
Est. Year

								 
									2001
								
								
								


Employees
 11~50









View all products of this company




Other Products from [ ilshinauto ] (12)
View all















									
										
											Laminating MINI Autoclave  M...
										
										
									
								















									
										
										
											Pressure Tester
										
									
								















									
										
										
											High Pressure Homogenizer
										
									
								















									
										
										
											Hydraulic Press
										
									
								















									
										
										
											Isostatic Press
										
									
								















									
										
											Supercritical Fluid System-S...
										
										
									
								















									
										
											Reactor  Special Pressure Ve...
										
										
									
								















									
										
										
											Agitator- Magnedrive
										
									
								















									
										
											Special Purpose Reactor - Hy...
										
										
									
								















									
										
										
											Laminating Autoclave 
										
									
								









Product Description
Company Information
Related Business Event



Related Business Event List







Data not found














Inquiry




- Please leave a detailed inquiry to get an accurate reply from the Korean seller.



Inquiry Sample




Inquiry






To
ILSHINAUTOCLAVE.CO.,Ltd


CC

 You are able to send one CC-mail ONLY



Message





Price Quote









SEND
























What is buyKOREA?
buyKOREA Guide
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy


Copyright (c) 2004 all rights reserved, buyKOREA.org.
Global B2B e-marketplace, operated by KOTRA, enabling KOPS payment & EMS delivery.
KOTRA: (06792) 13, Heolleung-ro, Seocho-gu, Seoul, Korea (Tel. +82-1600-7119)





KOTRA Family Site
------------------------
KOTRA 홈페이지
KOTRA 해외시장뉴스
GEP
Invest Korea


















CUSTOMER CENTER


FAQ
Q&A






QUICK MENU

















 















