

에이스테크놀로지











 





















































































































-->
						

HomeProducts RF PRODUCT






Ace Technologies Corp. provides total solution from component, module such like TMA to RRH system in mobile network based on 30 years technology know-how.


 


 



										Active antenna system technology integrates several radio frequency (RF) components (power amplifiers and transceivers) with the antenna dipoles. This enables the phase and amplitude of the signals from each dipole inside the antenna to be electronically controlled. Benefits include more flexible deployment, improved capacity and coverage, smaller installation and lower power consumption, while also supporting a multi-technology network.
                                        Active antenna systems will boost existing base station site efficiency and performance. The technology can even be used to create micro and macro cells simultaneously by using the same hardware located at the macro base station. Active antenna system technology is set to bring new levels of flexibility to the base station and create a customer experience matched to the needs of every individual.


 


 



										Various product types (Single filter, Diplexer, Duplexer and Multiband filter) per Mobile telecommunication bandwidth (UMTS, GSM900, 1800, 1900, etc) can be realized to Air cavity, Dielectric Resonator and Waveguide type. We promise to supply the most suitable product based on product reliability provided to Major OEMs during 15 years per various bandwidth DCS, GSM, UPCS, UMTS, Wibro and Wi-Fi,). We suggest the most optimum specification such as low cost, light weight and provide the simulation considering customer’s requirements per bandwidth (Size, connector type, electrical specification, Mount spec, Outdoor application).  

										- 450MHz ~ 18GHz band design provides
										- Low insertion loss, High power handing, High isolation, Low IMD specificity
										- Optimal Hign “Q” value Design
										- Out door Application
										- Light weight, Low cost


 






										The product which is necessary component for base station composition per frequency and product is possessed. Most of product is applied to low cost through Die casting and can be supplied through mass product experience. Also optimized system for customized product is obsessed.

The product
Delay filter
Bias-T
RF Switch(High Power)







												Various delay filter product Line-up to control Group delay of AMP (feed-forwarder type) is possessed for GSM900, GSM1800, UPCS, WCDMA and Wibro. Light weight and High power Know-how is possessed based on supplying experiences to worldwide AMP companies. Most of delay filters are specified per customer demand, however based on development experiences per frequency, we promise to provide low cost and high speed delivery.







												Bias-T are segregated and composed with RF signal / DC supply / AISG modem signal in one feed cable, existing between base station and ALD. Besides, lightning surge protection function is equipped. VSWR monitoring function and AISG modem(OOK) or FSK modem equipped products also possessed. 







												RF Switch is mechanical device for the purpose of 50 ohm transmission line switching based on base station system’s necessity. The first function is bypass relay to detour main path. The second takes a role of switching combiner to combine amplified output signal when necessary. The third is redundancy switch to back up power amplifier. The frequency bandwidth of Bypass relay and redundancy switch is DC~2.2GHz and the frequency bandwidth of switching combiner satisfy PCS and Cellular’s bandwidth.









         




















에이스테크놀로지











 





















































































































-->
						
HomeProducts COMMODITY PRODUCT






Various commodity products were favorably reviewed for competitive price and performance in global market. Please see world best quality and performance products for yourself from Ace Technologies.


 


 



					TMA products are one of ACE’s main products, and Ace Technologies already introduced all kind of low weighted & anticorrosion TMA products family. As a result, Ace Technologies is very confident and able to emphasize that “We make the best TMA, and we are very near to meet what our customers request.” ACE introduce various TMA families such as Gain, AISG, RET, Double & Single band TMA or Dual band and Dual double TMA. 
 


 



					Base Station Antenna products line of Ace Technologies  are highly harmonized with Pager, CDMA, PCA, 2G/3G/4G, and LTE networks. Stabled radiated pattern of characteristics and Wideband, Multi-Band that has less PIMD value are very efficient to construct every kinds of optimum wireless networks. Variable tilting Antenna with wide scope of electrical tilt angle enables to control the tilt angle accurately and easily.  it gives possibility to set flexible networks coverage according to data traffic flow. The RETU (Remote Electric Tilt Unit), a device controls electrical tilting automatically, contributes to set system networks faster and easier, and it is compatible with 3GPP & AISG 2.0 interface. In addition, it is designed to meet environmental spec that regulated by RoHS.
 







         


















 


ACE Production Technologies | Home





























































  I'm sorry; your browser doesn't support HTML5 video in WebM with VP8/VP9 or MP4 with H.264.






Upcoming Events






Introductory Workshop

           May 16-17, 2017
          



            Come join us for our intro workshop and aquire insight in the selective soldering world.
            


Click here to
 
Learn More



Advanced Workshop

           August 15-16, 2017
          



            Take advantage of ACE's experience & expertise by joining us here at the ACE factory.
            


Click here to
 
Learn More



IPC APEX Expo Booth 2108

           February 27- 1, 2018
          



            Experience the legendary combination of education, technology & networking.
            


Click here to
 
Learn More



SMTA International  Booth TBD

           September 19-20, 2017
          



            SMTA International will return to Rosemont in 2017 along with IPC Fall Standards Development Committee Meetings.
            


Click here to
 
Learn More











In The News





P4Q USA Incorporated installs third ACE selective soldering system in New Mexico



Mar 14, 2017 - ACE a leading supplier of selective soldering systems, is pleased to announce that P4Q USA Incorporated has invested in a third KISS-101 selective soldering system..
    


Read More
Read More







ACE to conduct March 14-15 introductory selective soldering workshop



Mar  1, 2017 - ACE Production Technologies, a Nordson SELECT company, and a leading supplier of selective soldering systems, is pleased to announce that registration is now open and seats are available for its upcoming March 14-15, 2017 introductory selective soldering workshop..
    


Read More
Read More







Nordson Corporation Acquires InterSelect GmbH



Feb 16, 2017 - Nordson Corporation Acquires InterSelect GmbH to Broaden Selective Soldering Capabilities for Electronics Assembly Customers.
    


Read More
Read More







American Power Conversion Corp installs ACE selective soldering system in Philippines



Jan 31, 2017 - ACE is pleased to announce that American Power Conversion Corporation (APC) has invested in a KISS-102 selective soldering system..
    


Read More
Read More







ACE to exhibit new innovative technologies at APEX 2017



Jan 24, 2017 - ACE is pleased to announce that it will exhibit new innovative selective soldering technologies in Booth 3047 at the IPC APEX Expo, scheduled to take place February 14-17, 2017 at the San Diego Convention Center in San Diego, California..
    


Read More
Read More







Nordson Corporation acquires ACE



Jan 17, 2017 - ACE Production Technologies, Inc., a leading
supplier of selective soldering systems, is pleased to announce that Nordson Corporation
(NASDAQ: NDSN) has acquired ACE Production Technologies, Inc..
    


Read More
Read More







Kimchuk Incorporated installs ACE selective soldering system in Connecticut



Jan 13, 2017 - ACE Production Technologies, Inc. is pleased to announce that Kimchuk Incorporated has invested in a KISS-
103 selective soldering machine..
    


Read More
Read More







ACE launches Elite Series of innovative in-line selective soldering systems



Dec 19, 2016 - ACE is pleased to introduce its new Elite Series of innovative
in-line selective soldering systems..
    


Read More
Read More








Click Here to see all news
 Articles and Press Releases
































Welcome to ASE Group








































繁體中文




English







Mission & Vision
Innovation
ASE Turnkey Services
Manufacturing Facilities
Quality
Milestones
Organization Chart
Board of Directors
Plants & Offices



Technology Leadership
Advanced Technology
Green Solutions
Intellectual Property
ASE Trademarks



Assembly Offerings
Test Service Offerings
Material Offerings
Tray Service Offerings



Substrate Design Service
Characterization Services
eServices



Event Calendar
Press Room



IR Quick View 
Company Profile
Financials
Corporate Governance
Events & News
Shareholder Services
FAQ
 Contacts Us



Letter from the Chairman
Corporate Sustainability Policy and Management
Stakeholder Engagement
Corporate Governance
Environmental Sustainability
Employee Care & Development
Supply Chain Development
Corporate Citizenship and Social Involvement
CSR Reports Downloads




























More
May 03, 2017ASE Records Purchase of 15.2 Million KwH Green Power in Past 4 YearsApr 06, 2017ASE Singapore Receives Common Criteria for Information Technology Security Evaluation CertificationMar 22, 2017ASE Gears Towards a Sustainable World with the Presentation of the ‘Excellence in Sustainability Award’ at its Annual Supplier Award Ceremony



 




More
Aug 01 2017 – Aug 04 2017The 28th VLSI Design/CAD Symposium





























© 2012- ASE Group. All rights reserved.








 Ace Technologies Corp. 




Inquiry
Advertisement



Ace Technologies Corp.

 INTRODUCTION
 PRODUCTS
				
- Tower Mounted Amplifier (TMA)
- Tower Mounted Amplifier







Tower Mounted Amplifier (TMA)


				[TMA]
			

				Ace Technologies Corp. has developed a Tower Mounted Amplifier to reduce signal loss by low-loss wave-filter and low noise amplifier, which is the most remarkable mobile communication equipment. Also, by setting it at the bottom of antenna, it amplifies the signal in a more efficient way, reducing signal loss and increasing cell coverage by more than 20%.

Thus, it can reduce expenses to expand networks as well as loss of power in mobile phones. Additionally, ACE¡¯s TMA has compliance with AISG (Antenna Interface Standard Group) that is internationally standard in mobile communication and designed to be able to withstand tough environmental conditions such as thunder, heavy rain, salt water and extreme temperatures. ACE¡¯s TMA has been exported to major telecommunication equipment customers like Ericsson, NSN and Huawei. In 2006, this product was also selected as a ¡®World class product,¡¯ which means the Korea government guarantees its quality and assists in promoting it. 

ACE completed producing RRH (Remote radio head), aiming at the 4G market, and currently supplies it to the global major telecommunication equipment companies. With lower power consumption and better efficiency by reducing CAPEX and OPEX, the RRH will be the system that all telecommunication companies are seeking.

With a heritage spanning 31 years, Ace Technologies Corp. is a global wireless communication supplier providing an innovative end-to-end service with a range incorporating the latest generation RRH, Base station antenna, TMA, Filters, Sub-systems, Repeaters, Automotive Antennas, military communication products ,and many more.















	
			Our Operating System
             |
        How We Work
             |
         United Technologies

		

















































Skip Navigation















































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.































u
















You Are Now Leaving The United Technologies Website
You are now leaving UTC.com and entering a website that United Technologies does not control. United Technologies has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security of this website.











Our Operating System





Home







Our Operating System
	

























Share










Intro ContentUTC fosters a culture of continuous improvement. We use our ACE operating system to achieve the highest levels of performance in everything we do, from developing new products to finding better ways to serve our customers.







Main ContentAchieving Competitive Excellence (ACE)
ACE is the UTC operating system. It focuses on the drivers of competitive excellence — our people and our work processes. Our leadership and empowered employees work together to implement ACE practices in all of our activities across every UTC business to benefit our customers and shareowners.
ACE has three elements: culture, tools and competency. The daily interaction of each element is what makes it an operating system. Results focus on perfect quality, on-time delivery, highly engaged employees working in a safe environment, and best-in-class financial returns.  
We are committed to consistently delivering ACE benefits to our customers, employees and shareholders.
How ACE Works:
     

ACE in Action




















UTC CLIMATE, CONTROLS & SECURITY
The use of ACE at UTC Climate, Controls & Security’s Collierville, Tennessee, facility has led to remarkable sustained results. These achievements include improvements to first pass yield by 50 percent, the cost of poor quality by 15 percent, supplier PPM by 77 percent and the employee engagement score by 22 points. The Collierville facility, which has a manufacturing space greater than 800,000 square feet, manufactures Carrier residential air conditioners and heat pumps – and its dedication to ACE has resulted in efficiencies that have helped generate more than $3 million in savings.
More

















PRATT & WHITNEY
At Pratt & Whitney’s Hot Section Module Center-South (HSMC-S) in East Hartford, ACE has fostered a commitment to a culture of continuous improvement. The largest UTC manufacturing site in Connecticut to achieve ACE Gold, HSMC-S’ dedication to ACE over the last 13 years has led to massive reductions in waste costs and drastic improvements in incident rates. HSMC-S’ accomplishments include an 80 percent reduction in the cost of poor quality, a 92 percent reduction in the lost time incident rate and a 78 percent reduction in the total recordable incident rate. These improvements enable HSMC-S to efficiently produce parts for the game-changing F135 and Geared Turbofan engines.
More





Secondary Content





Supplier Performance


								Learn how we work with suppliers to help them meet high standards globally.
							

Suppliers


Join Us


								Learn about career opportunities within Quality.
							

Careers


Our Commitments




























































		ACE TECHNOLOGY CORP. Recommended Product
	












































Sign in
Join Free

About tradeKorea


Support




FAQ


Contact us


Newsletter Subscribe


TradeAlert


How to Use


Product Listing Policy






Service




News & Notice


Success Stories


KITA Member's Lounge


Online Exhibition


GBMS


Global Partners


KITA ePay Information


Keyword Trends


Korea Trade Statistics






My tradeKorea




Seller


My Inquries


My Products


My Sales


My C/L


My Report


Minisite


Buyer


My Inquries


My Buying Leads


My Order


My Accounts





Cart

국문
中文






MENU


Home
Products
Company Information
Notice Board
      Contact Us       

Send Inquiry
+82-32-458-1235







http://acetechkoo.tradekorea.com
ACE TECHNOLOGY CORP.
			 
		


























Products
Category menu




Category background


other[3]





















												RF/ Microwave Components RF SWITCH
											




















												RF/ Microwave Components Delay Filer
											




















												RF Conditioning Filer
											














Go to KITA.org




Global Business Matching Service


Post Buying Leads


My tradeKorea


How to use tradeKorea







Privacy Policy - 
						Terms of Use - 
						About tradeKorea - 
						
Korean Manufacturers
Copyright ⓒ 2008 - Fri Aug 04 01:43:35 GMT+09:00 2017  KITA (Korea International Trade Association). All rights reserved.


tradeKorea.com is a Global Business to Business (B2B) Online Marketplace that helps facilitate online trade between exporters and importers from around the world.
tradeKorea














	
			Home |
 United Technologies

		



















































Skip Navigation












































You may be trying to access this site from a secured browser on the server. Please enable scripts and reload this page.































u
















You Are Now Leaving The United Technologies Website
You are now leaving UTC.com and entering a website that United Technologies does not control. United Technologies has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security of this website.
































UTC Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results

















Why Investing in the future begins now

















Geared Turbofan Engine: Innovation Driving Economic Growth

















NORESCO helps Hanscom Air Force Base increase energy resiliency

















Lighter planes and cleaner skies: Green Ideas Born to Fly












Moving The World Forward
We do the big things that others cannot.
UTC At A Glance





Otis
          




UTC Climate,Controls & Security
          




Pratt & Whitney
          




UTC Aerospace Systems
          








@UTC
Social Media Center







Happy Birthday to one of our all-time favorites, Elisha Otis! 🎂👏 twitter.com/otiselevatorco…
August 03, 2017
@UTC


RT @OtisElevatorCo: “UTC continually invests in technology and in our people.” – Greg Hayes, CEO & Chairman, @UTC linkedin.com/pulse/why-inve…
August 02, 2017
@UTC


RT @UTC_CCS: Only 2 more days until the next #Raceto9Billion podcast is released. Make sure to catch up! spr.ly/60148tQJI
August 01, 2017
@UTC







@Unitedtechnologiescorp




@Unitedtechnologiescorp




@Unitedtechnologiescorp










Performance
More






Mitsubishi Regional Jet Makes a Debut in Paris



















Innovation
More

















Ireland Research Center Leads MISSION Project to Revolutionize Aerospace Design








Sustainability
More






Carrier Côr™ Thermostat Now ENERGY STAR® Certified



















Latest News
Press Releases






United Technologies Announces Leadership Change at Otis






UTC Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results






United Technologies Corp. Second Quarter Earnings Advisory to Securities Analysts, Investors and Media






United Technologies Corporation Statement - Setting the Record Straight Regarding Carrier Jobs






Green Ideas Born To Fly






UTC Interactive Experience at the 2017 Paris Air Show








Careers
Explore Careers











































































































